JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From December the ift, 1757,

In the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Second,

TO

March the 19th, 1761,

In the First Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From December the ift, 1757,

In the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Second,

TO

March the 19th, 1761,

In the First Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 28.

[ 3 ]

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS-

Sess. 1757 — 8;

Message to attend the King.

Members take Oar.hs.

Clindestine

Outlawries.

The King's

Speech

reported.

Jovisy i° die Decembris;

Anno 31° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1757.

AMeffage from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Henry Bellendeny Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths; and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectiial preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as follow eth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It would have given me the greatest Pleafur£ to have acquainted you, at the Opening of this Session, that our Success in carrying on the War has been equal to the Justice of our Cause, and the Extent and Vigour of the Measures formed for that Purpose.

I have tile firmed Confidence that the Spirit and Bravery of this Nation, so renowned in all Times, and which have formerly furmoiinted so many Difficulties, are not to be abated by some Disappointments; these, I trust, by the Blefiing of God, and your Zeal and Ardour for mv Honour and the Welfare of your Country, may be retrieved: It is nly fixed Resolution to apply my utmost Efforts for the Security of my Kingdoms, and for the Recovery and Protection of the Possessions and Rights of my Crown and Subjects in America and elsewhere, as well by the strongbit Exertion of our Naval Force, as by all other Methods: Another great. Object, which I have at Heart, is, the Preservation of the Protestant Religion, and the Liberties of Europe, and, in that View, to adhere to and encourage my Allies.

For this Cause I shall decline no Inconveniences; and in this Cause I earnestly desire yoUr hearty Concurrence and vigorous Assistance. The late signal Success in Germany has given a happy Turn to Affairs, which it is Vol. 28.

incumbent upon us to improve; and, in this critical Conjuncture, the eyes of all Europe are upon you: In particular, I must recommend it to you, that my good , Brother and Ally the King of Prussia may be supported in such a Manner as his Magnanimity and active Zeal for the common Cause deserve.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

It gives me the utmost Concern that the large Supplies, which you have already granted for carrying on the War, have not produced all the good Effects we had reason to hope for; but I have so great a Reliance on your Wisdom, as not to doubt of your Perseverance:

I only desire such Supplies as shall be necessary for the public Service, and, to that End, have oidered the proper Estimates to be laid before you; you may depend upon it that the best and most faithful (Economy shall be used.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have had such ample Experience of the Loyalty and good Affections of my faithful Subjects towards me, my Family, and Government, in all Circumstances, that I am confident they are not to be ftiaken; but I cannot avoid taking notice of that Spirit of Disorder which has shewn itself amongst the common People in some Parts of the Kingdom: Let me recommend to you to do your Part in discouraging and suppressing such Abuses, and for maintaining the Laws and lawful Authority. If any thing dial] be found wanting to explain or enforce what may have been misunderstood or misrepresented, I am persuaded it will not escape your Attention.

Nothing can be lb conducive to the Defence of all that is dear to us, as well as for reducing our Enemies to Reafoii, as Union and Harmony amongst ourselves.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty*, to return his Majesty the most humble Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; and to allure his Majesty, that this House fees with the deepest Concern the Success of his Majesty’s Arms so unequal to the Justice of his Cause, and to the Extent and Vigour of the Measures formed for that Purpose: That his faithful Commons firmly rely, that as his Majesty, in his royal Justice, has endeavoured to trace the Causes of palt Disappointments, lie will also, in his high Wisdom, open better Hopes of future Prosperities, by invigorating our En-terprizes, and animating the Attempts of the British Arms. That in this Confidence they will chearfully support his Majesty in the utmost Efforts for the Security of his Kingdoms, and for the Recovery and Protection of the Possessions and Rights of his Crown and Subjects in America and elsewhere, as well by the strongest Exertion of his Majesty’s Naval Force, as by all other adequate Methods: To assure his Majesty, that his faithful Commons,excited by Zeal for the Protestant Cause, and the Liberties of Europe, do with most unfeigned Joy

Address on the ins’s Speech.

i° — 2° Decembris.

4- 17 57-

Exportation of Corn,

Northumberi land Writ.

Ipswich

Writ.

humbly offer their Congratulations to his Majesty on the latefignalSuccefs in Germany, and that they will vigorously and effectually enable his Majesty to improve the happy Turn of Affairs there, and in particular to support his good Ally the King of Prussia in such a manner as the Magnanimity and unexampled Efforts of that great Prince, in Defence of the religious and civil Liberties of Europe, deserve and require: That this House acknowledges, with all dutiful Gratitude, his Majesty’s paternal and feasonable Care for the interior Tranquillity and Safety of his Subjects, in having been graciously pleased to recommend to this House to do their Part for maintaining the Laws and lawful Authority, against that Spirit of Disorder which has shewn itself amongst the lower People in some Parts of the Kingdom; and that they will not fail in due time to take into their most serious Consideration the properest Methods for discouraging and suppressing such Abuses, and for preventing the Causes of the like Mifcliiefs hereafter.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an. Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Royfton, the Marquis of Granby, Lord North, Mr. Secretary Pitt, Lord Bai'rington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr-Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Alderman Beckford, M r. Nugent, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Smith, Mr. Harney, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Charles Townshend, Lord Downe, Mr. Vy?ier, S\rWilliam Stanhope, Mr. James Grenville, Lord Egmont, Mr. Boone, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Martin, Sir Bichard Lyttelton, Mr. Elliot, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Calvert, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte; or any Five of them; And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, Nomine contradicente. That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration certain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; to discontinue the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to prohibit the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour; and also certain Clauses in an Act made in the same Session, whereby the Importation of Corn and Flour was permitted to be made in Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships, and Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Flour, were allowed to be transported to the Isle of Man, during the Times therein respectively limited. /

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Northumberland, in the room of Sir William Middleton, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ipswich, intheCounty of Suffolk, in the room of Edward Vernon, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleCHag of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, in the room of the Right honourable Heneage Finch, Esquire, commonly called Lord GuernJ'ey3 now Earl of Aylesford, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chepping IVicomb, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of John Walter, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the^Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parl iament for the Borough of Weobley, in the Count y of Hereford, in the room of Savage Mojlyn, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, in the room of John Yorke, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Southampton

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, in the room of Hans Stanley, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town and County of the said Town, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Veneris, 2° die Decembris;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757.

Pray e rs.

f\RDERED, That the Grand Committee for Religion do lit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Dupplin, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Geo. Onfow, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Smith, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gore, Mr. Baynlun, Lord Downe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wig-ley, Mr. Dick inf on, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hales, Mr. Lockyer, Sir John Cust, Mr. Sandys, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Wilkes, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Potter, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Hardinge, the Marquis of Granby^ Mr. Attorney General, Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Gaftny, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Mabbott, Sir Ludowick Grant, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Poore, Sir Piercy Brett, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Prozije, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Fane, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Martin, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Pturner. Lord North, Mr. Gore, Lord Malpas, Mr. Charles Townshend, Colouel A Court, Mr. Kynaston, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Archer, Lord Regifier of Scotland, Mr. Pelham, Sir Armine Wodehouse: And they are to meet upon Monday Fortnight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may

come

Maid (ton* Writ.

Chepping

Wicoiitb

Writ.

Weobley

Writ.

Richmond

Writ.

Grand

Committees.

Committee

of

Privileges

and

Elections.

31 Geo. II.

come inquestion, touching Returns, Elections, and Prir vileges; and to proceed upon doubleReturns in the First place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon to the House, from time to time: And ail Persons who will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Throe Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question touching the Return, Election,or Matter of Privilege,ofany Member, lie is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And all Members returned upon double Returns are to withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Controverted Rrfolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections Elections. for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient time, to be appointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lifts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members, giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distingnishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

dual Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right

Orders. £Pve his Vote in the Elediou of any Member to serve in Parliament.

5

Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of UiV.ai Custody, without the special Order of the House. Order*

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Anns attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up;

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof* while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables and other Officers of Middlesexand Westminsterdo take Care, that from Eleven, of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from Four to Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple-bar and Westminster-hallilmil be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars* Drays, Cart's, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminsterdiall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westmidfier-, and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

2 Decembr.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order SatisfadLon to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be ele$ed or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness in,respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall fee, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Vol. 284

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into His Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post-Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House; and also on every Monday, Wednesclay, and Friday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters asfliaJI remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post-master General,

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet directed to this House shall come to Mr. Speaker, ke do open the

C fame.

L.

Usual

Orders.

Eye

Writ.

Address on the King’s Speech.

6 20 Decembris. A. 1757*

fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, raging and fapprefling such Abuses, and for preventing with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communi- the Causes of the like Mischiefs hereafter, cated to the House. The fair! Address being read a Second Time;

M\efolved, Nemins contradicenle, That t be House doth Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this agree with the Committee in the said Address to be House do, from time to time, when the House is going presented to his Majesty.

to Prayers, give Notice thereof tp all Committees; and Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his

that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after Majesty by the whole House,

such Notice, be declared to be null and void. Ordered, That such Members of this House as areof

his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council, do hutn-Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, be- bly know his Majesty’s Pleasure when he will beating first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint tended by this House. the Printing thereof: And that no Person, but such as

he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame. Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to TV King's

both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration Speech to be Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for Tomorrow Morning. considered.

private Bills, after the nth Day of February next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to F.xporratftn Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Corn, ta, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for take into Consideration certain Laws, made in the iaft the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present. Parlia- Session of Parliament, to prohibit the Exportation of ment for the Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, Com, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, in the room of Courthope Clayton Esquire, who, since to discontinuetheDutiesuponCorn and Flour-imported, his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread* Biscuit, and Flour,

Office of Avener and Clerk Marshal to his Majesty. taken from the Enemy; and to prohibit the making of

low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or The Lord Royjston reported from the Committee, ap- any other Sort of Grain, or* from any Meal or Flour; pointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented and also certainClauses in an Act made in the same Se fa to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn lip an fion, whereby the Importation of Corn and Flour was Address accordingly; which they had directed him to permitted to be made into Great Britain and Ireland in report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, neutral Ships, and Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Flour, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; were allowed to be transported to the Isle of Man, where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. during the Times therein respeclivoJv limited;

APetition of the Mayor, Magistrates, and Merchants, Ditto.

Most gracious Sovereign, . t of Liverpool, on behalf of thomfdves, Subscribers there-

We,your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, to, and the rest of the Inhabitants of that Borough, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament afa was presented to the House, and read; compiaining of sembled, return your Majesty our humble Thanks for the present high Prie e of Wheat, and other Grain, and your most gracious Speech from the Throne. expressing the Fear of the Petitioners that the same will

We beg Leave toaffure your Majesty, that this House continue to rife, unless the Time for the Importation of fees with the deepest Concern the Success of your Ma- foreign Corn, Duty-free, be prolonged, or some salutary jesty’s Arms so unequal to the Justice of your Cause, Meal u res betaken by Parliament to prevent Corn being and to the Extent and Vigour of the Measures formed engrossed by Dealers^therein, and its going through so for that Purpose. many Hands as it now does; and submittingto t he great

Your faithful Commons firmly rely, that as your Ma- Wisdom of this MoufeatotalProhibition of the Distilling, jesty, in your royal Justice, has endeavoured to trace the andexporting of all Grain, during the high Prices thereof:

Causes of pad Disappointments, your Majesty will also. And therefore praying the House will take the Premises in your high Wisdom, open better Hopes of future Pro- into immediate Consideration, and grant the Pc 0:0:1-sperities, by invigorating our Enterprises, and animating ers such a feasonable Relief, by a Continuance of a free the Attempts of the B?'itish Arms, and in this Confidence Importation of Corn, and taking such other cffettu.il they will chearfully fiqypsrt your Majesty in the utmost Means to reduce and keep down the growing Price of Efforts for the Security of your Kingdoms, and for the Corn, as shall Teem most meet and necessary.

Recovery and Protection of the Posseflious and Rights Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

of your Crown and Subjects in America and elsewhere, Consideration of the said Committee, as well by the strongest Exertion of your Majesty’s Na- Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee,

val Force, as by all other adequate Methods. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Permit us to allure your Majesty, that your faithful Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of Commons, excited by Zeal for the Protestant Cause and the Committee, the Liberties of Europe, do, with most unfeigned Joy, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. ‘

humbly offer their Congratulations to your Majesty on Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the

the late signal Success in Germany; and that they will Committee, That they iiad directed him to move the vigorously and effectually enable your Majesty to ira- House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for con-prove the happy Turn of Affairs there, and in particular tmuing certain Laws, made in the Iaft Session of Parlia-to support your good Ally the King of Prussia in such a ment, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, manner as the Magnanimity and unexampled Efforts of Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for pro-that great Prince, in Defence of the religious and civil hibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Liberties of Europe, deserve and require. Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or

Wefhould be wanting to ourselves, and to those we from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Traiffportation represent,not to acknowledge with all dutiful Gratitude of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Isle your Majesty’s paternal and feasonable Care for the inte- of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for rior Tranquillity and Safety of your Subjects, in having reviving and continuing an Act made in tine same Sefa been graciously pleased to recommend to us to do our fion, for {hfcontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour Part for maintaining the Laws and lawful Authority, imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, against that Spirit of Disorder which has shewn itself and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the amongst the lower People in some Parts of the Kingdom, Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and and we will not fail in due time to take into our most Ireland in neutral Ships, serious Consideration the properest Methods for difeou- And he moved the House accordingly.

23 Ordered,

0 Decembris.

Assize

of

Bread, tec.

Exportation cd Cprn, Uc.

Exportation

of

Corn, ice.

31 Geo. II. j° — 3

7

Ordered, Nemine contradiccntc, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing certain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, tmd Starch; and for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Traufportation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session, for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and uponCorn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Dupplin, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Potter, Mr Bayntun, Mr. Alderman Dick infan, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Jarrit Smith, and Mr, Pole, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The House was vnoyed, That an Act, made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of King Henry the Third, intituled. The Prices of Bread and AJe shall be according to the Prices of Com; and affo,

An Act, made in the Eighth’ Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to regulate the Price find Aifize of Bread; might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

Ordered, Nemine contra dice ate. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof.

Ordered, Mr. AldermanDickinfan, Sir John Phi-lipps, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Potter, and Mr, Bayntun, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing pertain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament, for pro- hibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour-; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat, Farley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Hie of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session, for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships; and the same was received, and rend the First time.

Refoked, That the Bill be read a Second time.

my; and to permit the Importation of Cornjand Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships; was read a Secon time.

Refoked, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be comm itted to a Committee of the whole House.

ReJ'olved, That this House \yili, upon Monday Morn-, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Justices, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Affix® Freeholders,of the County of Huntingdon^ was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Laws now *c' in being, to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, are near expiring; and, if continued in their present Form, are apprehended not to be effectual to anfvyer the good Pur poles intended by the Legislature for the Relief of the Poor: And therefore praying. That the House will ' take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief as it shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes be added to the Gen- ©ittp, tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the due making of Broad, and to regu}a|e th§

Price and Assize thereof.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and the High rest of the Common Council, of the Town of Newcastle pi (Jrajn, upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, was pre-r fented to the House, and read; alleging, That the wifq Regulations made by Parliament in the last Session, did, > in the Opinion of the Petitioners, preyent a Pearth of Corn in that Part of the Kingdom, and that the Prices of all Sorts of Grain are at this time very high: Abd therefore praying the House to take the Premiles into Consideration, and order such Relief to the Necessities of the Poor, in that respect, as shall seem meet.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town Ditto, of Neivcaflle upon Tyne., in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was also presented to the House, and read; expressing the dutiful Thanks of the Petitioners for the Regulations made in the last Session of Parliament, to prevent the Exportation, and encourage the Importation of Corn, and-to flop the Diitilling of Corn; and representing to the House, that the Price of all Sorts of Grain is at this time high; And there-? fore praying, That the House will again take this Matter into Consideration, and make such Rules and Orders for reducing the Prices of Grain, as to them shall feern meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to liq upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 30 die Decembris;

Anno 31* Georgii JI" Regis, *757. Prayers.

A Bill for continuing certain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Com, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the lfle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session, for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, take# from the Ener Vql. 1$.

The Order of the Day being read; v-

The House proceeded to take into Consideration his The King1* Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Par- Speech liament. ' confuted,

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted Sunniv to his Majesty; Pp/f

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Jioufe, to consider of that Motion.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That Address his Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the on the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know his Majesty s King’* Pleasure, when he would be pleased to be attended by pccc^ this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended immediately at his Palace of Saint James.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Account of Corn, kc. exported.

A Member takes Oaths.

Account of Corn, &c. exported.

Cirencester

Roads.

.\:q

8

5° Decembris. A. 1757*

Dunce, 5* £& Decembris;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757. Prayers.

THE House being informer], That Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of all Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, that have been exported to any Place whatsoever by virtue or in pursuance of any of the Liberties or Powers thereby given or granted in the Act for that Purpose passed in the last Session of Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for ftiofe Purposes;

The Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing certain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Isle of Many for the Ul’eof the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session, for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships; is committed.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of tins SelTioii.

A Petition of the Trustees named and appointed in and by virtue of the several Acts of Parliament herein after-mentioned, and of the Inhabitants of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, and of several other Parishes and Places of and in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting Two Acts of Parliament, One pafl’ed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Cirencester Town’s End to St. John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester; the other made in the 15th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the aforesaid Act; and alleging, that the Road, by the said Acts intended to be repaired, lies in a deep and foun-deroiis Country; and that, on the making of the said firiLmeutioned Act, Two Turnpikes were set up, and have been ever ft nee kept, on the said Road; and that the Sum of £. 1700, borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, has been laid out, as well as the said Tolls, after paying the intereftof the said Money, in repairing the said Road; but that the Trustees are not impowered to take more than OneToil once in a Day at both the Turnpikes upon the said Road; and that, by the latter of the said Acts, the Inhabitants of the several Parillies of Slier bourn, Far-mington, Turkdean, Bourtonon the Water, and its Hamlets of Slaughter, Northleach, Hampnet, Eastinglon, Coin St. Dennis, Coin Rogers, Bibury and its Hamlets, Barn/'-ley, and A {('worth, are to pass and repass on the said Road Toll-free; by reason whereof, and of Carriages travelling on broad Wheels being exempted from paying any Tolls, and not being restrained in Weight, the said Roads are uiispeakably damaged and worn, and the Tolls are little more than fufticieut to pay the Charges of collecting, and the Interest of the said Sum of £.1700, which now remains due, and are infinitely ihort of being sufficient *7

to put or keep the said Road in Repair; so that the same is now very rnuch’ou t of Repair and founderous,ard cannot be put or kept in Repair without a further Supply of Money, additional Tolls, and the Statute-duties of the several Parillies and Places through which the find Road leads: And letting forth, That the Street or Road, leading from a Place called the High Cross at Cl-rencester, to the Town’s End aforesaid, and which leads into the said Road, is much out of Repair, and cannot be properly repaired by the Laws now in Force, or by the Inhabitants of the Parishes through which the same leads, they being for the most Part very poor: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the latter of the aforesaid Acts, as directs that the Inhabitants of the said several Pa-rifties and Hamlets,*above particularly mentioned, may pass and repass on the said Road Toll-free; and that the Trustees named and appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, by virtue of the said Acts, may be impowered to take the Tolls, by the latter of the said Acts directed to be taken, at each of the aforesaid Turnpikes, or at any other Two Turnpikes that, by virtue of the said Acts, shall be erected or set up on the said Road, in any one Day, or other additional Tolls that shall be thought reasonable and sufficient; and that the said Street or Road leading from the Place called the High Cross in Cirencester to the said Town’s End, and into the said Road by the said Acts intended to be repaired, may be taken into the said Acts, and may be repaired and kept in Repair in the same Manner, and by the (lime Powers and Authorities, by which the said other Road is thereby provided and directed to be repaired; and that the Qualifications of the acting Trustees, and the Terms and Powers ment ioned in the said Acts, may be enlarged, and such further and other Relief given in the Premilcs, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dawney, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Daniel Boone, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Prozcfe, Sir /Valter Blackett., Mr. Charles Boone, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Wilkhifon, Admiral Bofcazven, Mr. Bowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bridgman, Sir John Cust, Mr. Walpole, Colonel George Bofcazven, Mr. Ladogan, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. James Brude nell. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Robert Brudcnell, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Cartzvright, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Potter, Mr. Gore, Mr. Affleck, Sir Charles Mordauxt, Mr.'Cooke, Mr. Poore, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Plainer, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Calvert, Mr. John Calvert, Sir Geo. Mon!gage nj Met ham, Mr. Churchill, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Peachey, Lo rd George Cavendish, M r. Hu gen' j u 11 i o r, Lo id Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Lejlie, the Karl of Tho mend, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Aldzcorth, Mr. Del aval, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Sjnionds, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Procter, Mr. Fane, Lord Dupplin; and ali the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wills, Berks, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Speaker reported, Tkat the House upon Saturday last, attended his Majesty with their AddreTs; to which his Majesty was pleased to srive this most "radons Answer: "

Gentlemen,

I return you my Thanks for your dutiful and afleftion-ate Addrel's, and for this unanimous Mark of your Zeal for the Honour of my Crown, and the Support of the common Cause, and particularly of my good Brother and Aliy the King of Prussia.'

You may depend on my conitant Endeavours for the Safety and Welfare of my Kingdoms, and for the Preservation of the Liberties of Europe.

The

The King'* Answer to Addrefn


31 Geo. II.

5° — 6* De

The Order of the Day being read; for the Mouse td resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s in oft, gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. v

Mr. Charlton took the Chair Of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That, they had come t.o a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House Will please toreceivC the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-thorroW Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read \

Exportation Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

rif Com, kc, refolVe itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing certain Laws, made in the last Sefifon of Parliament for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flodr, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and forprohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any otherSort of Grain,

or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transporiation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and’Flour, to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there i and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the fameSef-iiou, for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour* taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Uugent have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, Nomine contradicente, That this House will* upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take-in to Consideration the present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

And then the House acfjoured till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Account of

Greenland

Whale

Fisherj,

ffigh Price of Grain,&c.

Accounts ftfpefling East India Trade.

Martis, 6# die Decembris;

Anno 31* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That some ..of tl.§ Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door; ,

They were called in; and, at . the Bar,' presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods brought into the East India Warehouses in St. Helen's, in the Port of* London, linee Michaelmas 1756; also’ what have been exported from that time, and what remained at Michaelmas 1757: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods brought into the East India Warehouses at Leadenhall and Billiter Lane; in the Port of London, lince Michaelmas 1756; also what have been exported from that time,1 and what remained at Michaelmas 1757: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in his Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London at Michaelmas 175S; what have been fmee brought in, what exported, as also What remained at Michaelmas 1757: And also,

N°4% An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be wore in this Kingdom in the respective Warehotffes> Vou. 28,

in the Out-ports at Michaelmas17*56, what have teen since brought iri; what exported, as also what remained ht Michaelmas 1757 :And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Gbt>d$ which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at St;

Helen's, Leadenhall, Billiter Lane, and Custom-house, ill the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1756, in order to be dyed, glazed, &c. what have been returned, and what remained out, of the said Warelibufes at Michaelmas 1757: And also, ‘

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from; Accounts Ruftict into the Pdrt of London, from Michaelmas 1756 of Russia to Michaelmas 1757: And also, ‘ Naval Stores.

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from jtlujjid into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1756 to Michaelmas 1757!

And also;, ..

N° 8, Ah Account of the Number of Ships which Rave been employed in the Whale Fishery to' Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged* and also What Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported; in the Year 1757,

And then they withdreiv. t

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. , "

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amohgft (he other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Gen- Exportation tlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Clothiers, and other pri:,ci- °* ^orn> pal Inhabitants,of the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York-, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the excessive high PriCe of Corn in those Parts; and taking Notice, that the several Laws made the last Session, for prohibiti ng the Exportation of Corn, and the distilling of Spirits from Grain; are near expiring.; and expressing the Mope of the Petitioners, that the House will take the Pfemifes into Consideration, and, by continuing the said Laws for a further limited Time, or bj^ such other Ways and Means as to the House shall feerri meet, to remedy the present excessive Price of Com, and prevent the like for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing certain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the exportation of Corn, Maltj Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Sta'rchJ, and fof prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat;

Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the TranspOrtation of Wheat;

Barley, Oats* Meas, and Flour, to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session, for dj(continuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland ii% neutral Ships j is committed.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, and otherPersons,

Whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near, and travelling on, the Roads therein after mentioned, lyingin the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Highways leading from Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County, through the several Parithesof South Brent, Ug~ borough, Harford, Ermington, Plympfon Saifit Mary, Plympton Maurice, Egg, Buckland, and the Tithing of Compton Gifford, to a Place thereat or near Lipfon Bridge, where the Road in the saidTvthing of Compton Gifford ends, and meets, the Road belonging to the Parish of Charles in the Borough of Plymouth, irf the said County, are, in several Parts thereof, become Very incommodious and dangerous for T ravellers, and in the Winter and rainy

D Sfeafons

Brent

Eri.dzC

Roads,’

Wells

Writ.

Lyme

Regis

Roads.

io

Seafdns impaflkble for Wheel Carriages; and, as the same cannot be repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Methods appointed by Law, therefore praying the House to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for the repairing and amending the Laid Roads, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem proper and reasonable.

Ordered, Thatthe said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Fe llowes, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Prozvfe, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Francis Dafiwood, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Archer, Mr. Gore, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Pturner, Lord Parker, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Polo, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Smith, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Bowes, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Mabbott, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Aldxofth, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gq/luy, Mr. Tucker, Doctor Hay, Mr. Hume, Lord North, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Affleck, Sir Roger Nexodigate; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Dor/el, Somerset and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Wells, in the room of the Right honourable Edward Lord Digby, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, and of the Counties of Dorset and Devon, whoseNames are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the high Roads leading from the Alms-house at the West End of Charmouth, in the said County of Dorset, to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the same County, and through the several Parishes, Villages, or Hamlets, and Places following, to wit, Uply me, Axmouth, Culliford, in the Parish of Culliton Seaton, other Part of the Parish of CW/zVctz aforesaid, and Hangmans Stone, to the East End of a Lane called Radice otherwise Viny Lane, in the said Parish of Culliton, and from thence to Trowe, in the Parish of Salcombe, otherwise Salcombe Regis, Sidford, in the Parish of Sidbury, Sidmouth, Ilardford, Newton, Popleford, in the Parish of Ay lejbear, to the Western Side of Ayle/bear Hill, in the said County of Devon, leading to the City of Exeter, to meet the Exeter Turnpike Road; and from the East End of Radice otherwise Viny Lane aforesaid, through the same Lane, to, through, and by, the several Parities, Villages, Hamlets, or Places following, to wit, Battlefis, Roncoms Gurt, other Part of the said Parish of Sidbury,amd St. Mary Oltery, to Straitway Head, otherwise SlretwoodHead, in the Parish of Whimple, and from Saint Mary Ottery aforesaid, to the Way-post in the said Parish of Whimple, leading to the City of Exeter, and at and from the said Borough of Lyme Regis, to and through other Part of the said Parish of Uplyme, to the Way-stone beyond Uplyme Hid, in the same Parish; are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and veryfteep and uneven, and, by reason of the Waters in the Winter Season, unpayable at divers Places, and very dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the present Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectually repairing, wn dening, levelling, and keeping in Repair, and making the

14

A 1757.

said Roads passable at all ^imes and Seasons, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to thetn, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Fane, Mr. Henry Fane, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. West, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Olmius, Mr. AIdworth, Sir William Calvert,

Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Trowje, Mr. Kynaston, General Holmes, Mr. Ofbaldejton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pole, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Plainer, Mr. Weflfaling, Mr. Tucker> Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Fullert Mr. Harvey, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Smith, Mr. Montagu, Sir James Creed, Mr. Mabbott, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Great-heed, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Webb, Lord Downe, Mr. Cocks,

Lord Verney, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Town-field, Mr. Delaval, Sir Geo. Montgomery Metham, Mr.

Wilkes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Molyneux, Sir Win. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Butler, Mr. Hill, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Lowndes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Account of the Quantity of Grain and Meal imported of Grain, into this Kingdom since Michaelmas 1756, distinguish- . ing the several Species, and the Places from whence 1 brought, and at which imported.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday lait.

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee’of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1758, with the Half-pay Officers of Estimate* the Navy, be laid before this House. ordered.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1758, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards,

Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1758, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who are to be on Half-pay for the Year 1758, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of Out-pensioners of Chetfca Hospital, for the Year 1758.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account belaid before this House, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1757 have been disposed of, distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That au Account be laid before this House, shewing bowthe Monies arisen within the respective Half Years euding at the 5th Day of April 1757, and the 10th

Day

6° Decemhris.

11

6° — 7° Decemms.

31 Geo. II.

Day of 0 Bober 1757, as well of, or for, the Excess of Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of, or for, the Fxcefs or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of, or for, the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the General Fund*

Refolded', That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that lie will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty byfnch Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council,

Exportation The other Order of the Day being read, for the House of Corn, See. to reiolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing certain Laws, made in the Lit Session of Parliament,.for prohibiting the Exportation of Com, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session, for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, authorizing his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to permit, in case of Exigency, the Exportation of such Quantities of the Commodities mentioned in the Bill, as may be necessary for the only Use, Supply, and Suftentation, of any Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, or of thofeof his Majesty’s Allies acting in Support of the Common Cuiife.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, prohibiting, for a limited Time, the Payment of any Bounty upon the Exportation of any of the said Commodities.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and the rest of the Common Council, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, ill the County of the d own of Nezvcajile upon Tyne, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com--xn it tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the I louse will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he now received.

Mr. Charlton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place *, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

House The Lord Barrington, Secretary at War, informed the iformrd of House, That he was commanded by the King to acquaint iin^undtr l^e House, that Lieutenant General Sir John Mor daunt, Arrest. VoL. z8.

a Member of this House, is io Arrest fey the King’s Command, for Disobedience of his Majesty’s Orders while employed on the late Expedition to the Coast of France.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. Than an humble Ad* dress be presented to his Majesty, returning him the Thanks of this House for his gracious Message of this Day, and for his tender Regard to the Privileges of this House in the Communication which he has been pleased to make to this House, of the Reason for putting Lieie* tenant General Sir John Mdrdaunt in arrest.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to hifc Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 7* die Detembris;

Anno 310 Georgii lidl ftegis, 1757.

Prayers.

THE Earl of Thomond reported to the House, iTmt Presenting their Address of Yesterday, returning his Majesty of Addrest the Thanks of this House for his gracious Message, and for his tender Regard to the Privileges of this House, in a Member she Communication which he was pleased to make to reported, thife House, of the Reason for putting Lieutenant General Sir John Mordaunt in Arrest, had been presented to his Majesty, and that his Majesty was pleased tp receive the same very graciously.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That Answer their Address of Yesterday, that his Majesty would be to Address graciously pleased to give Directrons, that the Estimates, fot Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty, and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the Justices of the Pe&ce, Gentlemen, Magarto Clergy, Freeholders, Land-owners, arid others, of the Chepstow Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, whose Names are Road* thereunto subscribed, for themselves, and on behalf of many others, was presented to the House, and read; set* ting forth, That t he Roads from the Village of Magor to the Bridge Foot, in the Town of Chepstow, thenc* through Saint Aryans, overthe Devaudon, through Rag* lan, t hrough the Parish of Lanvihangel juxta UJk, by the Church of Langotlock juxta UJk, through the Town of Abergavenny, by Lanwenarth Church, to the Four Mile Stone, the End of the said Parish, in the high Road tp Brecon, and from the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chep-ftoio,:through the Towns of Lidney, Blaktny, and Nezvn-ham, to a Place called Hawkins Pill, in the County of Gloucester, in the Road from Chepstow to Gloucester, and from a Parting in the said Road at the Cross Lanes on the Top of Tutchill, to a Place called the Old Pa'stagt House, in the County of Gloucester, and from a Placb, called the New Pqstage to Crick, through Slilrenew ton, over Itton's Common, to the Devaudon Green, and from a Place on the Devaud&n, where the Roads to Abergavenny and Monmouth part,'to Lanijhen s Cross, and froiA the New Pastage to Saint Peers Park Wall* thenefe through the Village of Caerwent and Town of Newport, by Tredeage r, through Cast let own Saint Melous to Romney Bridge, in the said County of Monmouth\ and from the Village of Caerzcent, by Penycaemaur, through Lantriftent, UJk, Troftrey, through Clytha, tp Tregares Church, through Lanarth, Llantheuy, /?y-therch, through Abergavenny, Llanvetherine, to a Place called Travellers Seat, in the Road to Skenfreth; and from Bedwas Bridge, in the County of Monmouth, tp Bqffalegg Bridge, through Newport, by Malpas and Llantarnam, to the Head of LLantamam Lane, in the high Road from Abergavenny to Pont y Poo{\ and from Rjfca, through Newport, to St. Julians, to

Ragland to Uflce Roads.

12

Decembrist

A.

1757'

-theTown of Ckerfcoh; and from Christ Church, through Caerleou, by a Place called the Red Lane, to Pont}} Pool, and from a Place called the Cross Roads, at the Bottom of Mamilad Hill, in the Road leading to Polity Pool, to Ujk, over Llanellen Bridge, through the Town of Abergavenny, through the Parish of Llantillio Pert holey, thro* Llanv than gel Cr u co rue v ,t o a Place'called Llangue Bridge, In i he Road leadingtoi/e/r/hrd;and from Bedwas Bridge, -on the River Romney, in the Count y of Monmouth, to P nthloyne, by Pont Cramhfn, over a Hill called Keveny Crib'; through Pont y Pool, by Monks Woodhouse Gate, through the Parish of GuerneJ'ne}}, to a Place called the Four Ashes, in the high Road to Monmouth; and from the End of the Parish of Llanelly, in the high R >act to Bream; through Llaifoi/I,through Abergutoenny, by Llanvapley, to a Place called the Olinen, in the high Road to Monmouth, and from Abergavenny, by Llan-foi/ti to Llanellen- Bridge-, and from Ujk Bridge, in the County of Monmouth, by Langibby, through fdaerleon, thence by Kemey's Inferior, to the Parish Church of Lantrijfent; are in so ruinous and founderous a Condition, and in many Places so narrow, that it is very dangerous for Horses and Carriages to pass through the fame; and that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Roads lead,are incapable, by the ordinary course of Law, effectually to repair, and keep the same in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repair-, ing and keeping in Repair the said Roads, in such a manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Berkeley, Mr-Fellowcs, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Olmius, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Butler, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Poore, Lord Gage, Mr. Bowes, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gore, Mr. Plamer, Mr. Thor of on, Mr. Ward, Mr. Thomas Morgan, junior, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lyjter, Mr. Archer, Mr.* Colebrooke, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Ofbaldeston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. My deletion, Mr. Rice, Mr. Hoivard, Colonel Whitmore, Admiral Griffin, Mr. WeJL fating. Lord Thomond, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Bernard, Mr. Chauncy Tozonjhend, Mr. Pole, Mr. Prubyn, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Gibbons, Lord Parker, Mr. Morton, Sir William Owen, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Thomas Fane; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, and Hereford, and for South Wales; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land-owners, and others, the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Ragland, Landenny, Brungwin, Dingiftow, Tregare, Lantilo, Grojfenne, Penrofe, Lanvichangell and Ujlce, and others in their Neighbourhood, in the County of Mon-7nouth,\\hokNames are thereunto subscribed, for themselves, and on behalf of many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Poll Road from Ragland to Ujke is in a bad and founderous Condition; and that the Inhabitants of the several Parillies, through which the said Road leads, are incapable, by the.ordinary Course directed by Law, effectually to repair and keep the same in Repair; and alleging, that

the Petitioners ufiderstanding that a Bill is intended to be applied for to the House, to repair and keep in Repair other Roads in their Neighbourhood in the fame?

County ,: Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to add thereto a Clause for repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road leading from the Village of Ragland to the TovVn of Ujke, ill such a manner as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, Thtit the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee; to whom the preceding Petition is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

.An.in grasse.d Bill for continuing certain Laws, made hi Exportation the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Ex- Corn, &c. portation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, 13 i feu it, and Starch; and for prohibiting themaking oflow Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any otherSo'rt of Grain,or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Tran Importation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Wteof Man for the life of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session, for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread,

Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and V lour i nto Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships; was read the Third time.

Rejoiced, Nemine conttadiccnte, That t he Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Title be An Act forcontinuingcer-tain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour,

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley,

Malt, or any other Sort of Grain,or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat, Barley, Oats,

Meal, and Flour, to thelfle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in thefameSeffjon,fordifcontiiming the Dutiesupon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal,

Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships; and to authorize his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order and permit the Exportation of such Quantities of the Commodities aforesaid, as may be necessary for the Suf-tentation of any Forces in the Pay of Great Britain,orof those of his Majesty’s Allies acting in Support of the comipon Cause; and to prohibit th^ Payment of any Bounty upon the Exportation of any of the said Commodities; to be made during the Continuance of this Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimateof t.he Charge of the Guards, Garrifens, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, for the Year 1758; and also,

Estimateof the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Gibraltar, for the Year 1758; and also,;

Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot on the Irish Eftaolishment, serving in North America and the Raft Indies, for the Year 1758; and also, Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers* and Officers of the Hospitals, for the Year 1758.

And the 11 ties of the said Estimates were read.

The laid Estimates are as followeth'j viz.

Estimates

prefemed.

Estimate

"^ by

3i Geo. II.

7° Decembr.

13

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garri foils, and other his Majesty's Land Forces/ in Great Britain, for the Year 175-8.

Horse

First Troop of Life Guards -Second D® -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards -Second D° - -

B Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

r First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second D°

Third D* - -

Royal Regiment of Dragoons Lieutenant General Campbell's ' -Dragoons^ Earl of Albemarle's -

Sir Robert Rich's

Lieutenant General Cholmondetoy's Sir John Cope's -Sir John Mordaunt's - -

Earl otAncram's -

r First Regiment of Foot Guards Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards Third Regiment of Foot Guards -Colonel Howard's Regiment ’* -Colonel Duroure's "

Lieutenant General Wolfe's Major General Bocland's *- -

Major General ~Napi&r's "» -

Lord George Beauclerck's Colonel Kingsley's -Lieutenant General Hujke's Major General Cornwallis's -Major General Holmes's ~-

Major General Leighton's J -Lord Charles Hay's - -

Earl of Effingham's - *« -

Lord Robert Manners's - -

Major General Stuart's

Foot (

Invalids

Lord George Bentinck's Colonel Amherffis Earl of Home's -Earl of Loudoun's Colonel Hodgson's -

Colonel Brudenell's -

Lord Charles Manners's t

Colonel Parsons's Regiment -41 Independent Companies -

Garrifqns, with Fire and Candle -Contingencies upon Account

Total

Numbers.

181

181

177

176

'418

642

453

453

453

453

453

453

453

453

453

453

2,285

1.468

1.468

2.067

2.067

2.067

2.067 2^067

2.067

2.067

2.067

2.067

2.067

2.067

2.067

2.067

2.067

2.067

1.034

1.034

1.034

1,034.

1>°34

I>°34

I>°34

755

3>253

M33

5 >I72

43>464

4,008

53,777

Pay of the Troops

and Regiments' for 365 Days.

£ s. d.

17,605 3 4

17,605 3 4

10,870 18 4

I°>743 3 4

30,5 71 »5 10

'29.335 7' 1

20,903 17 1

20,903 *7 1

20,903 17 1

2°,9o3 *7 1

20,903 17 1

20,903 17 1

20,903 J7 1

20,903 r7 1

20,903 17 1

20,903 17 1

55.4io — 10

35.946 8 4

36,001 3 4

36.153 5 —

36.153 5

36.153 5 —

36.153 5 —

'30,153 5 —

36,153 5' — *'

36,153 5 —

36,153 5: —

36,153 5 —

36,153 5 —

36,153 5 —

36,153 5 - —

36,153 5 ' —

36,i5'3 5 ' —

36,153 5 —

18,329 1 8

'18,329 1 8

18,329 1 8

18,329 1 8

18,329 1 8

18,329 1 8

18,329 1 ' 8

12,583 7 6

49.754 r 3

37>3oi 8 6

"30,060 — —

L

TOTAL.

£. S. d.

87,396 4

238,373 17

797*959 19

62*337 8 9

67,301 8 6

1^53,368 18 6

Exclusive of General and Staff Officers_and_Hospital. War-Office, ’

5th December 1757.

Barrington*

Vol 28.

ESTIMATE

u

ESTIM ATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces

7® Decembris. 1757-

in the Plantations and Gibraltar, for the \ear 1758.

In the PLANTATIONS.

2d Battalion of the Royal Regiment of Foot Colonel Forbes's -Colonel Whitmores's -

Lord Blakeney's - - t

Lieutenant General Bragg s -Lieutenant General Otway's -Colonel Ross's Major General Hopfon's Lord John Murray's -Major General Kennedy 9 -

Major General War bur ton's -Miyor General Murray's Colonel Waljh's -Lord Howe's -

Royal American Regiment - -

Lieutenant Colonel Montgomery's Highland Battalion Lieutenant Colonel Frafer's Highland Battalion Lieutenant Colonel Draper's Battalion -four Companies at New York One Company at Bermudas - "

One Company in the Iflaijd of Providence Three Companies at South Carolina

Garrifonsat Annapolis Royal, Halifax, Placentia, and St. John's - -

Officers serving with the Forces in North America Officers of the Hospital for the Forces in North America Contingencies upon Account

At GIBRALTAR Lieutenant General Guise's Regiment Lieutenant General Pulteney's Colonel Jeffreys's

Earl of Pamnure's -

Lord Robert Bertie's -

Colonel Whitmore's) -

Colonel Grey's -Sir David Cunningham's

Officers of the Garrison, Sic. -Provisions for Colonel Hopfon's Regiment at Nova Scotia and Newfoundland, deducing 4d. per Diem out of the Subsistence of each Non-commission Officer and private Man, towards that Expence. Remains to be borne by the Government Provisions for Major General War bur ton's Regiment at Nova Scotia Provisions for late Major General Ofarrell's Regiment -

Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar Provisions for the Independent Company at Providence

Total

ar-Office, 5th December 1757.

1 Numbers*

1,145

815 -

1,145 -

815 -

815 -

1,145 -

815 -

1,145 -

1,487 -

815 -

1,145 -

815 -

1,153 -

815 -

4>5Sl

1,487 -

1,487 -

1,035 -

445

5 8 -

150 -

345 23,658

815 ' s

8i5

815

815

815

815

815

815 6,520

i 1 - -

30,178

Pay of the Regiments, &c. for 365 Days.

£ s- d.

i9>9!9 i7 6

15,217 9 2

20,175 7 6

15,217 9 2

i5>217 9 2

20,175 7 6

i5>217 9 2

2o,i75 7 6

25,960 12. 6

15,217 9 2

20,175 7 6

i5>2'7 9 2

20,704 12 6

15,217- 9 2

80,957 — —

25,796 7 6

25,796 7 6

18,210 9 2

7,141 16 8

!.°49 7 6

2,466 15 10

6,83° 17 6

15.217 9

W17 9 15>2i 7 9 *15,217 9

i5»3Sl 14

I5>217 9

15.217 9

15.217 9

total.

d.

421,057 18 4

2,870 12 8,258 2

3*4;21 2,000

17

6

6

6

121,90318 4

4,20517 3

3,843 ii

3,843 211

3,843 211

48,000 —

456 5 —

59,98513 9

.* & 623,704 0 a

Barrington.

estimate

3iGeo. IL 2° — 3 ° Dy

Ordered\ Nemine contradicente, That Leave bo given to bring in a Bill for continuing certain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit* and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Isle ot'Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session, for discontinuing the Duties upon Com and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Dupplin, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Potter, Mr Bayntnn, Mr. Alderman Die kin fan. Sir Ellis Cnnliffe, Mr. Jarrit Smith, and Mr, Pole, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Assize The House was moyed, That an Act, made in the of Fifty first Year of the Reign of King Henry the Third, Bread, UC’ intituled. The Prices of Bread and Ale shall be according to the Prices of Com; and also,

An Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anntintituled, An Act to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread; might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

Ordered, Nemine contra dice ate. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Potter, and Mr. Bayntun, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Exportation Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the t4 Com, Uc. House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing certain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament, for pro* hibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat, Bar? ley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session, for diiconti-nuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships; and the same was received, and rend the First time.

Refoked, That the Bill be read a Second time.

my; and to permit the Importation of Command Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships > wa? read a Secon; time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House >yill, upon Monday Morn-, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Justices, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Laws now in being, to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, are near expiring; and, if continued in their present Form, are apprehended not to be effectual to answer the good Purposes intended by the Legislature for the Relief of the Poor: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Confiaeration, and grant such Relief as it fimli think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon tfieTubte.

Affite

of

c,

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes be added to the Gen- 8itt*f tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the due making of Bread, and to reguja^e tfi$

Price and Assize thereof.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and the High Priga rest of the Common Council, of the Town of Newcastle <?1 tfrajn, upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, was pre*

Tented to the House, and read; alleging, That the wifq Regulations made by Parliament in the last Session, did, in the Opinion of the Petitioners* prevenf a Dearth of Corn in that Part of the Kingdom, and that the Prices of all Sorts of Grain are at this time very high: Apd therefore prayi.itz the House to take the Premises into Confident ion, and order such Relief to the Npcefiitie§ of the Poor, in that respect, as shall seem meet.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town Ditto, of Newcastle upon Tyne., in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was also presented to the House, and read; expressing the dutiful Thanks of the Petitioners for the Regulations made in the last Session of Parliament, to prevent the Exportation, and encourage the Importation of Corn, and-to flop the Dittilling of Corn; and representing to the House, that the Price of all Sorts of Grain is at this time high; And therer fore praying, That the House will again take this Matter into^Consideration, and make such Rules and Orders for reducing the Prices of Grain, as to them shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 30 die Decembris j

Anno 31* Georgii-JI" Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

Exportation A for continuing certain Laws, made in the last of Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Expor-

Coro> &c. tation of Com, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the lfle of Man, for the Use of the inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session, for dil’continuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, takep from the Ene?

Vol. 28.

The Order of the Day being read; v-

The House proceeded to take into Confederation his The Kin^x Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Par- Speech liament. cohered,

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And aMotion being made. That a Supply be granted Supply, to his Majesty; f

Refoked, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Jioufe, to consider of tfigt Motion.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That Addrefx his Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the on the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he would be pleased to be attended by peee* this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended immediately at his Palace of Saint James.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

©eg*

amoy

Account of Corn, 4c. exported.

A Member takes Oaths.

Account of Corn, 4c. exported.

Cirencester

Roads.

\*q

8 50 Decembris. A. 1757*

iLuntc, 5* die Decembris;

Anno 31° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and* at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of all Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, that have been exported to any Place whatsoever by virtue or in pursuance of any of the Liberties or Powers thereby given or granted in the Act for that Purpose passed in the last Session of Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing certain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Ille of Marty for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an A&, made in the same Session, for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to' permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships; is committed.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Trustees named and appointed in and by virtue of the several A6is of Parliament herein after-mentioned, and of the Inhabitants of Cirenccjlery in the County of Gloucester, and of several other Parishes and Places of and in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting Two Acts of Parliament, One pafl’ed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Cirencester Town’s End to St. Joint's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester; the other made in the 15th Year of his present Majesty,ior enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the aforesaid Act; and alleging, that the Road, by the said Acts intended to be repaired, lies in a deep and foun-dero.us Country; and that, on the making of the said firiUmeutioned Act, Two Turnpikes were set up, and have been ever flnee kept, on the said Road; and that the Sum of £. 1700, borrowed on the Credit, of the Tolls, has been laid out, as well as the said Tolls, after paying the intereftof thesaidMoney, in repairing the saidRoad; but that the Trustees are not impowered to take more than OneToll once in a Day at both the Turnpikes upon the said Road; and that, by the latter of the said Acts, the Inhabitants of the several Parillies of Sher bourn, Farmington, Turkdean, Bourton on the Water, and its Hamlets of Slaughter, Northleach, Ilampnet, Eastinglon, Coin St. Dennis, Coin Rogers, Bibury and its Hamlets, Barn/'-ley, and Aljworth, are to pass and repass on the said Road Toll-free; by reason whereof, and of Carriages travelling on broad Wheels being exempted from paying anyTolls, and not being restrained in Weight, the said Roads are urispeakably damaged and worn, and the Tolls are little more than suficient to pay the Charge's of collecting, and the Interest of the said Sum of ^.1700, which now remains due, and are infinitely short of being suficient *7

to put or keep the said Road in Repair; so that the same is now very muclfoutof Repair and founderous, and cannot be put or kept in Repair without a further Supply of Money, additional Tolls, and the Statute-duties of the several Parishes and Places through which the said Road leads: And letting forth, That the Street or Road, leading from a Place called the High Cross at Ci-rencester, to the Town’s End aforesaid, and which leads into the said Road, is much out of Repair, and cannot be properly repaired by the Laws now in Force, or by the Inhabitants of the Parishes through which the same leads, they being for the moll: Part very poor: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the latter of the aforesaid Acts, as directs that the Inhabitants of the said several Pari Ihes and Hamlets, above particularly mentioned, may pass and repass on the said Road Toll-free; and that the Trustees named and appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, by virtue of the said Acts, may be impowered to take the Tolls, by the latter of the said Acts directed to be taken, at each of the aforesaid Turnpikes, or at any other Two Turnpikes that, by virtue of the said Acts> shall be erected or set up on the said Road, in any one Day, or other additional Tolls that shall be thought rea-fonabl£ and suficient; and that the said Street or Road leading from the Place called the High Cross in Cirert-cester to the said Town’s End, and into the said Road by the said A els intended to be repaired, may be taken into the fair! Acts, and may be repaired and kept in Repair in the same Manner, and by the same Powers and Authorities, by which the said other Road is thereby provided and directed to be repaired; and that the Qualifications of the ailing Trustees, and the Terms and Powers mentioned in the said Acts, maybe enlarged, and such further and other Relief given in the Premiles, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Daumey, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Daniel Boone, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Prozcfe, Sir 1 Caller Blackett, Mr. Charles Boone, Mr. Buller, Mr. Wilkinjbn, Admiral Bofcazven, Mr. Bozvcs, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bridgman, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Walpole, Colonel George Bofcazven, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. James Bru-denell, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Robert Brudeneli, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Carlzvright, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Potter, Mr. Gore, Mr. AffleckCharles Mar daunt, Nr .'Cooke, Mr. Poore, Mr. Ilardinge, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Fdlozves, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Molyneu.r, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Calvert, Mr. John Calvert, Sir Geo. Mon fgo-gery JMelham, Mr. Churchill, Lord John Cavendish, Sir. Peachey, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Nugent junior, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. LeJlie, the Karl of Tlwmond, Mr, Bacon, Mr. Aldzcorth, Mr. Delaval, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Synionds, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Prut I or, Mr. Fane, Lord Dupplin; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucr/ler, Wilts, Berks, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Speaker reported, Tkatthe House upon Saturday last, attended his Majesty with their Addicts; to which his Majesty was plea fed to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

1 return you my Thanks for your dutiful and afieftion-ate Addreis, and for this unanimous Mark of your Zeal for the Honour of my Crown, and the Support of the common Gause, and particularly of my good Brother and Ally the King of Prussia. "

You may depend on my eonitant Endeavours for the Safety and Welfare of my Kingdoms, and for the Kiefer vat ion of the Liberties of Europe.

The

The King'* Answer to Addrefu

31 Geo. II.

5° — 6* Decembris.

9

The Order of the Day being read; for the House td resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty; ,

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses ol Parliament be referred jto the said Com* rnittee.

Cfhcn the House relolved itself intd the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. t. . i

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.Speaker resumed the Chair*

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That, they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tb-tfiorroW Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read l.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read; for the House td in the Out-poets at Michaelmas 1756, what have beeri

~ ’ since brought in, what exported, as also what remained

kt Michaelmas 1757: And also, ....

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Gbods which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at St; Helen's, Leadenhall, Billiter Lane, and Custom-house, irt the Port of London, since Michaelmas 17 56, in order to be dyed, glazed, &c. what have been returned, and what remained dut, of the said Warehouses at Michaelmai 1757: And also, ' ‘

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported -froni Ruffid into the Pdrtof London, from Michaelmas 1736 to Michaelmas 1757: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from UuJJi& into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1756 to Michaelmas 1757! And also,.

N° 8. Ah Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fiftiery to Davis's r ~ ..... Str eights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective*

Exportation Resolved, I hat this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out,

Bt Loro. Slc. ~ r'___:u----- r.u.....k, 1 , u — tv.____ . _ . J _____

Bf Coro, &cf ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing certain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flotlr, Bread, 3ifcu.it, and Starch* and for prohibit ing the making of low Winesand Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or froth Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there-, and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the fanrteSeffiou, for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour; taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Ifugent have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly. , high Price Refolded, Nemine contradicente, That this House will,

of Grain, &c» Upon ThurJ'day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take*into Consideration the present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

And then the House adjoured till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 6# die Decembris;

Anno 31* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1757.

Prayers. nPIIE House

Accounts

ttfpc^ina

India

Trade.

being informed, That some.of tl.£ JL Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door; ,

They were called in; and, at . the Bar; presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods brought into the East India Warehouses 'mSt. Helen's, in the Port, of London, since Michaelmas 1756; also what have been exported from that time, and what remained at Michaelmas 1757: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods brought into the East India Warehouses at Leadenhall and Billiter Lane, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1756; also what have been exported from that time,* and what remained at Michaelmas 1757: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in his Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of tendon at Michaelmas 1756V what have been since brought in, what exported, as also What remained at Michaelmas 1757: And also,

N°4* An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be wore in this Kingdom in the respecfcive Warehouses? VoL\ 28.

and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged;-and also What Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported, in the Year 1757;

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. , " Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Clothiers, and other pri.xi-pal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York; was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the exceftive high Price of Corn in those Parts; and taking Notice, that the several Laws made the last Session, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, and the distilling of Spirits from Grain, are near expiring* and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the House will take the Premises into Confutation, and, by continuing the said Laws for a further limited Time, or bj^ such other Ways and Means as to the House shall feerri meet, to remedy the present excessive Price of Com, and prevent the like for the futurfe.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to trie Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing certain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Sta'rch' and for pro-hibiting themaking of low Wittes arid Spirits from Wheat; Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat,' Barley, Oats* Meal, and Flour, to the isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session, for difeon-tinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland iif neutral Ships j is committed.

Account* of Russia Naval Stores.

Account of

Greenland

Whale

Fisheiy,

Exportation of Corn, &c.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Persons, Whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near, and travelling on, the Koads thereinafter mentioned, lyingin the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read *, felting forth, That the Highwtfysleadingfrorri Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County, through the several Parithesof South Brent, Ug-borough, Harford, Ermington,\ Plympfon Saitit Mary, Plympton Maurice, Egg, Buckland, and the Tithing of Compton Gifford, to a Place thereat or near Lipfon Bridge, where the Road in the said Tything of Compton Gifford ends, and meets the Road belonging to the Parish of Charles in the Borough of Plymouthy irt the said County, are, in several Parts thereof, become very incommodious and dangerous for Travellers^and in the Winter and rainy

P Steafons

Brent

Bridge

Roads.'

CX

vil

Wells

Writ,

Tyme

Regis

Roads.

io

6° Decembris. A. 1757.

Seasons impaffkble for Wheel Carriages; and, as the same cannot be repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Methods appointed by Law, therefore praying the House to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for the repairing and amending the said Roads, by such Ways and Meads as to the House shall seem proper and reafanable.

: Ordered, Thatthe said Petition bereferred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Har dirge, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Williafn Calvert, Mr. Prowse, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Francis DaJInvood, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Archer, Mr. Gore, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Sandys. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Plumer, Lord Parker, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Polo, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Smith, Sir Willongh bx/ AJton, Mr. Bowes, Sir Cz//?, Mr. Elliot, ^Ir. Harrifvn, Mr. Mabbott, Sir Armine Wodehoitfe, Mr. fowvfhend, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. George Onslow, \lr. SvmoTids, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Tucker, Doctor Hoy, Mr. Hume, Lord North, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Affleck, Sir RogerNewdigate; and all the Members who serve fox the Counties of Devon, Dorset, Somerset and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Wells, in the room of the Right honourable Edward Lord Digby, in the Kingdom of irelanil,feceaied.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, and of the Counties of Dorset and Devon, whoseNames are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the high Roads leading from the Alms-house at the West End of Charmouth, in the said County of Dorset, to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the same County, and through the several Parishes, Villages,orHamlets, and Places following, to wit, Uplyme, Axmouth, Culliford, in the Parish of Culliton Seaton, other Part of the Parish of Ch//#o?z aforesaid, and Hangman's Stone, to the East End of a Lane Called Radice other wise Viny Lane, in the said Parish of Culliton, and from thence to Trowe, in the Parish of Salcombe, otherwise Salcombe Regis, Sidford, in the Parish of Sidbury, Sidmouth, Hardford, Newton, Popleford, in the Parish of Aylejbear, to the Western Side of Aylefbear Hill, in the said County of Devon, leading to the City of Exeter, to meet the Exeter T urnpike Road *, and from the East End of Radice otherwise Viny Lane aforesaid, through the same Lane, to, through, and by, the several Parishes, Villages, Hamlets, or Places following, to wit, Battlefis, Roncoms Gurt, other Part of the said Parish of Sidbury, and St. Mary Oltery, to Straitway Head, otherwise StretwoodHead, in the Parish of Whimple, and from Saint Mary Ottery aforesaid, to the Way-post in the said Parish of Whimple, leading to the City of Exeter, and at and from the said Borough of Lyme Regis, to and through other Part of the said Parish of Uplyme, to the Way-done beyond Uplyme Hill, in the same Parish; are ina ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and very steep and Uneven, and, by reason of the Waters in the Winter Season, unpayable at divers Places, and very dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the present Methods preferred by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectually repairing, wi* dening, levelling, and keeping in Repair, and making the 14

said Roads payable at all Times and Seasons, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to thetn, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Fane, Mr. Henry Fane, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. West, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Olmius, M r. Aldxvorth, Sir William Calvert,

Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Kynaston, General Holntes, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pole, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Tucker, Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Willaitghby Aston, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Proby?i, Mr. Smith, Mr. Montagu, Sir James Creed, Mr. Mabbott, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Great-heed, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Webb, Lord Downe, Mr. Cocks,

Lord Verney, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Tow?i-Jhend, Mr. Delaval, Sir Geo. Montgomery Metham, Mr.

Wilkes, Mr. Bacon, Mr Molyneux, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Butler, Mr. Hill, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Lowndes j and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Grain and Meal imported into this Kingdom since Michaelmas 1756, distinguisti-ing the several Species, and the Places from whence brought, and at which imported.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table j where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Neminecontradiccnte, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee’of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1758, with the Half-pay Officers of Efthriatet the Navy, be laid before this House. ordered.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1758, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1758, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who are to be on Half-pay for the Year 1758, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of Outrpensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1758.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account belaid before this House,

shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1757 have been disposed of, diitinguiftied under their several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

shewing bowthe Monies arisen within the respective Half Years ending at the 5th Day of April 1757, and the 10 th

Day

Account of Graio,

&TC.

imported.

Supply,

TTf.ial

II

3 i Geo. II. <5° — 70

Day of OBober 1757, as well of, or for, the Excess pr Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of, or for, the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of, or for, the Excels or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the General Fund*

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Rireftions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by stich Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Exportation Theother Order of the Day being read, for the House fCoru, &c. torelolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing certain Laws, made in the lafi Se/fern of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Com, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Bariev, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation oHYheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Isle of Man, for the Ule of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the fume Session, for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, Tli it they have Power to receive a Clause, authorizing his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to permit, in case of Exigency, the Exportation of such Quantities of the Commodities mentioned in the Bill, as may be necessary for the only Use, Supply, and Suftentation, of any Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, or of thofeof' his Majesty’s Allies acting in Support of thee mmon Cmfe.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, prohibiting, for a limited Time, the Payment of any Bounty % upon the Exportation of any of the said Commodities.

Ordered, That the Petit ion of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and the rest of the Common Council, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcajtle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Nciccajtle upon Tyne, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-jailttee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they , had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Charlton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had drre&ed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place *, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed lo by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

House The Lord Barrington, Secretary at War, informed the informed of House, That he vvas commanded by the King to acquaint ^ie House, that Lieutenant General Sir John Mor daunt, Aixett. VoL. 2,8*

& Member of this House, is lhArrest by the KingYConr-mand, for Disobedience of his Majesty’s Orders while employed on the late Expedition to the Coast of France.

Resolved, Nemine contradiccntc, Than an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, returning him the Thanks of this House for his gracious Message of this Day, and for his tender Regard to the Privileges of this House in the Communication which he has been pleased to make to this House, of the Reason for putting LieUh tenant General Sir John Mdrdaunt in arrest.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to hfc Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 70 die Decembris 5

Anno 31° Georgii lidl Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

THE Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That Presenting their Address of Yesterday, returning his Majesty of Addreif the Thanks of this House for his gracious Message, and ^r^of for his tender Regard to the Privileges of this House, in a Member the Communication which he was pleased to make to reported, tins House, of the Reason for putting Lieutenant General Sir John Mordaunt in Arrest, had been presented to his Majesty, and that his Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That Answer their Address of Yesterday, that his Majesty would be to Address graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Estimates, for EstimatcsJ Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty*, and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaiut this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the Justices of the Pe&ce, Gentlemen, Magarto Clergy, Freeholders, Land-owners, add others, of the Chepstow Counties of Monmouth and Glot/eefer, whose Names are RoadU

thereunto subscribed, for themselves, and 011 behalf of many others, vvas presented to the House, and read; set* ting forth, That the Roads from the Village of Magor to the Bridge Foot, in the Town of Chepfow, thenc* through Saint Aryans, over the Devaudon, through Rag* lan, t hrough the Parish of Lanvihangel juxta Ujk, by the Church of LangotJdck juxta Ujk, through the Town of Abergavenny, by Lanzoenarth Church, to the Four Mile.

Stone, the End of the said Panfli, in the high Road t&

Brecony and from the Bridge Eoot in the Town of Chep-/cWy-thrcugh the Towns of Lidney, Blakt?iy, and Newn-ham, to a Place called Hawkins Pill, in the County of Gloucester, in the Road from Chepfow to Gloucester, and from a Parting in the said Road at the Cross Lanes oti the Top of Tulchilly to a Place called the Old Passagt House, in the County of Gloucester, and from a Place, called the New Passage to Crick, through Shireneu/on, over lttonys Common, to the Devaudon Green, and from a Place on the Devaudon, where the Roads to Abergavenny and Monmouth part, to Lanif ten's Cross, andfror* the New Passage to Saint Peers Park Wall, thence through the Village of Caerwentand Town of Newport, by Tredeagti', through Cafletoton Saint Melons to Romney Bridge, in the said County of Monmouth; and from the Village of Caerucnt, by Penycaemaur, through Lantrijfent, Ujk, Trofrey, through Clytha, to Tregares Church, through Lanarth, Llantheivy, Ry-thereby through Abergavenny, Llanvetherine, to a Place called Travellers Seat, in the Road to Skenfreth; and from Bedwas Bridge, in the County of Monmouth, to Baffalegg Bridge, through Newport, by Malms and Llantarnam, to the Head of Llantamam Lane, in the high Road from Abergavenny to Pont y Pool+ and from Rtfca, through Newport, to St. Julians, to

Ragland to Ulke Roads.

12

7b DecentbriSi A. 1757*

4h©rf0W6F 6kerfedk;ZTfd from Chrifi Church, through wrby aPIacecalled the Red Lane, to Pont.y Pool, atuJrfrbin a Placfe called the Cross Roads, at the Bottom xiiiMamilad Hill, in the Road leadings to Polity Pool, to £f$yover Llanellen Bridget through: the Town of Aber-fdre^h^oiiglvthe Racifh of LlantilUo Pertholey, thro’ 'LtUftviiumgelCrucQt7&y£o a Plaee'called Liangue Bridge, iithe Roadieadingto//eTf/brrf; and from Bedw as Bridge, <B*r;ihe River Rdmney, in the County of Monmouth; to Fnithbyneyby PmtCrumhm, over a Hill called Keveny Chbj (Itfough Pont y Pool, by Afo/z/fa Wdodhouse Gate, thioaghf/fk,through the Parish oiGuernejhe\i, to a Place called the Four Aj/fies,in the high Road to Monmouth; and from the End of the Pari ill of Llanelly, in the high thmngtiLlanfoifl, through Abergubenny, by LlanvapLy, to a Plaee called the Onnen, in the high Road to Monmouth, and from Abergavenny, by Llan-fidfir^JAatieUen- Bridge; and from Ujk Bridge, in the County of Monmouth, by Langibby, through JJaerleon, thence by Kemey-s Inferior, t6 the Parish Church of Lantrijfent; (are jn so ruinous and founderous a Condition, and in iriany Places so narrow, that it is very dangerous for Horses and Carriages to pass through thedame;, and that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes/through which the said Roads lead, are incapable, ^ry the ordinary course of Law, effectually to repair, dud keep the same in Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repair^ ing and keeping in Repair the said Roads, in such a manner as to the House shall seem meet.

,. Ordered, 'that the said Petition be referred to the Coni-sideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to MriHanbury; Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Fetbwes, Mr. Egerton; Mr. Symonds, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Wilk inf on, Mr. Fane, Mr Lockyer, Mr. J^rouse, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Olmius, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Butler, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Poore, Lord Gage, Mr. Bowes, Colonel Mordauht, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gore, Mr. Plamer, Mr. TJioroton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Thomas Morgan, junior,*Sir jfohn Cust, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lyjier, Mr. Archer, Mr.. Colebrooke, Mr. tiammond, Mr. Ofbaldefion, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Rice, Mr. Howard, Colonel Whitmore, Admiral Griffin, Mr. West-, faling. Lord Thomond, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Bernard, jKlr. , Chauncy Townfield, Mr. Pole, Mr. Probyn, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Gibbons, Lord Parker, Mr. Morton, Sir William Given, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Thomas Fane; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Mon-;jnouth, Gloucester, and Hereford, and for South Wales; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land-owners, and others, the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Ragland, Landenny, Brungwin, Dingiftow, Tregare, Lantilo, Grojfenne, Penrofe, Lanvichangell and Ujlce, and others in their Neighbourhood, in the County of Mon-7720zz£A,whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, for themselves, and on behalf of manymthers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Polt Road from Ragland to Ujke is in a bad and founderous Condition; and that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Road leads, are incapable, by the.ordinary Course directed by Law, effectually to repair and keep the same in Repair; and alleging, that

the Petitioners ufiderstanding that a Bill is intended to be applied for to the House, to repair and keep in Repair other Roads in their Neighbourhood in the same CountyTherefore praying, That Leave may be given to add thereto a Clause for repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road leading from the Village of Ragland to the Town of Ujlre, in such a manner as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That, the said Petition be referred to the Confkleration of the Committee, to whom the preceding Petition is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame, as it ilia.ll appear to them, to the House.

.An jpgraffed Bill for continuing certain Laws, madejn Exportation the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting themaking of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any otherSorfc of Gratn,or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Tran f-portation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flbur, to the \fteof Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session, for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, G;nm, Meal, Bread,

Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and V lour i nto Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships; was read the 'Third time.

RrJ'olved, Nemine contt a dice nte, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Title be An Act forcontinuingcer-tain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour,

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley,

Malt, or any other Sort of Grain,or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportat ion of Wheat, Barley, Oats,

Meal, and Flour, to the Hie of Man, for the Uie of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made inthefameSession,fordiscontinuing the Dutiesupo«

Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal,

Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; ami to permit the Importation of Com arid Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships; and to authorize his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order and permit the Exportation of such Quantities of the Commodities aforesaid, as may be neeefiary for the Suf-tentation of an y Forces in t he Pay of Great Britain,or of those of his Majesty’s Allies acting in Support of the common Ganfe; and to prohibit the Payment of any Bounty upon the Exportation of any of I he laid Commodities; to be made during the Continuance of this Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, purfu- EfKmates ant to their Address to his Majesty, prd'euicd.

Estimate of t he Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, for the Year 175$; and also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Gibraltar, for the Year 1758; and also

Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot on the Irish Eftaolishment, serving in North America and the East Indies, for the Year 1758; and also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for the Year 1758.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth'j viz.

ESTIMATE

0

r

Lvm«

Regis

Road®.

Supply-

Ways and Means.

Account of Grain, &c. lir ported,

31 Geo. II. 12° — 130 2 i

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Valenline Aform Esquire, being examined, said, That the Pod Road leading from the Village of llagland to the Town of Ujke is in so ruinous a Condition, that Carriages and Persons on H01 febackcannot pass through the fama without great Difficulty and Danger; and that the Laws in being are inefficient effectually to repair and amend the fame.

The Evidence of Mr. Morris was confirmed by Mr. jcunts Price.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from tire Village of Magor to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chepstow, in the county of " Monmouth , and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester: And that Mr. Berkeleij, Mr. Thomas Morgan, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. William Morgan, and Mr. Thomas Morgan junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis: And the same \vas received 5 and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will,upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve* itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for tailing the supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

yiv<Charlton reportedfrom t.h$ Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That hq was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

take into further Consideration the prefect high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Accourn; count of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, disposeable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 10th Day of October last.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty Malt, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1758: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred an<1 to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tabte; where the same was read; and

is as followeth; viz. "

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and personal Estates, and also the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound upon Offices and Pensions,beraised in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, within the Space of One Year, from the Twenty-fifthDay of March 1758; and that aproportionableCefs, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House do agree witlnbe Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum. of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and personal Estates, and also the sum of Four Shillings in the Pound upon Offices and Pensions, be raised in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, within the Space of One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent the Lord Duncannon, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Martis, 130 die Decembris;

Anno 31® Georgii IIdl Regis, 1757. Prayers.

rI^IIE House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford, JL from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Grain and Meal imported into England from Michaelmas 1756 to Michaelmas 1757, distinguidling the several Species, the Places from whence brought, and the Ports at which imported* And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered., That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the v^iole House, to whom it is referred to

VOL. 28.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Militia an Estimate of what may be the Change of the Militia Eftitnat^ upon the Plan of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England; and to make Report thereof to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Townshend,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Grenville, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Cust, Mr. Nor they, Lord Barrington, Mr. Potter, Lord George SackvilLe, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir James Creed, Mr. Kynaflctfi, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. FeHowes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Onslow,

Sir George Montgomeiy Metharn, Mr. Molyneax, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr.

Wilkes, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Campbell, Lord North,

Mr.Roj'e Fidler, Mr. Lee, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Vynerj Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Vynerjunior, Mr. Alderman Beckford,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Char lion, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Cartwright, Mr,

G Smitf;

22 13° — H° Decembris. A. 1757.

Smith, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Morton, Mr. Aldworth, Admiral Frankland, Mr. More, Mr. Cholm ley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mabbott, Mr. George Pitt, Mr. Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Puller, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Bekhier, Mr. Cole brook, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Hume: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Slilitr. Ordered, That Sir Francis Dafhwoad. Sir John CuJ}, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. llarbord, Mr Charles Townshend, Mr. Charles Toxenjhend of Yarmouth, the Lord Hubert Sutton, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Bankes, and Mr. Molyneux, be added to the Gentlemen who areappointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain, amend, and , enforce, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

The other Order of the Day being read;

High Price The House resolved itself into a Committee of the *of Grain, See. whole House, to take into further Confjderation the presenthigh Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Bif-cuit, and Starch.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee*, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the First Day of the Sil ting of the House after the approaching Chrijhnas R crejfs, relbl ve i tie! 1 i nto aCommittee oft he whole Hou fe, to take into furtherConfideration the presenthigh Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Bilbuit, and Starch.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

- Mercuriiy 140 die Decetnbris;

Anno 31* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1757.

; Prayers.

Cirencester. /Til. Dawnay reported from the Comm it tec, to whom

Roads. xYjL ^le Petition of the Trustees, named and ap-

pointed in and by virtue of the lcvcral Acts of Parliament therein after-mentioned, and of the Inhabitants of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucrjter, and of several other Parishes and Places of and in the same County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the laid Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was in Part read.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Residue of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First was read; whereby it appeared, that the said Act was made for repairing the said Road, and was to continue in Force, from the First Day of June 1727, for the Term of Twenty-one Years.

Then an Act,madeinthe 15th Year of his present Ma-jofty's Reign, was read, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty, whereby the Term was further enlarged for Twenfv-one Years: Then,

16

Hubert Berkley Freeman Esquire, being examined, informed your Committee, That the Roads, directed by the said Acts to be repaired, are Thirteen Miles and a Half long; and that Two T urnpikes oniy have been erected, the one at Cirencester, the other at Clay Hill; and that the Roads arc in us had a Condition as any in the Kingdom:

That £. 1,700 is now owing, upon Mortgage, upon the Credit of the said Tolls, which, as well as the Income of the Tolls, has been duly laid out in repairing the Roads; but that, after Payment of the Intcre.lt Money and Salaries, the remaining Produce of the said Toils doth not exceed 115 or 1201. per Annum; which Sum-is insufficient to repair the said Roads* though the several Pari Hies were to perform their Statute-work, the Roads being excessively damaged by the Pa fI age of Broad Wheeled Waggons, loaded with exce.il]ve Weights, which are exempt from the Payment of Toll.

Then the said first-nientioned Act was read; whereby it appeared, that the Toil was only to be paid once a Day at both the said Turnpikes; and by the Act of the 15th Year of his present Majesty it appeared. That the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Sherbourn, Farmington, Turk dean, Hour ion on the If'aler, and its Hamlets of Slaughter, Norlhleach, Hampnet, Eastington,

Coin St. Dennis, Coin Rogers, Bibunj and its Hamlets,

Barnsley, and Af/ivorlh, are exempted from the Payment of any Toll. T hen,

Robert Berkley Freeman Esquire, being further examined, said, That the Street leading from the High Crqfs at Cirencester to the Town’s End, leads into the aforesaid Road, and is in a very ruinous Condition, being torn all to Pieces by Carriages-, seldom iefs than 20 Broad Wheeled Waggons priding through it in a Day: That the uluai Method of repairing the said Street has been by the several Inhabitants paving before their own Doors; but that the present Inhabitants are very poor, and incapable of doing it.

Mr. Henry Jane, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Freeman, so far as relates to the ruinous Condition of the said Roads and Street.

The IToufe was moved,.That an Act, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cirencester Town’s End to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, might he read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the Act of the 15th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers-granted by an Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing tire Roads from Cirencester'a Town’s End to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, as directs, that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Hamlets therein named flia.il pass Toll-free: and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Cirencester to the Town’s End there; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr.

Dawnay, S\v George Montgomerie Met ham, and the Lord Downe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed. That the Chamberlain A,1ntl of the City of London attended at the Door; frcro ,he

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Chamberlain House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of of London Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief' of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City '

London, on the 5th Day of July 17-, 7: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, in pur-fnance of the Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London from’ the

14th Day of December 1756, csclusive, to the 5th Dav

of December 1757, inckn'ive.

And:

Dlgifeed

Westminster

Bridge.

Iirlof

Sandwich’s (and others) Q^ulifiratiuns.

Account

ef Money iished on Addresses.

F.ftimate of building Ships.

Brancepeth

indofure.

31 Geo. II. 140 Decembris. 23-

Awl then he withdrew.

Anri the Titles of the said Accounts were road.

On/erei/Fhat the said Accounts do lie upon I lie Table, to be pern fed by the Members of the House.

1 he ft;id Accounts are preferred union git the other Papers of this Session.

The House. being informed, That Mr. Seddon, from the CommiiTtoners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the'opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, puri’uant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 30th Day of November 1756, to the 6th Day of December 1757, inclusive: And also.

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 10th Day of October 1756, to the 10th Day of October 1757.

Anri then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State ind Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Bqoksdo lie upon the Table, to be pern fed by the Members of the House.

'The said Books are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Jckn liar! of Sandwich, Wellbore Ellis Esquire, and Thomas Putter Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office ns Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Pay matter General, of all his Maje fry’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify thern-selves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices: To which the Lords dettre the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mortengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bril be read a Second time.

Resolved, That, an humble Address be prefen ted to his Majesty, that he will be gracioutty pleated to give Directions, that an Account be laid before this House, of all Sums of Money which have been issued by his Majesty ’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be gracioutty pleated to give Directions to the proper Officers, that there be laid before this House,. an Kftimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 175S.

Ordered, That, the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of William Bclafufe Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Brancepelh, in the County of Durham, and also of the several Freeholders and Owners of Lands, Te-neqlents, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, who(c Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and oilier Freeholders, and Owners of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the said Manor of Brancepeth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there arc Two Commons, or Tracts of watte Ground, lying contiguous to each other, within the said Manor, the one called Brancepelh Moor or Common, containing 900 Acres, and upwards; the other called Slecklcy Common, containing 400 Acres, and upwards; and that the said William Bdajyje, as Lord of the said Manor, is intitled to the Soil of the said Commons; and the Petitioners, and others of the Freeholders and Land-owners of and within the said Ma-VoL. 2 3.

nor, are intitled to departure their commonable Cattle upon the said Commons or Moors; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Commons may be divided, inclosed, and allotted, unto and among the Lord of t he said Manor and the several Freeholders and Land-owners intitled to Common Right upon the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bowes and Mr. Crajter do prepare, and bring in, the fame. f

A Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1758, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejoined, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon' the said Bill.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1758: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Thomas, Rector of Saint Peter's, Comhill, London, be dettred to preach before this House at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon Monday the 30th Day of January next; and that Mr. llardinge. Sir John Barnard, and Mr. George Onslow, do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor John Butler,-Wx-nifter of Great Yarmouth, be deft red to preach before this House at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, upon Friday the 17th Day of February next, being the Day appointed by his Majesty\sRoyal Proclamation for a Gene-’ ral Fast; and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Potter, and Sir John Crojfe, do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of several Merchants, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Silk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others the Mer*. chants. Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Silk in tins Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; repre-feiuing to the House, That, in consequence of an A6i patted iaftSeftion, for the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk until the First Day of December 1757, the Petitioners gave Orders to their Correspondents abroad to fend large Quantities of such Silk, through Germany, to Hamburgh arid Holland, which, in the common Course of Things, might probabl y have arrived at London before the said Act expired, if the Carriage thereof had not been protracted by the great Rains and Inundations in Italy and Gennanxf, in the Months of August and September last, which rendered the Roads for many Wdeks unpaflable; so that by Unlucky Accidents on Shore, and Storms and contrary Winds after the said Silk was shipped, it could not pofli-bly arrive within the Time limited by the said Act; and alleging, that unless the said Silk be admitted to an Entry, the Petitioners will be great Sufferers, ths Manufacture greatly prejudiced, and the good End and Purpose of the said Act in a great measure frustrated: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and give'Leave that a Bill may be brought in for allowing the Introduction of all such fine ItaliunoTgyxizme Silk, as ttiall appear to have been shipped in Holland and Hamburgh for London, on any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, on or before the Time limited'by the said Act for the Importation thereof into this Kingdom, or to grant them such other Relief as to the House shall feein meet.

The

Supply Bill;' Duties on Malt.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Dr. Thomas to preach on 30th Jan.'

Dr. Butle‘r to preach on Fast-day.

Importation' of ftahaa Silk.

14 7* Decembris. A. 1757.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations arid Gibraltar, for the Year 1758.

Pay of the Regiments, &c; for 365 Days.

£ s- rf.

19,9*9 *7 6

15,217 9 2

20,i75 7 6

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

20,175 7 6

5,2 *7 9 2

20,175 7 6

25,960 12 _ 6

15,217 9 2

20,175 7 6

15,217 9 2

20,704 12 6

<5,217- 9 2

80,957 — —

25,796 7 6

.25,796 7 6

18,210 9 2

7,14! 16 8

1,049 7 6

2,466 15 10

5,830 17 6

In the PLANTATIONS.

Numbers.

2d Battalion of the Royal Regiment of Foot -Colonel Forbes's - -

Colonel Whitmores's - -

Lord Blakeney's -

Lieutenant General Bragg's -Lieutenant General Otway's -Colonel Rfl/J’s -Major General Hopfon's -

Lord 70A/Z Murray's -Major General Kennedy's -

Major General Warburton s -

Major General jf/w/rays «-

Colonel Waljh's -

Lord Howe's -

Royal American Regiment -

Lieutenant Colonel Montgomery's Highland Battalion Lieutenant Colonel Frafer's Highland Battalion Lieutenant Colonel Draper's Battalion -Tour Companies at Afea; Yer£

One Company at Bermudas -One Company in the Bland of Providence Three Companies at a&w/A Carolina

Garrifonsat Annapolis Royal, Halifax, Placentia, and A/. John's -

Officers serving with the Forces in North America -Officers of the Hospital for* the Forces in North America Contingencies upon Account ..

At GIBRALTAR. Lieutenant General Guise's Regiment Lieutenant General Pulteney's Colonel Jeffereys's - -

Earl of Panmure's -

Lord Robert Bertie's -Colonel Whitmore's ? -

Colonel Grey's -Sir David Cunningham's

LM5

815

M45

815

815

i, M5

815

I.M5

1.487 815

i,i45

815

M53

815

4,581

1.487

1.487 i»°35

445

58

150

345

815

8o15

815

815

8lG

815

815

815

23,6

Officers of the Garrison, &c.

Provisions for Colonel Ilopfs Regiment at ATiwa Scotia and Newfoundland, deducting 41/. />« Diem out of the Subsistence of each Non-commission Officer and privatte Man, towards that Expence. Remains to be bornfe by the Government Provisions for Major General War bur ton's Regiment at Nova Scotia -

Provisions for late Major General Offarrell's Regiment -

Provisions for the Rlegiments at Gibraltar Provisions for the Independent Company at Providence

Total

War-Office, 5th December 1757.

6,520

30,178

i5,2»7

15.217

15.217

n 5,2.17 15>38i

15.217

15.217

!5,217

9

9

9

9

14

9

9

9

3.843 2 11

3.843 2 11

3.843 2 11

48,000 — —

456 5

total.

£ s. d.

421,057 18 4

2,870 12 8,258 2

3,421 17 2,000 —

121,903

4,205

18

17

59,985 13 9

623,704 o a

Barrington.

ESTIMATE

c.

31 Geo. II. 7° — 8

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot on the Irish Establishment, serving iii North

America and the East Indies, for the Year 1758.

The British Establishment for Ala jor General Lascelles's Regiment of Foot, from the 25th December 1757, to 24th £ d. Numbers. £ d.

December 1758 - - - 20075 7 6 1.145

Paid by Ireland for the said Regiment, for the fame.time. 8,694 7 6

Difference - II,48l —

Ala jor General Abercrombie's Regiment, the same - - - 1,145 ll,48l —

Alajor General Webb's Regiment, the same - The British Establishment for Colonel Adlercron’s Regi- LI45 , II,48l —

ment of Foot for the same time - 18,249 ii 8 980

Paid by Ireland for the said Regiment, for the same time 8,694 7 6

/ Difference - - 9,525 4.2

Total - 4415 43,968 4 2

War-Office,

5th December 1757.

Barrington*

ESTI MATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals, for the Year 1758*

£' d.

General and Staff Officers - - - ’ - - - 34,714 13 4

Officers of the Hospitals - - - - «. - - g - 2,737 10 — -

Total £. 37,452 3 4

War-Office, —

5th December 1757.

Barrington.

Supply.

Ordered, That the said Estimatesdolieupon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land-owners, and others, of the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for themselves, and on behalf of many others, is refer* red.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson prefen ted to the House, ac- Affixe cording to Order, a Bill for the due making of Bread, of and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof: And the Bread, *c. same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

DoCtor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing the Navy

Office of Lord H igh Adm iral of Great Britain, prefen ted Estimate.

to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, lor the Year 1758.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session: And the Abstract thereof is as followeth; viz.

Jovis> 8° die Decembris;

Anno 310 Georgii IIJi Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

M;-y°r r\RDERED, That Mr..Pr0&yg, Admiral Griffin, be Wow added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the

Vol. 23. ABSTRACT

o

Goe<

e

2 6 150 — 16° Decembm. A. 1757.

merits thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Importation Mr. Nugent reported from the Committee, to whom ot Italian the Petition of the several Merchants, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Silk, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others the Merchants, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Silk, in this Kingdom, was referred, That the Committee had exa- -mined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act of the 30th Year of his present Majesty was read, whereby it appeared, that Leave w^s given for the Importation of tine organzined Italian Thrown Silk from any Port or Place, or in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, until the ill Day of December 1757: And, Lewis Mendcs Esquire, informed your Committee, That, upon pasting of the said AS, himself and several other Italian Merchants gave Orders to their Correspondents abroad to fend large Quantities of such Silk through Germany to Hamburgh: Then,

GeorgePrefcott Esquire,produced to your Committee a Letter, dated the 13th of September, from Balzano, a Town in Germany, which was read, and wherein his Correspondentinforms him,that his Goods were arrived there, but could not come forward, on account of the Badness of the Roads, and that the Bridges had been carried away by Inundations.

Then the Petitioners produced to your Committee fe-yeral Bills of Lading; whereby it appeared, that large Quantities of Italian organzined Thrown Silk had been shipped at Hambrough for London, between the 27th of September and the 29th ot'November: Then,

Joseph Treves Esquire produced to your Committee a Letter from John Thornton, his Factor at Hambrough, dated the 18th of Nove?nber, which was read; whereby it appeared, that the Ships, in which the said Silks were shipped, were, at the time of the Date of the said Letter, Hill detained by contrary Winds at Hambrough.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing the Importation of such fine Italian organzine Silk into this Kingdom, from any Port or Place whatsoever, as shall have been /hipped on or before the Time to be therein mentioned: And that Mr. Nugent, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. West, Mr. Hardinge, and Mr. Amyand, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Wastes or Commons called Brancepeth and Sfockleij Moors or Commons, within the Manor and Pai ifh of Brancepethr in the County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Nugentpresented to the House, according to Or- Imp'rt t*ca der, a Bill for allowing the Importation of such line Italian organzine Silk into this Kingdom, from any Port or Place whatsoever, as shall have been shipped on or before the Time to be therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Commissioners of the Land Tax Lantl Tax acting in and for the Liberty of the Duchy of Lancaster, inhabitants in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, on behalf of cf

themselves, and others, Proprietors and Owners of SomersetHouse Lands and Buildings within the said Liberty, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Liberty was charged, and did accordingly raise, by the Act of the 4th of William and Alary, towards the Land Tax for that Year, £.6,476 10s 6id. and so in proportion towards every Aid granted by a Land Tax since; and that the Lands and Hereditaments within the said Liberty have from time to time not only been affeftedat the utmoli improved Rents, but the empty Houses have been also rated at the Half thereof, of which many have been annually, and now.are, unoccupied; and that the Palace of Somerset House was rated and paid, in the said Fourth Year of William and Mary,

£.192, which was annually paid until the Year 1707, lince which time the Deficiency hath been raised by the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty; and that Numbers of Families have for many Years resided in, and occupied most of, the Apartments and Buildings within, and belonging to, the said Palace, and that the said Palace hath been annually rated and assessed towards the Land Tax; but the said Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Apartments and Buildings within, and belonging to, the said Palace, have evaded orrefufed the Payment of the said Tax, to the Prejudice of the Proprietors and Owners of other the Lands and Buildings within the said Liberty: And therefore praying, That a Clausemav be added, in the Bill now depending, for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year^S, to oblige the Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Apartments and Buildings within, and belonging to, the said Palace, to pay their Proportion of Land lax with the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty, or to grant such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Veneris, 16° die Decembris;

Anno 31° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757. Prayers.

Dr. Eutier /~\RD ERED, That Sir Edward Walpole, Knight of to Pr^h on the most honourable Order of the Bath, and Mr. Fad Day, Charles Townfield of Great Yarmouth, be added to the Gentlemen who* are appointed to desire Doctor John Butler to preach before this House at Saint Margaret's Westminster, upon Friday the 17th Day ot' February next, being the Day appointed by his Majesty’s Royal Proclamation for a General Fall.

Brancepeth Mr. Bowes presented to the House, according to Or-inclosure.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Suppjy Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Duties oa continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties Malt‘ upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1758, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which , they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the.Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tiie Lord Barrington presented to the House, accord- M A-rm>':, ing to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion;

and


31 Geo. II. 8° — 90

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir John Philipps, and Mr. Bowes, do pre« pare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved 'itself into a Committee of the rfGrain.&c w^e House, to take into Consideration the present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he wasdirected by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.,

nejolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 90;

Anno 31* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757.

Pr AYER s.

Lyme TV yTR. Thomas Fane reported from the Committee, to Rrgis XVA whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Roads. Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of Lyme Res'is, in the County of Dorset, and of the Counties of Dorset and Devon, whose Names are subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Benjamin Follett said, That the several Roads mentioned in the Petition are very narrow, and in many Places founderous; and in WinterTime frequently overflowed, so as to be rendered impassable, and that the Statute-work is infuffieient to repair the fame.

Joseph Cotlarrall confirmed Mr. Follett's Evidence; and said. That feme-of the Roads open a Communication to several large Towns on the Sea Coast, and is the ancient Road from Ckarmouth to Exeter.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Henry Fane, and Mr. Bankes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Wav* The House resolved itself into a Committee of the and Means, whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the Housewill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton aHb acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Decembris. 17

A Message, by Mr. ghiarme, Deputy Gentleman Royal Assent Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’sCommission for declaring his Royal Assent to an Act, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers:

Where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to a public Bill therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumber land,\he Lord Arch-bishop of Canterbury, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, the LordPresidentoftheCouncil, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; and that the Archbishop of Canterbun/, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, and Earl Gower, named in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; which Bill is as followeth; viz.

An Act for continuing certain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an A6, made in the same Session, for discontinuing the Duties upon Com and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships; and to authorize his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order and permit the Exportation of such Quantities of the Commodities aforesaid as may be necessary for the Suftentation of any Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, or of those of his Majesty s Allies acting in Support of the common Cause; and to prohibit the Payment of any Bounty, upon the Exportation of any of the said Commodities, to be made during the Continuance of this Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend have Leave to make a Militia: Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having a Member taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declara* takes Oaths, tion, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Ordered, Nemineconlradicente. That Leave be given Militia; to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Townjhencl, Mr. Nor they, the Lord George Sackville, Mr. Cooke, the Marquis of Granby, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Stanley, Sir William Beauchamp ProBor,

Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. George Pitt, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Grenville,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Elliott, Mr.

Hanger, Mr. Vyner junior, Mr. Roft Fuller, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. John Fuller, Mr. Cholmondeley,

Mr. Bagot, Sir Charles Mordaunt, and Sir George Montgomerie Metham, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 28.

F

2 S 17° — 190 D 1757.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Recruiting

the

Land Forces

A Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was read a Second time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ref dived. That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to his ^MaTt °n Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 17 58, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of t he Year 1758.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Land Tax. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1758, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Olefk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one*, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lutuey 19* die Decembris;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

Earl of \ ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sandwich’s jCx. to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Wellbore Ellis (and others) Esquire, and Thomas Potter Esquire, to take in Great Qualification. ]jriyajn the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom 01Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. More, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Clift, Mr. Chelivynd, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Martin, Mr. Fane, Mr. Dawnay, Mr. Coven-tiy, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Hume, Sir John Crojffi, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Matthew Lambe, ?vlr. Alder-marr DickinJ'oni Mr. Morton, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bowes, Sir Piercy Brett, Mr. West, Lord Verney, Mr. Charlton, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Bold, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Hammond, Colonel yVCourt.\ Mr. Cooke, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Aidworth, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Ludowick Grant, Mr. Cngley, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Potter, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Shelley, Sir Georgel.ee, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Trancis Poole, Mr. White, Mr. Earle: And they are to meet this Afiei noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door.

He was called in.; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of all Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread,

Biscuit, and Starch, that have been exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the Commencement of an Act of Parliament made in the 30th Year of his present Majesty, to the ill Day December 1757: And also.

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and \X\e Greenlanders, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged, and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported, from the ictk of October 1750.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the First of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into further Consideration the present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread,

Biscuit, and Starch.

Ordered, That the other of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Selliou.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, Supply Bill; by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Laud Tax* Service of the Year 1758, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be,

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1758; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to beaflefled upon Somerset 'Housein the Strand.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and Lee(Ij>

Land-owners, residing in the Towns of Leeds, Wakefield, &c.

Barnsley, and Sheffield, in the County of York, and others, Roads,

living near, or travelling on, the Road leading from Leeds to Sheffield aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road between the said Towns of Leeds and Sheffield, through Wakefield and Barnsley, is in many Places very narrow, and in the Winter and rainy Seasons deep and founderous, andcaqnoc be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill foV the widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-amine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dawnay, Lord Downe, Mr.

Martin, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Calvert, Sir Geo. Montgomerie Metham, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Brudencll, Mr. Champion, Mr. Bowes, Mr. More, Mr. Boone, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Hardinge, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Crcjfe,

Mr. Cocks, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cooke, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Wilkes, Lord Verney, Mr. Cholmley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir )P illiam Codrington,

Mr. Edgcumbe, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Sel:atn, Lord Galway, Mr. Fanshaw, Sir Charles Howard, Mr. Freeman, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Jenyns, Admiral Frank-land, Mr Waller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cum- I

berland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, I

Papers, and Records. . I

A Peti- I

Accounts of Corn.

Whate

Fishery.


Endowment of the Fifty new Churches.

31 Geo. II. 19 0 Decembris.29

A Petition of John Hexjlin Doctor in Divinity, Rector Commissioners; and applying and disposing of the Mo-of the Church of Saint Mary le Strand, in the County of ney, aril] ng by such Sale, for defraying the Expence of Middlesex, Joseph Sims Clerk, Rector of the Church of an Act of Parliament, and other Charges under the late

Saint John I hr Evangelist, in the City of Westminster, John Pritchard Clerk, Rector of Christ's Church, in the said County of Middlesex, William SinipfmDoctor in Divinity, Rector of the Church of Saint George, Middlefe. r, Thomas Pa rity Clerk, Rector of the Church olSaint Mary, Strut-ford Bow, in t he County of Middlesex, James Bate Clerk, Rector of the Church of Saint Paid, DepiJ'ord, in the Coun-ty of Kent, Edward Vernon Doctor of Laws, Rector of the Church of Saint George, Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and James Traci Clerk, Rector of the Church of Saint John, Hoj'jleydozvn, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the Ho nib, and read; felting forth, That the said several Churches have been built, consecrated,or endowed, in purfuar.ee of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for granting to her Majesty fevered Duties upon Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westmirfer, and Suburbs thereof, and other Purposes and that in puifuatice of the said Act, and other subsequent%Acts, (Ik- Petitioners have been appointed Rectors of the said Churches respectively; and that several Pieces or Parcels of Ground have been purchased by the Commissioners appointed by the first-mentioned Act, for the Sites of divers other Churches intended to be built pursuant to the said first-mentioned Act, and which, as the Building thereof, lb proposed, could not proceed, remained vested in the said Commissioners, subj'ft to the DispoGtion of Parliament; and mentioning several Sums, which, in pursuance of lbveral Acts of Parliament, were appropriated to be applied in the Purchase of Lands and Hci cditame. ts, to heoonvey-edto, and settled upon the Rectors of the EightChurches above-named, and their Succedo.s, towards their Maintenance respectively, and which were in the mean lime to be placed out in the public Funds, for their Benefit; and also mentioning the several principal Sums in South Sea Annuity Stock, which have been purchased for the Benefit of the Rectors of the said Churches, except for the Rector of the Church of Saint George, Bloomsbury > and alleging, that Part of the Sum of £. 3,000, appropriated for the Benefit of the Rector of the said Church of Saint George, Bloomsbury, was laid out in the Purchase of Lands and Tenements in the County of Kent, which are now' veiled in, and held by, him; and that the Re-fnlue thereof was laid out in the Purchase of £. 325. 11 s. 3d. in South Sea Annuities; and that the fail several principal Sums are now Handing in the Name of the late Treasurer of the said Commissioners, in the Books of the South Sea Company; and who, by Order of the said Commilhoners, was allowed a yearly Sum for receiving the Dividends of the said Stock, and paying and distributing thereof unto andamongstthe said several Rectors; and that the said Commissioners were of Opinion, that it might be proper to apply to Parliament for a private Bill, to enable the said Rectors to receive the Dividends of the said Annuity Stock, without the Expence of a Salary to a Treasurer, and for the Sale and Disposition of the Lands that bad been purchased for the Sites of the other new Churches so proposed to be built, and which cannot now take Effect; and for applying the Produce thereof to defray the Expence of an Act of Parliament for this Purpose, and the Charges under the late Commiliicns, and to increase the Maintenance of such of the said Rectors as had not been endowed with Lands, such Maintenance appearing to be considerably lelfened by the Reduction of the Interest of the public Funds: And then fore praying the House to give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for veiling and settling the said South Sea Annuities so appropriated for, and belonging to, the Petitioners as aforesaid, so as that they respectively may receive the Dividends thereof without any Deduction; and also for felling the Lands so purchased for the Sites of other Churches, and now vested in the said Vol. 28.

Commissions, and for augmenting the Maintenance of the Petitioner: and their Successors, in proportion to the several Sum> of Money so appropriated for that Purpose.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his M a jetty,. having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Content, as far as his Majesty may be concerned, therein, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and repoFt the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Crofje, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Nugent, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Shelley, Mr. West, Mr. Yorke, Lord Middleton, Mr. llardinge, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Morton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Potter, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fane, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Conyers D' Arcy, Mr. Sandys, Lord Rovston, Mr. More, Mr. Roje Fuller, Mr. Brand, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Westfaling, Sir Francis Drake, Mr: Tucker, Lord Dozone, Mr. Coventry, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Edgcumbe, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir George Lee, Mr. Frederick, Lord Villiers, Mr. Thoro-ton, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. EL lit, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Boone, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Sekvipi, Mr. Dodington; and all the Members who serve ifor the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of such fine Italian organzine Silk into this Kingdom, from any Port or Place whatsoever, as shall have been shipped on or before the Time to be therein mentioned, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itft-lf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nugent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nitgenl reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

APetition of the principal West Country Bargemasters, and Owners of Vessels, navigating upon the River Thames between the City of Oxford and the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That an Act, patted the last Session of Parliament, for Building a Bridge, or Bridges, cross the River of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey j and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that, in case the said Bridge, or Bridges, should be built at the said Place called Smith or Smith's Hill, the Navigation of the Rive/, and the Trade thereof, would be greatly obstructed, if not totally ruined: And therefore praying, That the House will appoint a Committee, before whom the Petitioners may attend, and make it appear in what manner the Navigation and Trade of the River will be obstructed and hurt, in case the said I Bridge,

Importation of Italian Silk.

Bridge over the Thames at Brentford.

4

20

13° Decembris

A 1757

Ways and Means.

Agmondesham, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 20 June

1757 --- ^636 — 8

Hire of Horses and Drivers for the said Trains, from 20

June to 22 OBober 1757 -.....2,279 16 4

----- 15,620 13 10

Towards completing the Lines, and erecting convenient Receptions to lodge Troops for Security and Defence of Por tfmouth, Plymouth, and Chatham Docksy as also for Intrenchments at Gosport, and additional Works at Dover and Pendennis Cattles, pursuant to his Majesty’s Orders, 12 April and 31 July 1756, and 24 June 1757 ----- 26,907 16 2

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange on account of £. s. d.

Alterations and Additions to the Fortifications, new Lines,

Batteries, and Works, at Gibraltar - 14,794 9 4

Charge of Timber, Iron, Coals, Musquet Shot, and other Stores, sent there in 1757 - - - - 4,923 13 n

*9>7l8 3 3

On which Account hath been granted by Parliament, inEfti-

mate 1757 ----- 8,000 — —

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, Eleven Regiments of Dragoons, and Twenty-five Regiments of Foot, in Great Britain, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant,

9 December 1757 - -

Pay of Officers and Artificers that attended the Train of Artillery on the late Expedition on the Coast of France, from 8 July to 16 November 1757, with the Hire of Horses, Drivers, and Incidents, pursuant to his Majesty’s Orders, 8, 14, and 25 July, 3, 4, and 8 August, 1757, in which Sum no Freight is charged, the Tianfports having been provided by the Lords of the Admiralty -

The Charge of an Engineer and Civil Officers at the Settlement of Halifax in Nova Scotia, and Bills of Exchange paid for carrying on the current Service there, from 1 OBober 1755 to 31 December 1757, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 10 December 1757 -

11,7l8

6,165

1,927

M53

3 3

11 2

6 7

11 210,301 17 3

£ 391,807 7 3

Savings arising from the Vacancy of the Post of Chief Engineer for March Quarter 1757, amounting to the Sum of £. 125. 9. 4. which remains uniffued to this Office of the Sum granted for Service of the Year 1757.

Ligonier, Charles Frederick, W. R. Earle, A. Wilkinson, J. S. Charlton.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House3 which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table3 where the same was read 5 and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Thirtieth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1758, be farther continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain* from the23d Day of 77*7^1758, to the 24th Day of June 1759.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, the Lord Duncamon, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr, West, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

15

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land-owners, and others, of the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for themselves, and on behalf of many others; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land-owners, and others the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Ragland, Landenny, Brungivin, Dingijtow, Tregare, Lantilo, Grojjenne, Penrofe, Lanvi-hangell, and Ujke, and others in their Neighbourhood, in the County of Monmouth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for themselves, and on behalf of many others 3 were severally referred. That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions 3 and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table 3 where the same was read 3 and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Valentine Morris, Esquire, and Mr. William Tanner, being severally examined, said. That the several Roads described in the said Petition are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being 3 but that if Provision was made for that Purpose, it would be of great Convenience to the Trade of the said Counties, and to the Public in general.

To

Magor

to

Chepstow

Road.

51 Geo. II.

12° — 11° Decemhris.

2i

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Valentine 3/orw Esquire, being examined, said, That the Pod Road leading from the Village of Ragland to the Town of Ujke is in so ruinous a Condition, that Carriages and Persons on Hovfeback cannot pass through the fame* without great Difficulty and Danger; and that the Laws in being are insufficient effectually to repair and amend the lame.

The Evidence of Mr. Morris was confirmed by Mr. James Price.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from tire Village of Magor to the Bridge Foot in the 1'own of Chepstow, in the county of f Monmouth , and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and GlouCeJler: And that Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Thomas Morgan, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. William Morgan, and Mr. Thomas Morgan junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the Chunties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Beg is: And the same \vas received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will,upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways The House resolved itself into a Committee of the and Means. wp0}e House, to consider further of Ways and Means for . taifing the supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Char lion took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Charlton reported from the Committee, That they bad Come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may hfcve Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lyme

Regis

Rouds.

Supply.

Martis, 130 die;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1757. Prayers.

rI^IIE House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford, A from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Account An Account of the Quantity of Grain and Meal im-of Grain, ported into England from Michaelmas 1756 to Michael-&c* mas 1757,distinguisfting the several Species, the Places Imported, from wjlence brought, and the Ports at which imported* And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the y^holeHouse, to whom it is referred to Vol. 28,

take into further Consideration the present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account; count, of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, dispose- Spund 8

able by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 10th Day of October lad.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to S^J*rcs^; Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty . ^alt. certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1758: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Ways

Committee of the whole House, to wrhom it was referred an<* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tablb; where the same was read; and '

is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and personal Estates, and also the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound upon Offices and Pensions, be raised in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tzveed, within the Space of One Year, from the Twenty-fifthDay of Afdrch 1758; and that aproportionableCels, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nerninc contradicente, That the House do agreewith the Committeeinthesaid Resolution, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and personal Estates, and also the sum of Four Shillings in the Pound upon Offices and Pensions, be raised in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales,and Tovix\ofBerwick upon Tweed, within the Space of One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight 5 and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, the Lord Duncannon, Mr. James Grenville, Nlv. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Militia an Estimate of what may be the Change of the Militia Eihmate. upon the Plan of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England; and to make Report thereof to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Townshend,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Grenville, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Nor they. Lord Barrington, Mr, Potter, Lord George Sackville, Mr, Alderman DickinJ'on, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir James Creed, Mr. Kynajlofi, Sir AlattheiO Lambe, Mr. Fe Howes, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Onfozb,

Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Molyneux, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Richard Lloyd, Nit.

Wilkes, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Campbell, Lord North,

Mr.RoJ'e Fuller, Mr. Lee, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Vyner junior, Mr. Alderman Beckford,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Charlton, Mr. stortw, Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

G SmithL-

22

Smithy Mr. Bagot, Mr. Morton, Mr. Aldzvorlli, Admiral Frankland, Mr. Wa/r, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Sa/nlys, Mr. Mabbotty Mr. George Pitt, Mr. &//;*/, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Buller, Mr. Bayntun,' Mr. Belchier, Mr. Colebrook, the

130 — 140 Decembris.

4.1757-

Robert Berkley Freeman Esquire, being examined, informed your Committee, That the Hoads, directed by the said Acts to be repaired, are Thirteen Miles and a Half long; and that Two '1'urnpikes only have been eroded, the one at Cirencester, the other at Clay Hill;

and that the Hoads are in as bad a Conditio

'i uc unv 1»

Marquis of Granby, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. Hume: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Slilitr. Ordered, That Sir Francis Dashxvood, Sir John CuJ}, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Charles Tozvnjhend, Mr Charles Toxch/hend of Yarmouth, the Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Banker, and Mr. Molyneux, he added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain, amend, and , enforce, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

The other Order of the Day being read;

HighPrice. . ^Thc House resolved itself into a Committee of fbe *f Grain,&c. whole House, to take into furtherConfjderation thepre-sent high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Bif-cuit, and Starch*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them . referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Rejoiced, "That this House will, upon the First Day of the Sitting of the House after the approaching Christmas Recess, refolveitfelfintoa Committee of the whole House,

to take into further Consideration the presenthigh Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, \ die Decembris \

Anno 31* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1757.

; Prayers.

Cirencester. J'R. Dure;? a?; reported from the Committee, to whom

Roads. ^yX the Petition of the Trustees, named and ap-

"pointed in and by virtue of the several Acts of Parliament therein after-mentioned, and of the Inhabitants of Cirencaster, in the County of Gloucester, and of several other Parishes and Places of and in the same County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was in Part read.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Residue of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Ad of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First was read; whereby it appeared, that the said Act was made for repairing the said Road, and was to continue in Force, from the First Day of June 1727, for the Term of Twenty-one Years.

Then an Act, made in the 15th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was read, (or enlarging the 'Term and Powers of the said Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty, whereby the ’Term was further enlarged for Twenty-one Years: Then,

lb

the Kingdom:

That £. 1,700 is now owing, upon Mortgage, upon the Credit of the said Tolls, which, as well as the Income of the "Tolls, has been duly laid out in repairing llie Roads; but that, after Payment of4he Iutcrc.lt Money and Salaries, the remaining Produce of the said "Tolls cloth not exceed 115 or 120L per Annum s which Sum is insufficient to repair the said Roads* though the several Parishfs were to perform their Statute-work, the Roads being excessively damaged by the Pallage of Broad Wheeled Waggons, loaded with excellive Weight*, which are exempt from the Payment of Toll.

Then the said first-nientioned Act was read3 whereby it appeared, that the Toll was only to be paid once a Day at both the said Turnpikes; and by the Act of the 1 3th Year of his present Majesty it appeared. That the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Sher bo urn, Farmington, Turk dean,- Boitrion on the Haler, and its Hamlets of Slaughter, Xorthleach, II(impact, Ea/lington, Coin St. Dennis, Coin Rogers, Biburij and its Hamlets, Barnsley, and AJivorth, are exempted from the Payment of any Toll. "Then,; ,

Robert Berkley Freeman Iifquire, being further examined, said, That the Street leading from the High Cross at Cirencester to the Town’s End, leads into the aforesaid Road, and is in a very ruinous Condition, being torn all to Pieces by Carriages, seldom less than 20 Broad Wheeled Waggons passing through it in a Day: "That the uiuai Method of repairing the said Street has been by the several Inhabitants paving before their own Doors; but that the present Inhabitants are very poor, and incapable of doing it.

My. Henry Jane, being examined,confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Freeman, so far as relates to the ruinous Condition of the said Roads and Street.

The TIoufe was moved,.'That an Act, made in flic 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the "Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the'Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cirencester Town’s End to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the Act of the 15th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the "Term and Powers granted by an Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Cirencester\s Town’s End to Saint Johns Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, as directs, that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Hamlets therein named ilia.ll pass Toll-free: and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Cirencester to the Town’s End there; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Daumay, Sir George Montgomerie Metham,<md the Lord Dozvnc, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, That the Chamberlain of the City of London attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, prefeuted to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief’ of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, on the 5th Day of July 1737: And al so*.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of the Act to improve, widen, an<l enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge, from the 14th Day of December 1756, exdufive', to the 5th Day of December 1757,1 nclulive.

And

Account* from the Chamberlain of London

5iGeo. IL 140 Decembris. 23-

Aml then he withdrew.

Anri the Titles of the fair! Accounts were rend.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be pern fed by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongli the other Papa'S of this Session.

WestminRfr The House. being informed. That Mr. Seddon, from ®ri^* the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the'oppoiite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 30th Day of November 1756, to the 6th Day of December 1757, inclusive: And also.

Accounts of the Treasurer to the CommiflTioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 10th Day of October 1756, to the 10th Day of October 1757.

Anri that he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be peril fed by the Members of the House.

The f«id Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edivards and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Fart of The Lords have pa fled a Bill, intituled, An Act to' enn^e Jc^n Earl of Sandwich, Wellbore Ellis Esquire, and Thomas Potter Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office ns Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and t o qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Odices: To which the Lords deOre the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mo hungers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bril be read a Second time.

Account Re/olved, That an humble Address be presented to his tf Money Majesty, that he will be graciously pleated to give Directed on tions, that an Account be laid before this House, of all Add refits. qlTrns of Money which have been issued by his Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by this House.

Estimate Rejoiced, That an humble Address be presented to his of building Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Direc-Ships. tions to the proper Officers, that there be laid before this House,. an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 175S.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s 1110ft honourable Privy Council.

Brancepeth A Petition of William Bcla/u/e Esquire, Lord of the Indoture. Manor of Brancepeth, in the County of Durham, and also of the several Freeholders and Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, who(c Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and other Freeholders, and Owners of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the said Manor of Brancepeth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are Two Commons, or Trails of wafie Ground,.lying contiguous to each other, within the said Manor, t he one called Brancepeth Moor or Common, containing 900 Acres, and upwards; the . other called 'Sleckley Common, containing 400 Acres, and upwards; and that the said William Bdajyje, as Lord of the said Manor, is intitled lo t he Soil of the said Commons; and the Petitioners, and others of the Freeholders and Laud-owners of and within the said Ma-

Vol. 28.

nor, are intitled to departure their commonable Cattle upon the said Commons or Moors; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Commons may be divided, inclosed, and allotted, unto and among the Lord of the said Manor and the several Freeholders and Land-owners intitled to Common Right upon the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bril, pursuant to the Prajrer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Rotces and Mr. Crofter do prepare, and bring in, the fame. f

A Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1758, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejoined, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon’ the said Bill.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1758: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Thomas, Rector of Saint Peter's, Corn hill, London, be deli red to preach before this House at St. Margaret's, Westmin/er, upon Monday the 30th Day of January next; and that Mr. Ilardinge, Sir John Barnard, and Mr. George Onslow, do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor John Butler,-Mill ifter of Great Yarmouth, be clefired to preach before this House at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, upon Friday the 17th Day of February next, bu\ng the Day appointed by his Majesty’sRoyal Proclamation for a Gene-' ral Fall; and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Potter, and Sir John Crojft, do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of several Merchants, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Silk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others the Mer^ chants. Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Silk in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That, in consequence of an Act passed last Session, for the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk until the First Day of December 1757, the Petitioners gave Orders to their Correspondents abroad to fend large Quantities of such Silk, through Germany, to Hamburgh arid Holland, which, in the common Course of Things, might probabl y have arrived at London before the said Act expired, if the Carriage thereof had not been protracted by the great Rains and Inundations in Italy and Gennany, in the Months of August and September last, which rendered the Roads for many Wdeks unpayable; so that by Unlucky Accidents onShore, and Storms and contrary Winds after the said Silk was shipped, it could not pofli-bly arrive within the Time limited by the said Act; and alleging, that unless the said Silk be admitted to an Entry, the Petitioners will be great Sufferers, th^ Manufacture ’greatly prejudiced, and the good End and Purpose of the said Act in a great measure fr ultra ted: And therefore praying the House to take the Premiles' into Confederation, and give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for allowing the Introduction of all such fine 7/tf//tf/2organzine Silk, as shall appear to have been shipped in Holland and Hamburgh for London, on any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, on or before the Time limited by the said Act for the Importation thereof into this Kingdom, or to grant them such other Relief as to the House shall fbem meet.

The

Supply Bill;’ D uties on

Malt.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Dr. Thomas to preach bn 30th Jan.’

Dr. Butler to preach on Fall-day.

Importation' of ftaiian Silk.

34 22° — 23 0 Decembris.\6* Januarii. A. 1758.

the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight, without any Amendment: And also,

Importation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Aftr °fSiTk aQ ^or ^owin£ Importation of such fine Italian organ-zine Silk into this Kingdom, from any Port or Place whatsoever, as shall have been shipped on or before the Day therein mentioned, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

iThe Order of the Day being read;

Recruiting The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Land Forces whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty's Laud forces and Marines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

lyir. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Housewill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Three Weeks, the 16th Day of January next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 230 die Decembris;

Anno 3i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

Adjournment. jpESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rifiqg *V of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Three Weeks, the 16th Day of January next.

Royal Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Mr. 2uarme, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public Bills, and to One private Bill following; viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cvder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight;

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be assessed upon Some?jet House in the Strand:

An Act for allowing the Importation of such fine Italian organzine Silk into this Kingdom, from any Port Or Place whatsoever, as shall have been shipped on or before the Day therein mentioned:

An Act to enable John Earl of Sandwich^ Wellbore Ellis Esquire, and Thomas Potter Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Pay mailer General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

0

Land Tax Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Commissioner*. appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousandSevenhundred and Fifty-eight; and forenforce-ing the Payment of the Rates to be assessed tipoi^Somerset

*7

House in the Strand: And that Mr. Ilardinge and Mr. . Samuel Martin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this House, do prepare Lifts,fairly written, of Commissioners Names for executing the said Act for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at Length.

Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported from Army the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Mutiny for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; was. terion committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Three Weeks, the 16th Day of January next.

Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

LuneZy 16® die Janttarii j

Anno 31* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

IT) ESOL VED, Nemine contradicente. That an hum-A- ble Address be presented to his Majesty, to condole with his Majesty on the unfortunate Death of that most virtuous and excellent Princess, his Majesty's Daughter, the Princess Caroline.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed, That ?Ir. Poirier, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1757 — The Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, distinguishing every Article of Expence " under it’s proper Title."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Tile laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, in the room of James Dawkins Esquire, deceased.

-----«IUICII3, WCI ICC

of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Ma Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, who Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to tl House, and read; setting forth, That many Disputesat Difficulties havearifen, in the said Parish, touchingtl ascertaining and collecting of the Rates made fortheR lief and Maintenance of the Poortfierein; andallegin that the Petitioners apprehend the makiuga generalequ

Pout

Death of the Princess Caroline.

African

Company*

Hindoft

Writ.

Sr. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey Poor.

G00glC

Supply.

31 Geo.

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Power vested in the Trustees by the Act of the Four-and-twetitieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, with respect to borrowing Money on the Credit of the Tolls; and that, instead of the Tolls and Duties directed to be taken by the said Act, such other Tolls and Duties may be taken, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet; and that the Term, for which the said Act was to have Continuance, may be enlarged.

Ordered, That the said petition be referred to the Consideration of a Camtnittjee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; <and report the fame, as it ill all appear to 1 hem, to the? House:

And it is referred to Mr. Morion, Mr. Anson, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fdlowes, Mr. Lyjier, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Sandi/s, Mr. Prowj'e, Sir John Crnjfe, Mr. Jlt'J'cy, Sir Chdrles Mordaunt, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Crofter, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Nor-they, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hardinge,

25

Mr. IVilley^lr. Pole, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hume, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Balter,'Mr. Cocks, Mr. Lidtrell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Calvert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Gtoucester, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, That Mr. Wilford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; ,

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, disposeable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 10th of October 1757.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

150 Decefnbris.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, disposeable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the Tenth Day of October 1757.

THE Money remaining in the Exchequer, disposeable by Parliament of the Produce of the Sinking Fand, for the Quarter ending the Tenth Day of October 1757, amounts to the Sum of Ninety-three thousand Three hundred Seventy-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings.

Edward Wilford.

Exchequer, the 15th Day of December 1757.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported fnom the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was referred to confuler further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read; and are as followelh; viz.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aNumber of Land Forces, including Four thousand and Eight Invalids, amounting to Fifty-three thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven effective Men,* Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Service of the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One million Two hundred Fifty-three thousand Three hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Fifty-three thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven effective Men, for Guards and Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jerfiy, for the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand Four hundred Fifty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year

1758*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Twenty-three thousand Seven hundred Four Pounds and Two Pence, he granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons iuMwa Scotia, Newfoundland^ ibr altar, -and Providence, for the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-three thousand Nine hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Four Shillings and Two

Vol. *8.

Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four Regiments of foot on the Irish Efta. blishment, serving in North America and the East Indies, for the Year 1758.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: And that the Lord Barrington and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines: And that the Lord Barrington, Mr. Thomas Gore, and Mr. Charles Townshend, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1758.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to di-rest, that the Deficiency, Which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1758, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1756, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1758.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Gbni-mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee; That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-H ments

Army 5 Mutiny and Desertion.

Recruiting

the

Land Forces.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt.

26 150 — i 6° Decembm.A. 1757.

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Hotife will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Importation Mr. Nugent reported from the Committee, to whom of Italian the Petition of the several Merchants, Dealers in, and SiIk* Manufacturers of, Silk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others the Merchants, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Silk, in this Kingdom, was referred, That the Committee had exa- -mined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act of the 30th Year of his present Majesty was read, whereby it appeared, that Leave was given for the Importation of tine organzined Italian Thrown Silk from any Port or Place, or in any Ship or Vessel what-feever, until the ift Day of December 1757: And, Lewis Mendes Esquire, informed your Committee, That, upon passing of the said Act, himself and several other Italian Merchants gave Orders to their Correspondents abroad to fend large Quantities of such Silk through Germany to Hamburgh: Then,

GeorgePrefcott Esquire, produced to your Committee a Letter, dated the 13th of September, from Balzatio, a Town in Germany; which was read, and wherein his Correspondent informs him, that, his Goods were arrived there, but could not come forward, on account of the Badness of the Roads, and that the Bridges had been carried away by Inundations.

Then the Petitioners produced to your Committee fe-reral Bills of Lading; whereby it appeared, that large Quantities of Italian organzined Thrown Silk had been shipped at Hambrough for London, between the 27th of September and the 29th of November: Then,

Joseph Treves Esquire produced to your Committee a Letter from John Thornton, his Factor at Hambroughy dated the 18th of November, which was read; whereby it appeared, that the Ships, in which the said Silks were shipped, were, at the time of the Date of the said Letter, Hill detained by contrary Winds at Hambrough.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing the Importation of such fine Italian organzine Silk into this Kingdom,from any Port or Place whatsoever, as shall have been shipped on or before the Time to be therein mentioned: And that Mr. Nugent, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Westy Mr. Hardinge, and Mr. Amyand, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Wastes or Commons called Brancepefh and Stockier/ Moors or Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Brancepe/hK in the County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Nugentpresented to the House, according to Or- Imp'it tVa der, a Bill for allowing the Importation of such line Italian organzine Silk into this Kingdom, from any Port 1 or Place whatsoever, as shall have been shipped on or before the Time to be therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Ite/olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Commissioners of the Land Tax Land Tax acting in and for the Liberty of the Duchy of Lancaster, x , ?[ in the Strand, in the County of Middlefe.r, on behalf of cf themselves, and others, Proprietors and Owners of SomersetHoufi* Lands and Buildings within the said Liberty, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Liberty was charged, and did accordingly raise, by the Act of the 4th of William and Mary, towards the Land Tax for that Year, £.6,476 ior 6{d. and so in proportion towards every Aid granted by a Land Tax since; and that the Lands and Hereditaments within the said Liberty have from time to time not only been assessed at the utmoll improved Rents, but the empty Houses have been also rated at the Half thereof, of which many have been annually, and now.are, unoccupied; and that the Palace of Somerset lloufc was rated and paid, in the said Fourth Year of William and Mary, £.192, which was annually paid until the Year 1707,

?ince which time the Deficiency hath been raised by the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty; and that Numbers of Families have for many Years resided in, and occupied nioft of, the Apartments and Buildings within, and belonging to, the said Palace, and that the said Palace hath been annually rated and assessed towards the Land Tax; but the said Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Apartments and Buildings within, and belonging to, the said Palace, have evaded orrefufed the Payment of the said Tax, to the Prejudice of the Proprietors and Owners of other the Lands and Buildings within the said Liberty: And therefore praying, That a Clausemav be added, in the* Bill now depending, for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Yeari758, to oblige the Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Apartments and Buildings within, and belonging to, the said Palace, to pay their Proportion of Land Tax with the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty, or to grant such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Feneris, 16° die Decembris; Anno 310 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757,

Prayers.

Dr. Eutler r\RDER ED, That Sir Edward Walpole, Knight of to preach on t|ie most honourable Order of the Bath, and Mr.

FastDay, Charles Toicnfhend of Great Yarmouth, be added to the Gentlemen who* are appointed to desire Doctor John Butler to preach before this House at Saint Margaret's Westminster, upon Friday the 17th Day of February next, being the Day appointed by his Majesty’s Royal Proclamation for a General Fast.

Brancepeth

Incloiurc.

Mr. Bowes presented to the House* according to Or-

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for OQ

continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties Mait* upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1758, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which . they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the.Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, accord- 4

ingtoOrder, a Billforpunishing Mutinyand Desertion; v&rion.

and

Land Tax Commissii ners.

Marine

Forces

Regulation.

Navy

Debt.

Leeds,

&c.

Hoad.

Expiring

Law$.

Price of Grain, &c.

Ways and M«ans.

Supply!

; Recruiting the jLand Forces.

31 Geo. II.

1 6* — 17* Januarii.

37

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be pernfed by the Members of the House.

Mr. IJardinge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners for puttingin Execution an Act, of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1758; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be assessed upon Sumerfet House in the Strand; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned fill Tommorrow' Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 170 die Anno 310 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758. PxAYERS.

Shrewsbury

Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty *s marine Forces while on Shore: And that Mr. Hunter and Doctor Hay do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it flood at Christmas last, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That Sir Lionel Pilkington be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and Land-owners, residing in the Towns of Leeds, Wakefield, Barnsley, and Sheffield, in the County of York, and others living near, or travelling on, the Road leading from Leeds to Sheffield aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Ellis Cimliffe, Sir Francis Pooley Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. llardinge, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Ellis, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Smith, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Hume, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr, Kynaston, Mr. More, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Palmer, Mr. George Onjlozv, Mr. Briftozv, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Cocks, Mr. West, Mr. Cooke, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Martin, General Cornwallis, Mr. Campbell, Lord Strange, Mr, Tozonjhend, Lord Verney, Mr. Vaughan, Sir George Montgomerie Met ham, Mr. Grenville, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Pye, Mr. Henry Fane, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Yorkc, Mr. Fellow cs, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Hammond, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Olmius, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Harris, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Affleck, Lord Dozonc, Mr. Duffle; and all the Gentlemen of the long Robe; and all the Merchants of the IToufe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tkurfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fur flier of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 28.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

and others, residing in or near Minfierley, in the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice.

That a Petition hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for wideningand repairing the Road from Slirewfbury,through Hanwood, to Pontesbury, and several other Roads in the said Petition mentioned; and setting forth, that the Road from Pontesbury to Minfer ley aforesaid is, in the Winter Season, very ruinous, deep, and dangerous, and in several Parts thereof very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That the said Road, leading from Pontesbury to Minfierley, may be included in the Bill prayed by the said Petition, so as to be amended, widened, and repaired, in like manner as the other Roads in the said Petition mentioned; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing in or near the Towns of Shrewsbury and Oswestry, in the County of Salop, and the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That their Address of Yellerday, to condole with his Majesty on the unfortunate Death of that most virtuous and excellent Princess, his Majesty’s Daughter, the Princess Caroline, had been presented to his Majesty, and that his Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in ^an(J Tax Executionan Act, of this Session of Parliament,intituled, Commissioners, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1758; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be assessed upon SomerJ'et House in the Strand; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Death of Princcts Caroline*

House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for repairing the Road from the Village of Ma-gor to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chepfiozv, in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Glouccjier, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Harvey, Lord Gage, Mr. Mor rice. Lord Adam Gordon, Mr Martin, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Calvert, Mr Hunt, Mr. Lee, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Fanshaw, Mr. Rajldeigh, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Fane, Mr. Brudcndl, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Price Campbell, Lord Parker, Mr. George Onslow, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Bateman, Mr. Bridgman fAv. Kynaston, Mr. Chetwynd, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Harley, Mr. Ileitis, Mr. Hume, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Lock-ycr, Mr. Swymmer, Mr. CrofterJslr. Vaughanfsxv Lionel

L P ilking ton.

Magor ro

Chepstow

Road.

a8 170- — 190 Decembris. 757.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the faiil Bill.

Recruiting A Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his the Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was read a Second

Land Forces.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rsfolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; An ingrafted Bill for continuing and granting to his ^Malt°n Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1758, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mura, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1758.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Laud Tax. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for grantingan Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1758, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ltin&y 19* die Decembris;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

Eari of A in?r°ffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sandwich’s JL.jL to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Wellbore Ellis (and others) Esquire, and Thomas Potter Esquire, to take in Great Qualification. Britain the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was rend a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. More, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Chefwynd, Mr. Felloives, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Martin, Mr. Fane, Mr. Dawn ay, Mr. Coven-tnj, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.- Tucker, Mr. Hume, Sir John Crcjjc, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Alder-marr DickinJ'oni Mr. Morton, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bowes, Sir Piercy Brett, Mr. West, Lord Verney, Mr. Charlton, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Bold, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Hammond, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Aldivorth, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Ludowick Grant, Mr. Cngley, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Potter, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Shelley, Sir George Lee, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Trane is Poole, Mr. White, Mr. Earle: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from tire CommissicneiS of the Customs in Scotland,attended at the Door.

it

Me was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of all Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Accounts Biscuit, and Starch, that have been exported from that 0 ("'orn' Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the Commencement of an Act of Parliament made in the 30th Year of his present Majesty, to the 1 ft Day of December 1757: And also.

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland Whate have been employed in the Whale Fiftiery to Davis's flilery* Slreights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged, and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported, from the ioth of October 1750.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the First of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into further Consideration the present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread,

Biscuit, and Starch.

Ordered, That the other of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of thisSession.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, Supply Bill; by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Laud Tax. Service of the Year 1758, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1758; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to beafiefied upon Somerset House in the Strand.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and Leeds, ' Land-owners, residing in the Towns of Leeds, Wakefield, &c. Barnfey, and Sheffield, in the county of * York, and others. Roads,

living near, or travelling on, the Road leading from Leeds to Sheffield aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road between the said Towns of Leeds and Sheffield, through Wakefield and Barnfiey, is in many Places very narrow, and in the Winter and rainy Seasons deep and founderous, and caqnoi; be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill foV the widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa.-amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dawnay, Lord Doione, Mr.

Martin, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Calvert, Sir Geo. Montgomerie Metham, Mr. Chelwynd, MwBrudenell, Mr. Champion, Mr. Bowes, Mr. More, Mr. Boone, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Felloives, Sir JohnCuJl, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Hardinge, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Crrfie,

Mr. Cocks, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cooke, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Wilkes, Lord Verney, Mr. Cholmley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir )Villiam Codringhm,

Mr. Edgcinnbe, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Seluyn, Lord Galxvay, Mr. Fanshaw, Sir Charles Howard, Mr. Freeman, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Jenyns, Admiral Frank-land, Mr Waller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Feti-

3i Geo. II. 190 Decembris.

Endowment of the Fifty new Churche*.

A Petition of John Heulin Dotflor in Divinity, Restor Commissioners; and applying and disposing of the Mo-of the Church of Saint Mary le Strand, in the County of ney, arising by such Sale, for defraying the Expence of Mid (defer, Joseph Sims Clerk, Rector of the Church of an Act of Parliament, and other Charges under the late

Saint John the Fvavgelifl,in the City of West m infer, John Pritchard Clerk, Rector of ChrijVs Church, in the said County of Middlesex, William SimpfonDoctor in Divinity, Rest or of the Church of Saint George, Middlesex, Thomas Parley Clerk, Rector of the Church o\ Saint Mary, Stratford Bow, in t he County of Middlesex, James Bate Clerk, Rector of the Ch u rch of Saint Paul, Deptford, i n t he Co u n-ty o{Kent, Edward Vernon Doctor of Laws, Rector of the Church of Saint George, Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and James Trad Clerk, Rector of t he Church of Saint John, Ho?sley dozen, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That the said severalChurches have been built, consecrated,or endowed, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for granting to her Majesty fevered Duties upon Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and other Purposes and that in pm fiance of the said Act, and other subsequent%Acts, lie* Petitioners have been appointed Rectors of the said Churches respectively; and that, several Pieces or Parcels of Ground have been purchased by the Comiiiifiioners appointed by ihcfirft-mentioned Act, for the Sites of divers other Churches intended to be built pursuant to the said first-mentioned Act, and which, as the Building thereof, lo proposed, could not proc< ed, remained vested in the said Commissioners, subject to the DispoQtion of Parliament; and mentioning several Sums, which, in pursuance of f veral Acts of Parliament, were appropriated to be applied in the P u rch afe of La n' i s a n d He red i t an 1 e,. t s, t o 1) e c o n veyed to, and settled upon the Kedorsof the LightChurches above-named, and their Succedo.s, towards their Maintenance respectively, and which were in the mean time to be placed out in the public Funds, for their Benefit; and also mentioning the several principal Sums in South Sea Annuity Stock, which have been purchased for the Benefit of the Rectors of the said Churches, except for the Rector of the Church of Saint George, Bloomsbury; and alleging, that Part of the Sum of £. 3,000, appropriated for the Benefit of the Rector of the said Church of Saint George, Bloomsbury, was laid out in the Purchase of Lands and Tenements in the County of Kent, which are now vested in, and held by, him; and that the Residue thereof was laid out in the Purchase of £. 325. 11 s. 3d. in South Sea Annuities; and that the said several principal Sums are now Handing in the Name of the late Treasurer of the said Commissioners, in the Books of the South Sea Company; and who, by Order of the said Commissioners, was allowed a yearly Sum for receiving the Dividends of the said Stock, and paying and distributing thereof unto andamougftthe laid several Rectors; and that the said Commissioners were of Opinion, that it might be proper to apply to Parliament for a private Bill, to enable the said Re&ors to receive the 1 >ividends of the said Annuity Stock, without the Expence of a Salary to a Treasurer, and for the Sale and Disposition of the Lands that iiad been purchased for the Sites of the other new Churches so proposed to be built, and which cannot now take Effect; and for applying the Produce thereof to defray the Expence of an Act of Parliament for this Purpose, and the Charges under the late CommilIicns, and to increase the Maintenance of such of the said Rectors as had not been endowed with Lands, such Maintenance appearing to be considerably lelfened by the Reduction of the Interest of the public Funds: And there fore praying the House to give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for veiling and settling the said South Sea Annuities so appropriated for, and belonging to, the Petitioners as aforesaid, so as that they* respectively may receive the Dividends thereof without any Deduction; and also for felling the Lands so purchased for the Sites of other Churches, and now vested in the said Voh. 28.

Commissions, and for augmenting the Maintenance of the Petitioner: and their Successors, in proportion to the several Sum? of Money so appropriated for that Purpose.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty may be concerned, therein, that the House may do therein as they Ilia.ll think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred t'o Si7 John Crojje, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Sack'd lie, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Nugent, Colonel A'Court, Mr Shelley, Mr. Wef, Mr. Yorke, Lord Middle ton, Mr. JIardinge, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Morton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Potter, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fane, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Conyers D' Arty, Mr. aSandy*, Lord Royfon, Mr. More, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Brand, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Westfaling/Sw Francis Drake, Mr; Tucker, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Coventry, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fdgcumhe, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Pradior, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir George Lee, Mr. Frederick, Lord Villiers, Mr. Titoro-ton. Admiral Griffin, Mr. Alderman Dkkinfon, Mr. EL lit, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Boone, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Selzvyn, Mr. Dodington; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of such fine Italian organzine Silk into this Kingdom, from any Port or Place whatsoever, as shall have been lbipped ou or before the Time to be therein mentioned, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nugent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nugezit reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

APetition of the principal West Country Bargemasters, and Owners of Vessels, navigating upon the River Thames between the City of Oxford and the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That an Act, pasted the last Session of Parliament, for Building a Bridge, or Bridges, cross the River of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that, in case the said Bridge, or Bridges, should be built at the said Place called Smith or Smith's Hill, the Navigation of the Rive/, and the Trade thereof, would be greatly obstructed, if not totally ruined: And therefore praying, That the House will appoint a Committee, before whom the Petitioners may attend, and make it appear in what manner the NavigationandTrade of the River will be obstructed and hurt, in case the said I Bridge,

Importation of Italian Silk.

Bridge over the Thames at Brentford.


4

Diyilized by

Ways and Means.

Supply,

Army,

Mutiny,

and

Desertion.

Recruiting the Land Forces.

Supply.

30 190- — 20°

Bridge, or Bridges, should be built at Smith or Smith's Hill; and that the House will make such other Order as they dial 1 think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Origin/, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir John Cvjt, Mr. Boone, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Yorke, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, TsUrJEarlefixr Geo. Montgomerie Metham, Mr. Thorot 01, Mr. Boding Ion, Mr. Fellozces, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ar//-gt'w/, Mr. y/e/e Fuller, Mr. Charles Tozon/hend, Sir/oAn Crojfe, Mr. Sir JW?// Philipps, Mr. Evelyn, Sir i?o

Adr/ Hildyard, Mr. Willy, Mr. Brand, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Potter, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Henry Fane. Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Powell, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. A my and, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Vaughan, Sir George Lee, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir £///> Cunliffe, Mr. Vernon, Lord Ihomond, Mr. Lyjler, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Bacon, Sir Piercy Brett, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. 6^/r, Mr. Brudeuell, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. P#/; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlefer, Berks, Bucks, Oxford, Surrey, and Glouc.ester; and for the Cit y of London: And the y are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perform, Papers and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, disposeable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 10th of October 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Commfttee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refoliitions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plea!?' to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the Floufe, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to* his Majesty; Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Decemhris. \ 1757.

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1758 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been iiTued by his Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addreftesofthis honourable 1 Ioufe, and which have not been made good by tins I louse, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refoliitions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pi case to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart’s, 2 J* die Decemhris \

Anno 310 Georgii IT1 Regis, 1757. Prayers.

MR. Berkeley present od to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor, to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gtoucester; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That Mr. Bigge, from the Commissioners and Trustees appointed for putting in Execution an Act, pasted in the z.\*h Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Car life to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act,

A Book, intituled, 1757 — "TheThirteenth Account " of the Receipts and Disbursements of John Tzceddel " Gentleman, Clerk and Treasurer to and for the Commissioners and Trustees nominated and appointed for " putting in Execution an Act, pasted in the Twentyfourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying out, making, and keeping <c in Repair, a Road proper for the Pallage of Troopk " and Carriages from the City of Carlisle to the Town " of Newcastle upon Tyne, so far as the same relates to, " or concerns, that Part of the said Road which lies in the County of Northumberland" and also,

A Book, intituled, 1757 — " Copies of all the Orders " and Acts of the Commissioners and Trustees, and alfp " the Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of " George Blamire Gentleman, Treasurer to and for the <c said Commissioners and Trustees nominated and ap-<c pointed for putting in Execution an Act, pasted in <c the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying out, making*

Magor

to

Chepstow

Road.

Carlisle

Road,

3iGeo. II. 20° — -2 3

consider further of the Supply granted to ills Majesty;

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1758, be referred to the fa'ul Committee.

Then the Houserefolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took t he Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That . they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave t«» lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Recruiting Ordered, That the Repot t f rom the Committee of the

1 whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedyand efiec-

an rones. tualRecTuiting ofhis Majesty’sLand Porcesand Marines, was committed, be received upon this Day Sevennight.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

JVIcaas nex*> ref°Ive itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of Ways and Means- for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 2 30 die Januarii;

Anno 31° Georgii IP’Regis, 1758. Prayers.

fcirencester ‘‘VTOTICE being taken to the House, That it does Roaus. notappear, by the Report, which, upon Wednesday

the 14th Day of December laii, was made to the ! louse from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees named and appointed in and by virtue of the several Acts of Parliament therein after-mentioned, and of the Inhabitants of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, and of several other Pariibes and Places of and in the saidCoun-ty, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was referred, that any Proceeding was had, before the said Committee, upon that Part of the Prayer of the said Petition which relates to the Enlargement of the Terms and Powers mentioned in the Acts recited in the said Petition.

And the said Petition being again read;

Ordered, That, the said Petition be re-committed, with respect to so much of it as prays that the Terms and Powers mentioned in the Acts therein recited may be enlarged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was referred.

Clrfford’s A Petition of George Clifford was presented to the iNat* House, and read; praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Foncrcau and Mr.* 01 mins do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sr Miry Mr. Hammond reported from the Committee, to whom

M io'.iaien the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thorennto subscribed, was referred,'I hat the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to t he House; and he read the Report

Vol. 23.

0Januarii. 41

in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read ;sand isasfolloweth;ttt£.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Bcriah Hills, being examined, said, That, for several Years past, many Disputes have arisen in the said Parish, in regard to the Legality of the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor; and that, in the Years 1756 and x 757, upwards of £. 100 was expended in Appeals to the Quarter Sessions, which were prosecuted on that account:

That the Poor in the said Parish arc greatly increased:

That the Number of the Poor, in the Year 1750, when he was Overseer, was from 150 to 180; and that, in the Years 1749 and 1750, a Rate of is. in the Pound was sufficient for their Maintenance; but, in the prefen t Year, the Rate; is %s. 6d. and the last Year was 4-v. and their Number is increased to 250:

That it would he a great Advantage to the said Pa-riffi, if an equal Pound Rate could be laid on all the Occupiers of Houses, Buildings, and Lands; hut that such a Rate is not now established by Law: And,

That he apprehends the Officers have not sufficient Power at present to compel the indolent Poor to work, nor to punish them for Misbehavionr.

Mr. William Drear, Vefiry Clerk of the said Parish? confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Hills; and said.

That many of the Poor would be capable of gaining a Livelihood, were they properly employed:

That, in 1 he Year 1756, a Rate was quaffiedby the Quarter Sessions, because persona! Estates were not affcfiecJ: That they were assessed in the Year 1757, ant* the Assesshient confirmed; but that the afieffing them is attended with great Difficulties.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ascertainingandcolie&mglhePoor’sRates, and for better regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr Hammond, Mr. Olmhis, Mr. Belchter, and Mr.

George Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Toningtorf holders, and other Inhabitants, in t he County of Lincoln, ^.nd£c

residing near the Roads lea ling from Bonington High 03 Bridge, through the Towns of Donington and Swinef-head, to Hale Drove,^wd through Sicine/head North End, over Holland or Eight hundred Fen, through Fourth End Lane, and the Towns of Boston, SJnrbeck Quarter, by Wiberfon Old Mile Slone, Fr amp ton Mill, through the Town of Kir ton, by Sutter ton Watch-house, to the Eight Milestone, in the Parish o fffigtoft; and also the Road leading from Lavgret Ferry, over a Bridge called Toft Tamnell, cross Holland or Eight hundred Fen, to the Road.leading from Stvinejhcad to Boston, in the County of Lincoln; was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Roads are in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Parts very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Methods appointed by Law 2 And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for effectually repairing and widening the said Roads, in such manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confulcration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Amcotls, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Wilkinjbn, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Probyn, Mr. More, Mr. West, Sir WilloughbyAjivn,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Harris, Mr. Ftdler, Mr. Hu me, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Belchicr, Lord Strange, Mr. Fdlotoes,

Sir Francis Pock, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Vy~ tier junior, Mr. Pye, Mr. Proiv/e, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Wilkes, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Gwxfnne, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Barrow, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Vernon, Mr;

PI inner, Mr. LyJ'ter, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Tiioroton,

Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Hu [fey, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Alderman Beck-M ford,

Cj

3*

20® — 21° Decembris.

4- 1757-

The other Order of the Day being read;

Recruiting The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole

tha House, upon the Bill for the speedy and effectual Re-Land Forces, oruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

M. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had made 1‘ome Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

ResolvedJVUai this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2i° die Decembris

Anno 310 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1757.

Pr

AYERS.

Hamfierley a PETITION of the Right Reverend Father in God Ineiofure Richard Lord Bishop of Durham, Lord of the Manor, of Walsingham, in the County of Durham, and of the several Freeholders and Copyholders within the Chapelry of Ilamjlerley, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselve.s, and of the several other Persons who are Owners of Lands or Tenements in the said Chapelry of Hamjierley, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a larae Common, Moor, or Tract of waste Land, lying within the said Chapelry, commonly called Hamjlerley, South Bedburn, Linejack, and So f'ley, Common or Commons, containing a great many Hundred Acres, the Soil whereof belongs to the IViitimer, the Bishop of Durham, in Right of his Church and See of Durham, as Lord of the said Manor; and that the rest of the Petitioners, and the other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, within the said Chapelry, have a Right to depafturetheir Commonable Cattle upon the same; and alleging, that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Common, or Tract of waste Land, may be divided, inclosed, and cultivated; and that, after reserving a proper Equivalent to the said Bishop, for, and in respect to, his Right and Interest in the said ^oil, the said Waste or Common may be set out and allotted to and among the several Landholders, having a Right of Common upon the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuantto the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Barnard, Mr. Staunton, and Mr. Bowes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Importation An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Importation of such of Italian fine Italian organzine Silk into this Kingdom, from any Si.k. port or pjace whatsoever, as shall have been shipped on or before the Time to be therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing the Importation of such fine //c//tf?iorganzineSilk into this Kingdom, from any Port or Place whatsoever, as shall have been shipped on or before the Day therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Earl cf An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act; ^nd^hers) to ena^e ^in Sandwich, Wellbore Ellis Esquire,

Haaiification/ and Thomas Potter Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, tfye Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in t\ie Kingdom*of Ireland, and to qualify them-

selves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Wafres or Commons called Brancepefh and Stock!ey Moors or Commons, within the Manor and Pari ill ot Brancepeth, in the County of Durham, was read a Second t ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bozces, Lord Barnard jSilr. Berkeley, Colonel A'Court, Mr. liar-dinge, Sir John Cust, Mr. Fellow es, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Earle, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Alaie, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kvnajton, Mr. Fanefslw George Onslow, Mr. Moore, Siv Matthew Lambe, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Lij/er, Sir John Gordon, Mr. West, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lockyer, Sir James Creed, Mr. Tucker, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Buller, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Barrington, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. J/7/-kinfon, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Townjheml, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kent, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. PiU, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Prozvje, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Prolu/n, Mr. OLmius, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Archer, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Foncreau, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Montagu, Lord Verney, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lock, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Vunfit tart, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Doicne, Mr. Symonels, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Recorder of London; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lan-casier, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Crqffereported from the Committee, to whom the Petit ion of John Heijlin Doctor in Divinity, Rector of the Church of Saint Mary le Strand, in the County of Middlesex, Joseph Sims Clerk, Rector of the Church of Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster, John Pritchard Clerk, Rector of Christ's Church, in the said County of Middlefe. r, Willi am Simpson Doctor in Divinity, Reel or of the Church of Saint George, Middlesex, Thomas Foxlev, Clerk, Rector of the Church of Saint Mary, Strat ford Bow, in the County of Middlesex, James Bate Clerk, Rector of the Church of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the County of Kent, Edzcard Vernon Doctor of Laws, Rector of the Church of Saint George BloomJ-bury, in the County of Middlesex, a ndJames Trael Clerk, Rector of the Church of Saint John, Horfleydozcn, in the County of Surrey; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Agent for the Petitioners produced an Act passed in the 9th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for granting certain Duties on Coals, for building 50 new Churches: And,

Mr. Edward Sleech. Secretary to- the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of the said Act, said, That the Eight Churches mentioned in the Petition have been built, consecrated, or endowed, in pursuance of the said Act, and other subsequent Acts, and that the Petitioners have been appointed Rectors thereof: That the Coimnissionershavealfo purchased several Parcels of Ground for the Sites of other Churches proposed to be built, which remain vested in the said Commissioners, subject to the Disposition of Parliament; and he produced an Account of the said Parcels of Ground, by which it appears, that there are Four such Sites not built upon, Three of which are at present lett at the yearly Rent of £. 20. 3^. and the Fourth is untenanted.

Then the Agent produced several Acts of Parliament; by which it appeared, that several Sums, amounting, in

the

Kranceneth

Inclosure,

Endowment of the Fifty new Chuiches.

31 Geo. II. 2 i’ — ix" Decembris. 3 3

the Whole, to £.24,500; weredirefted to be applied in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments in Fee Ample to be settled upon the Re&ors of the said Eight Churches, and their Successors, and in the mean time to be placed out in the public Funds, for their Benefit: And,

Mr* Sleech, being further examined, said. That Part

of the Money so appropriated had been laid out in the Purchase of Lands, which are now veiled in, and held by, the Rector of the Church of Saint George, Bloomsbury, and the rest was laid out in South Sed Annuities; and he produced an Account of the Endowment-moftey and South Sea Annuities, as follows:

Churches endowed.

St Mary le Strand -St. Johns, Westminster -Christ Ch. Spittkfields -St George's, Middlesex St Geo. Bloomjbtiry St. John, Horjkyduwn -St, Mary, Stratford Botv St. Paul's, Deptford

Endowment- South Sea An-

money. nuities.

£ 1

2,500 2.447 7 a

2,500 2.351 2 —

3,000 2,819 0 8

3,000 2,817 7

3,000 325 " 3

3>500 3,620 8 6

3>5°° 3.274 7 4

3.500 3,202 l6 IO

24,5°° 20,858 16 4

A Member present informed your Committee, That he had been Treasurer to the said Commissioners; and had, by their Order, paid the Dividends to the several Refiors, in the foregoing Proportions; And,

Mr. Sleech produced to your Committee a Minute, taken at a Meeting of the said Commissioners, whereby it appeared, that the present Application to Parliament was by their Direction.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for transferring certain South Sea Annuities, (landing in the Name of the late Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches, to Trustees, for the Benefit of the Rectors of Eight of those Churches; and for veiling certain Sites for Churches, purchased by the said Commissioners, in order to sell the same for the Purposes in the said Bill to be mentioned: And that Sir John CrnJJe, Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Henry Fane, and Sir John Philipps, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

fcHof the Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tuef_

Harfe- day the 24th Day of January next.

OrctorrfjThat such Members asshall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ad Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Three Weeks, the i6lJi Day of January next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Three Weeks, the 16th Day of January next, resolve itself " into the said Committee-

The other Order of the Day being read;

HutiT^and '^e ^ou^e ref°lve^ itself into a Committee of the iSon. whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pteafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Vol. 23.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of thie Clock*

Jovis, 2 2° die Decembris j

Anno 31* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757,

PlAYERS.

TETlTIONoffeveralOwnetsoftheFreeholdandln- Improveni#at heritance of several Buildings, Houses, Grounds, and at

Estates, lituateon the WestSide of the Street leading from Charing Charing Cross, towards his Majesty’sPalace of Whitehall, Croft*

was presented to the House, and read; reciting, That by an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge areimpotved to purchase the Freehold and Inheritance of all Buildings, Grounds, and Estates, which they thall think necessary, lying or being upon, near, or adjoining to, all or any of the Ways, Streets, Avenues, and PaL sages,now leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, Westminster-hall, and the Courts of Justicethere, and Westminster Bridge cept such Buildings,

Houses, Grounds, and Estates, as are situate, lying, or being, on the East Side of the Street leading from Cha-777?^ C/’e/Jaforesaid towards his Majesty *s Palace of JVhi/e* hall; and alleging, that the Petitioners are very ready and desirous to accommodate the Public with such Part of their respective Estates as may, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, be necessary for widening the said Street, and carrying so beneficial a Scheme into Execution, and to build upon the Remainder of their Estates, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall please to direct: And therefore praying the House, That the Petitioners may not be compelled to part with more of their respective Estates than may be necessary for carrying the said Scheme into Execution.

The Names subscribed to the said Petition were also read.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Monntague and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker, c

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act LardTax for granting ail Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be a Hefted upon Somerset Lfoufe in the Strand; without any. Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Sill 5 for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties Dune* on Upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, lor the Service of Malt.

K the

34

2 2° — 2 3 ° Decemhris. i6" A. 1758.

the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight, House in the Strand: And that Mr. Hardinge and Mr. . without any Amendment: And a.ifo, Samuel Martin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Importation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A<5b Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other

Silk ^or aJtawtag the Importation of such fine Italian organ- Members of this House, do prepare Lifts,fairly written,

1 zineSilk into this Kingdom, from any Port or Place of Commissioners Names for executing the said Act for whatsoever, as shall have been shipped on or before the the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for which Day therein mentioned, without any Amendment. there have been used to be Commissioners; and that And then the Messengers withdrew. the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners

be written at Length.

tThe Order of the Day being read;

Recruiting The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Land Forces. whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the speecly apd effectual Recruiting of his Majesty's Laud forces and Marines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directedhim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Three Weeks, the 16th Day of January next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 230 die Decembris,

Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported from Army

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Mutiny for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; was tertion committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bdl, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Three Weeks, the 16th Day of January next.

Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Lunce, 16* die Januarii;

Anno 31° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758. Prayers.

JpESOL VE D, Nemine contradicente, That an hum-r ble Address be presented to his Majesty, to condole with his Majesty on the unfortunate Death of that moll virtuous and excellent Princess, his Majesty’s Daughter, the Princess Caroline.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed, That Mr. Poirier, from his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several to Africa, attended at the Door; public Bills, and to One private Bill following; viz. He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parlia-certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, ment,

for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hun- A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1757 — The Account of dred and Fifty-eight: the Committee of the Company of Merchants trad-

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a " ing to Africa, distinguishing every Article of Expence Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service " under it’s proper Title." of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty- And then he withdrew, eight; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to And the Title of the said Account was read,

be afieffed upon SomerJct House in the Strand: Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Ta-

An Act for allowing the Importation of such fine Ita- ble, to be perused by the Members of the House. lian organzine Silk into this Kingdom, from any Port The said Account is preserved amongst the other

Or Place whatsoever, as shall have been shipped on or Papers of this Session. before the Day therein mentioned:

An Act to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Wellbore Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ellis Esquire, and Thomas Potter Esquire, to take, in the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, in his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, the room of James Dawkins Esquire, deceased. and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices. A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers

of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Mary

Land Tat Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, whole Commissioner*. appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Act, of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for House, and read; setting forth, That many Disputesand granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be Difficulties have arisen, in the said Parish, touching the raised in Great Britain, for the Serviceof the Year One ascertaining and collecting of the Rates made for the Re-thousandSeven hundred and Fifty-eight; and forenforce- lief and Maintenance of the Poor therein; and alleging, ing the Payment of the Rates tobeafleffed flpo XkSomerset thatthe Petitionersappreh^ndthemakingageneralequal 17 Pound

A. ‘

Anno 310 Georgii IP* Regis, 1757. Prayers.

Adjournment. jnESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Three Weeks, the 16th Day of January next.

Royal Affeni \ Message from his Majesty, by Mr. 2uarme, De-bSL Puty Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended

Death of the Princefa Caroline.

A fricail Company*

Hmdon

Writ.

St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey Poor.

31 Geo. II. 16° Januarii. 35

Pound Rate or Assessment for the Relief of the Poor in the said Parish, and the giving sufficient Power to provide for the Sickly and Distressed, and to compel the indolent Poor to work, would in a great measure remedy many Grievances which the Petitioners represent they labour under at present: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give Leave for a Bill to he brought in for the ascertainingand colle&in the Poor’s Rates, and for the better ordering and regulating the Poor, in the said Parish of Saint May Magdalen, Bermondsey; and afford such other Relief and A/liftance. therein as to the Jhloufe, fli,all seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame/ as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hammond, Mr. West; Mr. Crafter, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Palme?', Mr. Fane, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Tozonfhend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Harclinge, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Colebrooke, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Briftozo, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Potter, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Finch, Mr. Ixzvis, Mr. Symonds, Mr. George On-ftoto. Sir William Calvert, Mr. Smith, Sir James Creed; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Sutfex; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of thq Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dfefer-tion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters j was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 36. L. 17. After "Command," to ipfert " or " for inlisting Men into his Majesty’s Service

L. 20. After "Punishment." Jo insert "not " extending to Life or Limb."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the H-,pfe: And Jhe Bjilfwas amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Dfefertion; and for the better Payment of the Arhiy and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Doctor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1758.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Eftiinate is as followeth j viz.

Vql. 28.

AN

Army;

Mutiny

and

Defcrdoa:

of buil-’ing Ships, &c.

D

cq‘

r-h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

An ESTIMATE of what may be necessary for the Buildings, RebuiMiirgs, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships, for _the Year 1758; pr^pirl ^in purtuance of'ln^Orde^’front the *§* ' J Honourable House of Commons, dated the 14th of last Month.


Place where.

Deptford

Woolwich

Chatham

Por/finoutk

Plymouth River Thames

River Medic ay Harwich Hull -Hovtham

Guns.

74

9°

74

9°

74

9°

74

100

64

or

60

60

74

Ships Names.

1

Hercules -New Ship -New Ship -Blenheim -Mars - -Thunderer Triumph -Sandwich -Valiant New Ship New Ship Britannia -

Nature of the Repair.

Building To be built

Building

:1?

New Ship

New Ship Hero' - -

Building

Building To be built Building

To

be built

Building -MERC HA

Time when to be

Taken in Hand.

In hand

In hand

In hand In hand

In hand

Completed.

Mar. 1759

-,) Mar. 1759 _ j September i . ^Uncertain September i Uncertain

- {

Uncertain

- In hand NTS YARDS.

December 17 58

- A - 74 Fame 7 - . - - - - ‘ \

60 Edgar -> Building - - In hand - -

— Firm -S- - - - - (

— New Ship " \ "To be built -

— New Ship -1 - -

- - - - — Panther

" 70 Conqueror Temple > Building - In hand

- - - 74 llefolution 0 -

April 1758 September 17. OBober 1758 August 1758

Total

abstract.

For the Hulls of the Ships -

f iz. The Sum of Two hundred and Nine thousand Pounds.

G. Cockburne. Tho. Slade.

Mich. Hall. Jf\ Bale man

209,000

IV’ Batch/. Dari. Hcvert. Tim. Brett,

Charge c of their TOTAL.

— V Hulls, tYl:;ils, and Yards. Rigging and Stores.

- 16,000 - - - £. 16,000

~ 4,000 - - - 4,000

- 2,000 - - - 2,000

9 6,000 - - - 6,000

- 15,000 - - - 15,000

3 4,000 - - . - , 4,000

- 1,500 - - , 1,500

9 12,000 - - - 12,000

" 6,000 - - - 6,000

- 3,000 - - - 3,000

- 2,000 - - - 2,000

7,000 - - - 7,000

4,000 - - - 4,000

2,000 - - 2,000

8 14,000 " - 14,000

8- 20,000 - _ 20,000

- 10,000 - - - 10,000

- 15,500 - - - 15,500

5,000 - - - 5,000

- 5,000 - - - 5,oooo

- I 1,000 - - 11,000

>8 13,000 - - - 13,000

- 15,000 - - - 15,000

16,000 - - 16,000

- 209,000 - - - 209,000 '

16° Januarii. A. 1758.

31 Geo. II. 150 Januarii.

47

Armitage, Mr, 77//, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Lewis, Admiral Frankland, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Prowjc, Mr. Alderman Beck* ford, Mr, Campbell, Mr. Nezvn/iam, Mr. Roioney, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Powell, Mr. Vyner, Mr. More, Mr. Lade, Mr. Barrow; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Comwall, Somerset, Dorset, Wilts, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at* Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Old A Petition of the several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and

Stratford other principal Inhabitants, of the Counties of Bucking-n *0 , ham and Northampton, whole Names are thereunto fub-ST scribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the antient Road leading from OldStrarford, in the County of Northampton, to a Place near Queen's Cross, where the said Road meets the Turnpike Road from Newport Pagnel, to Northampton, through the several Townships and Pari/lies of Cofgrave, Yardly Gobion, Grafton Regis, Stoke Bruern, Rhode, Cour ten-hall, and Wootton, in the said County of Northampton, is in divers Places become so bad and founderous, that the several Days Work on the Highway, as by Law provided, are not suficient to keep the same in such Repair, as to make the same by any Means passable: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road, from Old Stratford, to the said Place near Queen's Cross, in the County of Northampton aforesaid, and lying within and through the said several Townships and Parishes. in such manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof $ and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. Kymston, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Prmfe, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Lyster, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Smith, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Forrester, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. More, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Barry, Mr. Egerton, Sir John Cust, Mr. Gibbons, Lord North, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Crajier, Mr. Hewett, Mr. George Onslow, MwThurfiy, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wigley,

Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Amcotls, Sir "John Philipps, Mr. Bagot, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Townshend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Northampton, icester, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

IWton A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, capital Bur-Roads. gestes, and Assistants, of the Town and Pari/li of 77-verton, in the County of Devon; and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, residing in , and near the said Town and Parish; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the fe-I veral Highways, therein after-mentioned; viz. from

Lineman Bridge, in the said Town of Tiverton, through the several Parishes of Tiverton, Halberton, Butterleigh, Bradninck, and Siberian, to the Work-house in the I Town of Silverlon s and from Hunt's House, in the said Parish of Tiverton, in the Way to the said Town of Silverton, through the Parish es of Tiverton, the Town and Parish of Halberton, Sampford Peverel, Burlefcome, Culmjtock, Holcomb Bogus, and Sampford A run dell, to the While Ball, in the said Parish of Sampford Arundell, and upon Exeter Hill Foot, in the Way to Silver ton, through I the said Parishes of Halberton, Hampton, and Cullumpton,

to the Town of Cullumpton; and from a House known by the Sign of the Hoop, in the said Town of Tiverton,

| through the Parishes of Tiverton, Bickley, Thorverton,

' Cadbury, Cheriton, Fitz Payne, Stockley, Pomeroy, Sho-brookeJJpton Hellens, and Creditor to Crediton Forches,

Vol. 28.

in the said Parish of Crediton; and from Wellbrooke Bridge, in the said Town of Tiverton, through the Parishes of Caverleigh, Loxbear, Stood ley, and Racken-ford, to Crufcy House, in the said Parish of Rackenford; and from Penny Park, in the said Parish of Tiverton, in the Way leadingto Rackenford, to Grubeere Bridge, in the said Parish of Tiverton; and from Cottey House, in the Parish of Tiverton, in the Way to Rackenford, to Worthy Bridge, in the said Parish of Tiverton; and from the Bampton Inn, in the said Town of Tiverton, through the Parishes of Tiverton and Brampton, over Bampton Down, to the Foot of Batham Bridge, in Bampton Town; are become so ruinous, that the same cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be sufficiently widened, enlarged, and repaired: And therefore, pray? ing. That Leave may be given to bring in such a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ryder, Sir George Yonge, Mr.

IIarbord. Sir William Meredith, Mr. George Onslow, Lord North, Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Thynne, Mr. Smith, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Duffe, Sir John Armitage, Mr. Bowes,

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gore, Mr. John Yorke, Mr.

More, Mr, Hume, Mr. OJbaldiston, Mr. Frederick, Mr.

FeUawes, Mr. Vernon junior. Sir John Cust, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Crajier, Sir Thomas Hales;

Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Poole, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Lyjler, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Amcotts,

Air. Symonds, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Townshend,

Mr. Olmius, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Prmcfe,

Mr. Northey, Mr. Hezoitt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Trifi, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Braffey; and all the Members w ho serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Dorset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to Regis and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, was read the Roads. Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, relating to the erecting of a Tdrn-pike between Straitzvay Head and Fair Mile Inn.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and de/ire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wentworth'* to dissolve the Marriage of Godfrey Wentworth Esquire, divorce, with Dorothea Pilkington, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Calder Traders, and others. Inhabitants of the Town and Parish Navigation, of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in pursuance of an Act passed in the 10th and nth Years of King William, for the making and keeping navigable the Rivers Air and Calder, in the County of York, the said River Calder was made navigable up to Wakefield, in the said West Riding; and alleging, that the said River Calder is capable of being made navigable from Wakefield to near Halifax aforesaid; and

3*

i7° — iB° Januarii.

A. 17 58.

PiUdagtanfMr. More> Mr. Nezonham, Mr. Finch, Mr. Rider, Mr. SmiVA, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gore, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Alderman Dick infun, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Nor they, Lord North, Sir Matthew Lambs, Lord Thomond; and all the Makers who fervefor the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Harford, and Worcester; and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Afkerfwell Petition of the Trustees authorized to put in Exe-^wuds cution an Act of Parliament, paflecl, in the 27th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repajringand widening the Road from a certain Intrench-. xnei iton Ajkerfwell Hill, and opposite to' Chilcombe Farm, through the Town of Bridport, to Penn Inn, and from Bridport aforesaid to the Town of Bedmivjler, in the County of Dorset; and also the Rpad from Pei\n Inn aforeffud, through the Town of Axminster, to the Work-honfe at the Esdi End of the Town of tioniton, in the County of Devon; and of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Jreehqlders, and Inhabitants, of the said Counties of Devon and Dorset, wftofe Names are thereto fub-{cribed; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in pursuance ,of the said Act, almost the Wholeof the said Roads have been well and sufficiently repaired; but that the Roads leading from the said Work-house^ to and through the said Borough and Town of Honiton, and to and through the several Parishes, Villages, and Places, following, viz. Honiton, Giitsham,

Buckrell, Feniton, Ottery Saint Mary, Tallaton, and Part of the Parish of Whimple, to a Place called Strait-way Head, other wise Strailwood Head, in the Parish of Whimple, in the said County of Devon, leading to the City of Exon, where the Turnpike Road from Exon ends, are, for the most part, in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow, and, by reason of the Waters in the Winter Seasons, are sometimes impassable, and very dangerous to Travellers; and alleging, that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Roads lead, are incapable, by the ordinary Course of Law, to repair and keep the same in Repair; but that the said Roads leading from the said Workhouse to Straitway Head aforesaid might be sufficiently repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, if the aforesaid Act was amended, by extending the same through the said Roads, and by enabling the Trustees in the said Act, and such new Trustees as shall be named, to erect Toll-houses and Gates, and to receive Tolls, on such new Roads, so as that there be but One Toll paid from Penn Inn to Straitway Head aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend and extend the aforesaid Act of Parliament; and for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads leading from the said Workhouse at the East End of Honiton to Straitioay Head aforesaid; in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord North, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Thomond, Mr. Fane, General Onfow, Mr. Dela-ral, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Mat-fhezo Lambe, Mr. Gore, Sir Bichard Grosvenor, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Lee, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Henry Fane, Sir John Cust, Mr. Elliott, Lord Villiers, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Bankes, Sir George Yojige, Mr. John Pitt; and all the Members whoserve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this* Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Jlecortis.

Lyme Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the ttegis Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the Roads. Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* IS

and?found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was dif-agreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Recruiting whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effec- the La°d tual Recruiting ofhis Majesty’sLand ForcesandMarines, was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Forces.

Mercurii, 18° die januarii.;

Anno 31* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons refilling in and Stockley near the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to Koadf

the House, and read 5 setting forth, That the high Road leading from the Top of Stockley Hill, in the County of Hereford, to the Town of Ilay, in the County of Brecon, is become so ruinous, and in the WinterSeafon so bad and dangerous, and, in several Places thereof, so narrow and incommodious, that Travellers and Carriages cannot pass without great Danger; and alleging, that the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That a Bill may be brought in for amending and keeping in Repair the said Road, and for erecting Turnpikes and Tollhouses on the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Proufe, Lord Strange, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Cartxvright, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Smith,

Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Drake, Mr. Barrow, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Yorke,

Mr: Colleton, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. LocJc-yer, Mr. More, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Belchier, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Delaval, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Backtvell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Earle,

Mr. Probyn, Mr. Nezvnlum, Mr. Willy, Mr. Crefwell,

Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Alderman Beckfvrd, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Lezvis,

Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Shirley, Lord Villiers, Mr. Hume,

Mr. Bristow, Mr. Finch, Mr. Carnegie; and all tho Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Hereford, Gloucester, and Worcester j and for South Wales:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary Pitt acquainted the House, That hehad MefTnge

a Message from his Majesty to this House, signed by his 1

Majesty: And he presented the same to the House; and 1 c Ax4y° it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followed!; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty having ordered the Army, formed last Year in his Electoral Dominions, to be put again into Motion, from the 28th of November last, and to act with the utmost Vigour against the common Enemy,

in

Chawton

JPoud

to

Gosport

Road.

Manning the Navy.

Supply.

Ways

and Mtars.

Army; Mutiny and Desertion.

Chawton

Pond

to

Gosport

Road.

Manning the Navy.

31 Geo. II. 250 — 26° — 27 49

the-Clock,- in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of Southampton, and of the Town and County of Southampton, was prefer;ted to the House, and read; setting ibrth, That the High 'Roads from the Town of Gosport, through Far eh am, Bishops Waltham, and the City of Winchester, to the Town of Stock bridge, in the said County; and from the said City of Winchester., through Otterborne, in the said County, to the said Town and County of Southampton, are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be.effectually repaired and widened, by the present Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectually repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Southampton, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame* as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectually manning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships and Vessels in the Merchants Service.

Ordered, That Mr. Hume, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Ridley, the Lord liegifter of Scotland, Sir Walter Blackett, and Mr. Bowes, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That, this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonftder further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 26° die cJanuarii;

Anno 3i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758. Prayers.

1

A MESSAGE from the Lords by Mr. Montague and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords de-lire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Finch be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants,of the County of Southampton is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Jarrit Smith be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, for the more effectually manning of his Majesty’s Navy, VCL. 28.

and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others belonging to Ships and Vessels in the Merchants Service.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the High Price whole House, to take into further Consideration the °*^*in* present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread,

Biscuit, and Starch.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and iliac he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WedneJ'day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

And then’the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris% 270 die Junuarii;

Anno 310 Georgii IId* Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

EORGE Clifford took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Amcotts reported from the Committee, to whom Domngton the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- High Bridge holders, and other Inhabitants in the County of Lincoln, *oads-

residing near the Roads leading from Bonington High Bridge, through the Towns of Bonington and Swineshead, to Hale Brove; and through Swineshead, North End, over Holland or Eight Hundred Fen, through Fourth End Lane, and the Towns of Bojton, Skirbeck Quarter, by Wiberton Old Mile Stone, Frampton Mill, through the Town of Kirton, by Sutter ton Watch-house, to the Eight MileStone, in the Parilli of Wigtoft; and also the Road leading from Langret Ferry, over a Bridge called Toft Tunnell, cross Holland or Eight Hundred Fen, to the Road leading from Swineshead or Boson, in the County of Lincoln; was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Mitchell, Esquire, being examined, said, That he is well acquainted with all the Roads mentioned in the Petition, except the Road from Langret Ferry to Toft TunneU; which are much frequented in Summer; but so narrow and ruinous, that they are impassable in Winter; and that the common Course of Law will not by any Means repair them.

Several Members present confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Mitchell, and added, That the Road from Langret Fern/ to Toft Tunnell, is impassable for Carriages in Winter; and can’t be repaired by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Bonington High Bridge to Hale Brove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parishof Wigtoft,mid to Langret Ferry, in the County of Lincoln; and that Mr. Amcotts, Sir John Cust, and Mr. Vyner junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Lord North, Lord Malpas, Nlr.Olmius, chard

Sir John Elwell, Mr. Crabb Bolton, be added to the Com- Road* mitt.ee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, living in, near, and usually travelling from,

O the

19° — 20*

40

ported, out of this Kingdom, from Christmas 1755, to Chrijhnas 1757, with the several Duties that have been paid thereon.

Hign Price The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

of Grain, Ac. ref0}ve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to take into further Consideration the present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch;

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the extravagant Price of Corn in that Town; and representing to the House what the Petitioners humbly conceive to be the chief Causes thereof, as also what would be a Means to prevent it for the future; and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that N the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, and the Distillery, and give such Encouragement to the Importation of it, with what other Reliefto them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

4».

TeHersfor the Noes, AWorman Bake} 2I'

So it was refoived in the Affirmative.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A. 7758.

Veneris, 20° Januarii;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758. Prayers.

Brsncepcth "A /f R. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom lndosure. 1V1 the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Wastes or Commons, called Brancepelh and Stockley Moors or Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Brance-peth# in the County of Durham, was committed, That, the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfac-tion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gene through the' Billj and made several Amendments there-‘iinto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Wherd the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, purfu- ant to their Address to his Majesty,

17

A Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1758.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards and Regiment of Horse reduced, and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 175S; and also,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1758.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Lifts and Estimate are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Mr. Alderman Baker reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, refkling near, and travelling on, the Roads therein after-mentioned, lying in the County of Devon, and also another Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Teiiding near, and travelling on, the Roads therein after-mentioned, lying in the County of Devon, were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. John Alkinjbn said, That the Roads leading from Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent,\n the County of Devon, through South Brent, Ugborough, Harford, Ermington, Plympton Saint Mary, Plympton Maurice, Egg Buckland, and the Tything of Compton Gifford, to Lipjon Bridge,are in a very ruinous Condition; and, in many Parts, so narrow and incommodious, as to be dangerous to Travellers and Carriages, and, by reason of the Nature of the Soil in many PIacc§, thinks it impossible the same can be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law.

Mr. William Master man confirmed theabove Evidence with regard to the Road from Brent Bridge to Plympton Saint Many; and said, that it is the high Road from London to Plymouth, and is, in many Parts thereof, remarkably deep and thunderous.

Mr. George Woodward Mallctt confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Atkinson-, and added, that the Road leading through the Ty thing of Compton GiJjord,t oaPlace called Gajkin's Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, is become very ruinous, and in the Winter Season almoit impassable for Wheel Carriages, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious; and that the farnecannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the high Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the Parilli of South Brent, in the County of Devon, through the Pantiles of South Brent, Ugborough, Harford, Ermington, Plympton Saint Mary, Plympton Maurice, Egg Buckland, and the Ty thing of Compton Gifford, to Gajking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County: And that Mr. Alderman Baker, the Lord Strange, and the Lord Barrington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refolVe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider

H.,l f.par

Liif,

Brent Bridge Roads. s

Supply.

31 Geo. II.

20

3° Januarii.

41

consider further of the Supply granted to ins Majesty;

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty *5 Navy, for the Year 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the HouserefoIved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took t he Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave t«» lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning uexl, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Recruiting Ordered, That the Repoi t from the Committee of the the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Speedy awl eftec-Land Forces. tualRecruiring ofhis Majesty’.sLand Porcesand Marines, was committed, be received upon this Day Sevennight.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Mwns next> ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of Ways and Means- for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then -the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lurice^ 2 30 die Januarii;

Anno 310 Georgii IPlRegis, 1758. Prayers.

Cirrncffor ’’VTOTICE being taken to the House, That it does

Roaus. not appear, by the Report, which, upon Wednesday

the 14th Day of December last, was made to the House from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees named and appointed in and by v irtue of the several Acts of Parliament therein after-mentioned, and of the Inhabitants of Cirencester, in rheCounty of Gloucefiet, and of several other Pariibes and Places of and in the saidCoun-tv, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was referred, that any Proceeding was had, before the said Committee, upon that Part of the Prayer of the said Petition which relates to the Enlargement of the Terms and Powers mentioned in the Acts recited in the said Petition.

And the said Petition being again read;

Ordered, That the said Petition be re-committed, with respect to so much of it as prays that the Terms and Powers mentioned in the Acts therein recited may be enlarged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was referred.

Cl'-rToriTs A Petition of George Clifford was presented to the iNUt- House, and read; praying. That Leave may be given to bringin a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Fonercau and Mr.’ Ohnius do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

jVfnrv Mr. Hammondreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Mary 0jf* Magdalen, Bennoudjiy, in the County of Surrey, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to I he House; and he read the Report

Vol. 2 3.

in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read ;jand isas follow eth;v/£.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Beriah Hills, being examined, said, That, for several Years past, many Disputes have arisen in the said Parish, in regard to the Legality of the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor; and that, in the Years 1756 and 1757, upwards of £. 100 was expended in Appeals to the Quarter Sessions, which were prosecuted on that account:

That the Poor in the said Parish arc greatly increased:

That the Number of the Poor, in the Year 1750, when he was Overseer, was from 150 to 180; and that, in the Years 1749 and 1750, a Rate of is. in the Pound was Sufficient for their Maintenance; but, in the prefen t Year, the Rate is ys. 6d. and the last Year was 4-v. and their Number is increased to 250:

That it would be a great Advantage to the said Pa-riffi, if an equal Pound Rate could be laid on all the Occupiers ot Houses, Buildings, and Lands; but that such a Rate is not now established by Law: And,

That he apprehends the Officers have not Sufficient Power at present to compel the indolent Poor to work, nor to punish them for Misbehvaiour.

Mr. William Diere, Vestry Clerk of the said Par iff], confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Hills; and said.

That many of the Poor would be capable of gaining a Livelihood, were they properly employed:

That, in the Year 1756, a Rate was quailiedby the Quarter Sessions, because personal Estates were not assessed: That they were assessed in the Year 1757, and the Assessment confirmed; but that the assessing them is attended with great Difficulties.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining andcollecting the Poor’s Rates, and for better regulating the Poor, in the Paiiffi of Safit Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr Hammond, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bclchier, and Mr.

George Onjloio, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Tonington holders, and other Inhabitants, in the County of Lincoln* residing near the Roads leading from Donington High Bridge, through the Towns of Donington and Swinefi head, to Hale 1) rove,through Sximjhead l\Tvrtk End, over Holland or Eight hundred Fen, through Fourth End Lane, and the Towns of Boston, SJdrheck Quarter, by 1 Fiber ton Olcl Mile Slone, Fra mpt on Mill, through the Town of Kir ton, by Yy/Zct/c?* Watch-house, to the Eight Milestone, in the Parish of Wigtcft-, and also the Road leading from Lavg’ et Fern), over a Bridge called Toft Tamnell, cross Holland or Eight hundred Fen, to the Road.lending from Swinefhcad to Boston, in the County of Lincoln; was presented to th? House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Roads are in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Parts very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Methods appointed by Law:

And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for effectually repairing and widening the said Roads, in such manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the Said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report tile fame, as it ilia] 1 appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. A meat Is, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Wilhinjbn, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Probun, Mr. More, Mr. West, Sir Willoughby Ajtvn,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Harris, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hume, Sir George Yonge^lv. Belchicr, Lord Strange, Mr. Fellotves,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Medlycotl, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Vy~ tier junior, Mr. Pye, Mr. Prozcje, Sir Charles Mur daunt,

Mr. Wilkes, Lord Cary fort, VI r. Gwy'nne, Sir Armine Wodelwufe, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Barrow, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

PI inner, Mr. Lyster, Sir John Mvlejzvorlii, Mr. Thoroton,

Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Hu (fey, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Vvner, Mr. Gajhrv, Mr. Alderman Beck-M ~ Md,

Cj

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

a

o

FT

o

To Cash remaining in the Exchequer the 5th Day of April 1^57 " -

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year, ended the 10th of October 1757; viz.

£ s. d.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Tolio i '5*22,045 7 11 j

Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Fol. a -.....87*637 1 lrj

Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 333,774 14 3

To Monies brought to Account the 10th Day of October 1757, pursuant to the Ad puffed the-25° Georgii 2dl, for confojidating the Funds; viz.

The Duty of Otl. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted per Ad C9 Georgii iml, for the Service of the Year 17 20 The addit ional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Ad 40 Georgii 2dl, for th? Service of the Year 1731 -

Surplusof the additionalDuties on low Winesand Prong Waters, granted per Acts 16®, 170, and 240 Georgii 2dl The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted per Ad, 180 Georgii 'idl, for the Service of the Year 1745 -

The like of the Duties upon Glafc, and spirituous Liquors, granted per Ad 19* Georgii 2al, for the Service of the Year

1746 - ....

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted per Ad 20° Geo. a*11, for the Service of the Year 1747

The like of the Duties on Coaches, granted per Ad 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the said Year -

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandize imported, granted per Ad 21° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1748 -

To the Duty of 12 s. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted per Ad \o° Georgii2dI, for Service of the Year 1737* brought to this Account pursuant to the Ad 270 Georgii 2di, Page 218 To the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued per Ad 2* Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the Ad 28° Georgii

2*, Page 457 -.....-

To the Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued per Ad i° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of jf. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act of 28° Georgii o? -

To the Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to the Ad 290 Georgii 2dl, Page 312 -To the additional Duty on Cardsand Dtce, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act of 290 Georgii 2di, Page 323 - -

To the several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pur-ibant to the said Act of 29° Georgii 2dl, Page 332 -

To the Duty of 3 s. and 4^. per Buthel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to the Ad 26° Georgii 2di, Page 51, in that Behalf -

Dr.

£. 3. d.

350,491- 17 - 8g

943-457

£ s. d.

3,194 10 10

16,124 2 10

61,112 2 2

20,676 11 6i

13,036 17

68,698 19 8

30,203 8 n

144,086 9 10

357,133 3 6£

6,609 2 8

18,356 11 6i

>7.255 — 2

3.114 10 11

15.454 >4 11

108,055 9 9

.819.927 15 5i

cn

O

Per Contra ..... Cr.

£ '

By the chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of July 1757, being after the Rate of 3/. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of 10,537,821/. 5s. i£c/. subscribed to the Joint Stock of 3/. per Cent. Transferrable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts passed the 25°, 28°, & 290 Georgii 2dl, in that Behalf ----- 158,067 6 4*

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on 4,450/. 10s. per Annum, for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same time ----- 2,225 5 —

By the chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 10th of October 1757, being after the Rate of 3/. 10s. prr Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum of 14,984,455/. 18s. 4 d. Part of the Sum of 17,701,323/. 16*. 4 d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of sh per Cent. Transferrable Annuities, pursuant to the First Act passed the 230 Georgii 2dI, Page 3, in that Behalf 262,227 19 6J

By Dc, for Haifa Year’s Interest, due the said 10th of October 1757, being after the Rate of 3/. per Cent.per

Annum, on the principal Sum of 2,716,867/. 18s. RefiJue of the aforegoing Sum of 17,701,323/. 16s. 4c/. subscribed to the said Joint Stock of Annuities,pursuant toaClaufc in the Second Act passed the 23° Georgii 2di,

Page 444, in that Behalf - -- -- -- 4°»753 4

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on 9,884/. — 'd. per Annum, for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due the said 10th of October 1757, pursuant to the O

Act passed the 250 Georgii 2*1, Page 600, in that Behalf ----- - 4*942-----1

By Haifa Year’s Annuity, due the 5th Day of July 1757, being after the Rate of 3/. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of ^.2,100,000 transferrable at the South Sett House, lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Serv ice of the Year 1751, puriuanttothe Ad 240 Georgii 2dl, Page 39, in that Behalf - - - - " _ " " " " 3L5°°

By the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c. for Half a Year’s Allowance for

Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in

that Behalf -- - - 590 12 O

By the chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Interest due the '

5th Dav of July 1757, being after the Rate of 3/. 10s. per Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum of

£. 1,506,000 Part of £. 2,000,000 lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted to his Majesty,

for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Ad 290 Georgii 2d|, Page 224, in that Behalf - 26,250-----

By Cash taken towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1757, pursuant to the Ad 30* Georgii 2di, Page 496, in that Behalf, the Sum of 350,491/. *75* 8£<i. aQd a further Sum of 849,508/.

25. 3 \d. making together the Sum of ----- 1,200,000 — —

1,726,556 3 9l

By Cash remaining in the Exchequer the 10th Day of October 1757 - -- -- - 93,371 11 7$

£. 1,819,927 15 5*

This being the Seventieth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Ad 9* Georgii iml. Page 367, is numbly presented, this 27th Day of January 1758*

West.

cn

00

OfKrrs

end

Employments.

Army;

Mutiny

and

Desertion.

Cirencester

to

Crick lade Roads.

31 Geo. II. 27 Januarii. 53

Ordered, That the fair] Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for OHires and Employments; and to indemnify J11 dices-of 1 he Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and that Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charles Townshend of Yarmouth, Mr. Belchier, and Mr. George Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

Pr. L. After, cc belonging," insert, <c excepting " on* y in such Case, wherein, by an Act passed in the 30 th cc Year of his present Mojtfty, intituled, An Act for " the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several " Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, u the Officers of the Milit ia, and private Militia Men, " are subjected and made liable to the same Articles, " Rules, and Regulations, as his Majesty’s other Forces/*

The House was moved, that Part of an Act, passed last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of (he Militia Forces in the fcvoral Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, might be read;

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the said Amendment was read a Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, principal Inhabitants, and Tradesmen, of the Borough of Given after, in the County of Gloucester, and of the Borough oi'Crick-lade, in the County of Wilts, and others, of the said Counties, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, Thatthe Road leading from the Borough of Cirencester, through the several Lanes and Places lying in the several Parishes and Ty tiling of Cirencester, Chejierton, Siddington, Preston, Dry ft eld, and South Ccrney, in the County of Gloucester, and Latten, and Cricklade, in the said County of Wilts, to the Borough of Cricklade, to join the Turnpike Road leading to London, through Earring don, from Cricklade aforesaid, has been for many Years lad palt, and now is, so veiy deep and fomiderous in many Places in the Winter Season, as to be almost impafiable; and in most Parts thereof very narrow and incommodious, so that Carriages are obliged to go several Miles about, to avoid Part of the said Road; and that the said Road cannot be widened, repaired, and kept in sufficient Repair, by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, of the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the I Joule:

And it is referred to Mr. Hanger, Mr. Charles Gore, the Marquis of Granby, Sir Cor del Firehrace, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Pole, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Aijlabie, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Potter, Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Foley, Mr. Harris, Mr. Smith, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Fe I Lowes, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Hcweit, Lord Vcrney, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Fyner, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Palmer, Sir Charles A for daunt, Mr, More, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hujj'ey, Mr, Wilk inf on, Mr. Voju 28.

Anson. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Rider, Sir Roger Neivdigate,

Mr. Berkeley, Lord Downe, Mr. Symonds, Mr. GWynne}

Mr. Probyn, Mr. Ongtcy, Mr. Barrow, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Alderman Beckford. Sir John Crojf'c, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Delaval, Mr.

Shelley, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Pinch, Mr. Campbell, Mr*

Affleck; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to fend fer Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Hexedt Esquire, Lord of the Great Glen Manor of Great Glen, in the County of Leicester, Im- Inclosure. propriator of the Great Tythes of certain open and common Fields in Great Glen aforesaid, called, the Upper os North End Helds, and Patron of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Great Glen aforesaid, and Owner and Proprietor of more than One Sixth Part of (he said Fields;

Caleb Robinson Clerk, Vicar and Incumbent of the said Vicarage and Parish Church, and Peter Shafer Clerk,

Green Hodgkin, Robert Ilaymes, George Cooper, Thomas Hobson, John Linlhwait, Thomas Goodrich, Robert Haymes the younger, and others, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themftlves, and the Rest of the Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons intereded in, the said open and common Fields, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed, and difpcricd iu small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement 5 and alleging, that if the said Fields were divided and inclosed, and specilic Shares thereof allotted to the sevend Parties inter died therein, it would be a great Benefit to them, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Marquis of Granby and Mr. Hcweit do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lieutenant of Dover Castle, and Dover Afliltants incorporated for the Preservation of the Harbbur. Harbour of Dover, whose Names are subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Aliistants, was presented to the House, and read; representing the Usefulness and Convenience gf the said Harbour; and setting forth, That by ail Act made in the nth and 12th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, a Duty of Three Pence per Ton was laid upon such Ships and Vessels as are therein described, for a Term in the said Act mentioned, for raising a Sum of Money for repairing the said Harbour; and that the Term and Powers by the said Act granted were, by several subsequent Acts, continued, until the First Day of May 1765; and thereby Two Third Parts of the said Duty were appropriated to the Making of a Harbour at Rye; and that several very considerable Works have been performed for the Preservation and Improvement of the said Harbour of Dover; for defraying the Expence whereof, the Petitioners have been obliged to borrow the Sum of £.3000 on Security of the Duty; and that several necessary Works Hill remain to be done; and that the faicl Sum of jT, 3000 is ftiii owing:

And therefore praying. That the present Duties may -be further continued, or such other Provision made, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petifcion.be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: AnM that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Sackville, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Wilkinfm, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Forrejtcr, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Smith,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Aldzcorth, Mr. Trift, Mr.

P Vyner,

44

K

ioth January

24° Januarii.

1 ATE of the Debt of h tioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1757*

A. 175

Navy Office, f AN ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, or the Heads hereafter-mcn-

1/ 17 58. 1

H E A D S of the NAVAL ESTIMATES,

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Hills registered on the Comrfe of the Navy for Stores, Freight of Transports, &V. supplied for the Service "thereof -

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament - -

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majyfly’s several Yards, &V. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31 December 1757, as also to several Bills of Exchange To his Majesty’s Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and , Extraordinary ——

Tor Half-pay to Sea-Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf -

Seamen’s Wages. t)ue to pay the Men, Sic. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea-pay on the aforesaid 31 December 1757 To pay off and discharge all the Bills entered in Course for Slop Cloaths and Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men flain at Sea, 3fc.

VictualliBgDebt, as/tfrEstimate received from those Commissioners; 'i viz.

Due for Short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off.

for paying off all the Bills entered on their Course - For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31 December 1757 For Necessary-money, Extra-necessary-money, Bills of Exchange,

and Contingencies....

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Wounded; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of sick and wounded Seamen set on Shore from his Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War and Contingencies relating to the said Service -

The Total amounts to the Sum of Three million Six hundred Seventeen thousand Five hundred Twenty-two Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence Three Farthings -

From whence deducing the Money in the Trea,

surer’s Hands.....fas on the? -

As also the Money that remained to come in off other Side, j the Supplies of the Year - - - -J - -

The Debt of the Navy will then be Three million Four hundred Sixty-two thousand Nine hundred Sixty-seven Pounds Five Shillings and Four Pence Three Farthings -

N. B. In this Debt is included, for Charge of Transports, between the ift January 1757 and the 31 December following -And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the ViQualiing, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between the ill January 1757 and 31 December following amounts to For which Sum ot £. 376,136 13 81 no Provision has been made by Parliament, but if thought lit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The nett Debt of the Navy will then beThree million Eighty-six thousand Eight hundred Thirty Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eight Pence

Particulars,

I- s. (I

686,708 9 0

2,987 17 7

*89,735 7 5

205»795 0 0

CO 0 0

221,402 !5 ni

1,643,838 0 0

48,893 19 7

14,211 II 7

327»336 s 8

43,966 10 4

7,062 0 3

20,135 6 3

TOTAL.

X d-

1,196,715 14 0

1,914,184 15 6J

4x2,711 17

93,910 io 3$

I34>7°5 3 8

19,850 7 91

3,617,522 16 io|

] i54>555 11 6

314,832 4 1

61 >3C4

9 7S;

3,462,967 5 4I

3765x36 13 8f

3,085,830 11 8

G. Colic time, Tho. Siacle, W. Batehj, Dan. //<,//, jy Bateman.

Memorandum.

3 i Geo. II.

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that some other Amendments are nceertary to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be recommitted to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Stockley Sir John Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons residing in an(* near ^1S Town ,n the County of Brecon,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Commitete had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report, the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he road the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as foil owe til; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Benjamin Allen informed your Committee, That the Road from Stack ley Hilly in the County of Hereford, to the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious for Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road, from the Top of Stoc kley Hill, in the County of Hereford, to the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon: Aud that Sir John Morgan, the Lord Malpas, and Mr. Sy-viojis, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

St. Mary Mr. Hammond presented to the House, according to Magdalen, Order, a Bill for ascertaining and collecting the Poor’s CIp#or! Rates, and for better regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Alary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the Fird time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Chawton A Petition of several Gentlemen and others of the Pond County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and G read; setting forth, That the high Roads from the Town

Roads. Gosport, through the Town of Farcham, Wickham, the Town of Bishops Waltham, through Kilmarflon, Hinton, Bramdeariy liopley Dean, to the Town of Alton, in the said County, are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot beefiedually repaired and widened by the prefeint Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill dir effectually repairing and widening the said Roads, in such manner as to the House rtiall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Southampton, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it rtiall appear to them, to the House.

Wentworth's An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act 16 Divorce, dissolve the Marriage of Godfrey Wcnlworth Esquire with Dorothea Pilkington, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again , and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

RefoLved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That tills House will, upon this Day Seven-night, refol vc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel and examine Witnesses for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel and examine Witnesses against the said Bill*; if the Parties

Vol. 28.

55

concerned think fit to be. heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

Ordered, That i he Thanks of this House be given to the Rr* Thoma* Reverend DoCior Thomas, for the Sermon by him preached 1 iankcd* Yesterday before this House, at Saint Margaret\s, West-m infer; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. George Onslow, Mr. John Walter, Mr. Har-dinge, and Sir John Barnard, do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of the Trustees for repairing the Poll Road Edinburgh, through the Counties oiLinlithgow and Stirling, waspre-fen ted to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Roa s* an Act passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the said Road, leading from the City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, from the Boat House Ford on Aldmond Water, and from thence to the Town of Lin-lifhgow, and from the said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Stirling; and alfoTrom Farlktrk to Kilfyth, and to Inch Bellie Bridge; and alleging, that the Money borrowed, and Tolls levied, by virtue of the said Act, joined with the Country Services, authorized by Law, have been found insufficient for repairing and putting in Order the said Roads; and that Aldmond Water, at the Boathouse Ford, where the said great Roads commence, is, by the Rapidity of its Stream, frequently importable, even by the Boat, which at no Time can be of any Service for transporting Horses or Wheel Carriages; and that the erecting of a Bridge there would be of great Advantage: And therefore pray ing. That the Petitioners may have the Power of Borrowing, granted by the aforesaid Act, enlarged, the Toils augmented, and the Term thereby granted prolonged; and that the House willconsider the Premifes, ami make such Order therein, as to them rtiall seem most meet.

Ordered, That, the said Petition be referred to the Con-ficierdtion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to M r. Duncan Campbell, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Hammond, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Proxvfe,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. More,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Trill, Mr. Will info n, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Dazvnaif, M r.Sandys, Mr Lyster, Mr. Budgen, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Town/haul, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Archer,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Nugent,

Mr. Crab Bolton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Medlycott,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Powell, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. limiter, Lord Digby, Mr. Vernon; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for repealing so much of the Act of the 15th Cirencfter Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Roads, Powers granted by an Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Cirencester Town's End to Saint Johns Bridge, in the County of GlouCester, as directs that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Hamlets therein named rtiall pass Toll-free; and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Cirencester, to the Town’s End there, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Terms and Povvens granted by the said Two former Acts; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daxvnay,

Lord Malpas, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Pye, Sir Francis Poole, M r.Fellcwes, Mv. Wilkinjbn, M r. Kynaston,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hanger, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Barrow,

Sir Armine Wodehoije, Mr. Seiuyn, Mr. Gore, Mr. Finch,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Pitt, Lord Downe, Mr Hunt, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Prowse, Sirjehn Cnfie; and ai 1 the M em hers who ierve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, and Berks;

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock,

iu

31° Janu

a6 240 — 25* JanuariL jL 1758*

Ordered, That the said Fftiinafce do lie upon the Table to beperufed by the Members of the House;

Encoarapemmt Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to ot Stamen. Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the fame, for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments; and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, Tkstt the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next,

Hafler Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

Hospital. count of the Number of sick Seamen that have been sent to the RovaFHofpitaf building artHaJlei', near Gosport, since the Thug that any Part of the said Building has been fitted fodWie Reception of such tick Seamen, together with an Account of the Diseases for which they were respectively feat, and how many of them have been returned cured of such Diseases respectively, how many discharged unfervieeable, and how many died.

Call of the The Order of the Day being read.

House. The House was called over; and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear were taken dow n.

Ordered, That the Names of such Members as have made Default to appear, be called over upon this Day Fortnight.

And then the.House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 250 die;

Anno 31* Georgii IId* Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

Wentworth’s A. MESSAGE from the Lords by Mr. Burroughs Xhvorce. and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Th? Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Godfrey Wentworth Esquire, with Dorothea Pilkington his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which, the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Shrew (bury Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom

Koads. the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing in or near the Towns of Shrewsbury and Of we fry, in the County of Salop, and the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing in or near Min-Jlerley, in the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at t he Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, John Humphreys, Mr. John Harris, Mr. Thomas Griffiths, Mr. Thomas Browne, and Mr. Francis Chambre, informed your Committee, That the several Roads described in the said Petitions are in general very ruinous and bad, and in many Places narrow, and dangerous for Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be givfeiri to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury to Wcfibuiy, and from Shrezvfburf to Minfer ley fin the County of Salop; and from Skreivsbury to the Town o(Pool, in the County of Montgomery; and from Shrewsbury to the Town of Oswestry, and from the Finger Pof near Ojwejlry to Knockin', and also from Cotton Hill in Shrewsbury ta B of church in the County of Salop: And that Mr. Kynaston, Mr. More, and Mr. Edward Herbert, doprepare, arid bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen and Freehold- gewr

ers of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey was present- Bridge,

ed to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, several Powers were granted for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from a certain Place in Old' Bren fjord, called Smith'S HiUg to the opposite Shore; and alleging, that the said Place is a very inconvenient Situation for the said Bridge; and that if a Bridge should be built there, the Petitioner* have reason to apprehend, that the Navigation of the River will be greatly prejudiced, if not destroyed; and further alleging, that a Bridge may be built at a Place ealled the lx>wer or PozoneIVs Ferry, at the East End of the said Town of Old Brentford, without any disadvantage to the Navigation, and a much more convenient Communication thereby made between the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make such Provision therein as the House shall think will tend moll to the public Utility.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of thejprincipal West Country Bargemasters and Ow ners of Vessels, navigating upon the River Thames, between the City of Oxford and the City of London, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame,with their Opinion thereupon, to the House

A Petition of several Gentlemen and other Persons,fiv- Chard frig in, near, and ufuaWy travelling from, the West End Koad*' of the Town of Chard, in the County of Somerset, through the several Parishes of Chard, Combe, St. Nicholas, and White ft aunton, in the said County; and through the several Pari Hies of Yarcombe, Membury, Upottery, Cotleigh,

Monkton, Honiton, Gittisham, Buckei'ell, Viniton, Ottcry St. Mary, and Ta lie ton, in the County of Devon, to a certain Place called Straitway Head, in the Parish of Talteton aforesaid, being the Place wiiere the Turnpike Road from Exon ends; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Roads are in many Parts thereof* in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places very narrow and incommodious, fothat Carriages cannot pass without great Difficulty; and that there are several Rivers running cross the said Roads, which in Time of Floods cannot be passed without the greatest Danger; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and wjidened, and Bridges built over the Rivers aforesaid, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and amending, the said Roads, and building Bridges over the Rivers aforesaid, by such means and in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

OrderedfYhzX the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Yonge, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Fane, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Wilkes, Mr. Gore, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Lowndes,

Lord Downe, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Hume,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Forrefier, Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Egerton, Mr. Coventry, Q,o\one\ A' Court, Mr. Ridley,

Mr. Poole, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Lyfler, Mr.

Moore, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hewett, Mr.

Crafer, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fonereau, Sir John

Armitage,

31 Geo. II. 150 Januarii. 47

Armitage, Mr. Pitt, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir in the said Parish of Crediton; and from Wellbrooke James Lowther, Mr. I^ewis, Admiral Frank Land, Mr. Bridge, in the said Town of Tiverton, through the Symonds, 'M.v.Amcotts, Nlr. Proivjc, Mr. Alderman Beck* Parishes of Caverleigh, Loxbear, Stoodtey, and Racken-/wrf, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Roivney, Sir ford, to Critfey House, in the said Parish of Rackenford; Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Powell, Mr. Vyner, Mr. More, Nlr. and from Penny Park, in the said Parish of Tiverton, in Lade, Mr. Barrow; and all the Members who serve for the Way leading to Rackenford, to Grubeere Bridge, in the Counties of Devon, CornwaU, Somerset, Dorset, Wilts, the said Parish of Tiverton; and from Cottey House, in and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon the Parish of Tiverton, in the Way to Rackenford, to at* Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: Arid Worthy Bridge, in the said Parish of Tiverton; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. from the Bampton Inn, in the said Town of Tiverton,

through the Parishes of Tiverton and Brampton, over Old A Petition of the several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and Bampton Down, to the Foot of Batham Bridge, in

Stratford other principal Inhabitants, of the Counties of Bucking-Dimchurch ^iam an(* Northampton, whose Names are thereunto fub-rL!! scribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the antient Road leading from OldStraiford, in the County of Northampton, to a Place near Queen's Cross, where the said Road meets the Turnpike Road from Newport Pagnel, to Northampton, through the several Townships and Parishes of Cofgrave, Yardly Gobion, Grafton Regis, Stoke Bruern, Rhode, Courtcn-hall, and Wool (on, in the said County of Northampton, is in divers Places become so bad and founderous, that the several Days Work on the Highway, as by Law provided, are not suficient to keep the same in such Repair, as to make the same by any Means passable: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road, from Old Stratford, to the said Place near Queen's Cross, in the County of Northampton aforesaid, and lying within and through the said several Townships and Parishes. in such manuer as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cartivright, Mr. Felloxr.es, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Prrnfe, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Lyster, Sir George Yovge, Mr. Smith, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Forrester, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. More, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Barry, Mr. Egerton, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Gibbons, Lord North, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Hezoctt, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Thztrjby, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. IVigleij, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Amcotts, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bagot, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Onglry, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Townshend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Northampton, Lticester, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have. Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

TWton A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, capital Burled*. gelfes, and AshHants, of the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; and of the Gentle- men. Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, residing in

and near the said Town and Parish; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the several Highways, therein after-mentioned; viz. from i Lozoman Bridge, in the said Town of Tiverton, through

the several Parishes of Tiverton, Halberton, Butterleigh, Bradninck, and Siberian, to the Work-house in the Town of Silverton; and from Hunt's House, in the said Parish of Tiverton, in the Way to the said Town ‘ of Silver ton, through the Parishes of Tiverton, the Town

and Parish of Halberton, Sampford Peverel, Burlefcome, Culmfiock, Holcomb Bogus, and Sampford Arundell, to the White Ball, in the said Parish of Sampford Arundell, and upon Exeter Hill Foot, in the Way to Silverton, through the said Parishes of Halberton, Hampton, and Cullumpton, to the Town of Cullumpton; and from a House known by the Sign of the Hoop, in the said Town of Tiverton, through the Parishes of Tiverton, Bickley, Thorverton, Cadbury, Chariton, Fitz Payne, Stockley, Pomermj, Sho-brooke, Upton Hellens, and Crediton, to Crediton Forches, Vol. 28.

Bampton Town; are become so ruinous, that the same cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be sufficiently widened, enlarged, and repaired; And therefore, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in such a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ryder, Sir George Yonge, Mr.

Ilarbord, Sir William Meredith, Mr. George Onflozv, Lord North, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Thynne, Mr. Smith, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Duffle, Sir John Armitage, Mr. Bowes,

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gore, Mr. John Yorke, Mr.

More, Mr, Hume, Mr. OJbaldiflon, Mr. Frederick, Mr.

Feltowes, Mr. Vernon junior. Sir John Cufl, Mr. Thomas Townshend,\lr. Cholmley, Mr. Crofter, Sir Thomas Hales,

Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Poole, Sir John Philipps, Mr. lyfter, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Amcotts,

Mr. Symonds, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Townshend,

Mr. Olmiits, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Onglnj, Mr. Proxtfe,

Mr. Nor they, Mr. Hewitt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Trijl, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Brajfey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Dorflet, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to Regis and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, was read the Roads. Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, relating to the erecting of a Turnpike between Sbraitway Head and Fair Mile Inn.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wentworth,f to dissolve the Marriage of Godfrey Wentworth Esquire, Divorce, with Dorothea Pilkington, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, CaMer Traders, and others. Inhabitants of the Town and Parish Navigation, of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in pursuance of an Act passed in the 10th and nth Years of King William, for the making and keeping navigable the Rivers Air and Calder, in the County of York, the said River Calder was made navigable up to Wakefield, in the said West Riding; and alleging, that the said River Calder is capable of being made navigable from Wakefield to near Halifax aforesaid; and

4$ ^5° January

' that the' Extending of the Navigation of the said River would tend to the Preservation of the Highways, and the Increase of Watermen and Mariners, and be of public Utility tothisKingdom: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said River Calder navigable from Wakefieldaforesaid, up to a Place called Brook/mouthy and thence up a Branch of the said River to Salter Hefible Bridge, near Halifax aforesaid, under' such Regulations, and id such manuer, as to the House shall seem meet.. i ....

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it;is referred to Lord Downe, Sir John Arm iI age, Mr. Gore, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. More, Sir Ed-r mund Isham, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr: Kynaston, Mr. Frederick, Mr:Colleton, Lord North, Mr. Proxvje, Lord John MurrayMr. Tyjler^ Sir Charles $fordaunt, Mr. Ryder,* Si r William Owen, Mr. Charlton Sir John Philipps, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Bacon, Mi*. Ridley, Mr. Walter, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Mr. Fairfax, Lord Villiers, Mr.

Hanger, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Smith, Mr. 7^777?^ Grenville, Mr. Lafcelks, Mr. jP/t/, Mr. Tdwn/hend, Mr. Car£-wright, Mr. Keck, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Lewis,- Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Fellozoes, Sir John Cust, Mr. Symonds, Sir John Jlinde Cotton, Mr. JLocXy Sir Ai'mine Wodehouse, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Moore, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. \Belchier, Mr. Fonereau; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of ForX:, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

Improving The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the Bridge" of London attended at the Door* they were called

ri in; and, at the Bar, presented to die House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read taking Notice, that an Act passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge; and reciting several Powers given to the Petitioners, by the said Act* and alleging, that the Toll or Duty for loaded Vessels or other Craft, passing through the Arches of the said Bridge, being by the said Act dTrefted to be paid ever/Time they pass through the same; and the Tide being generally very strong at such Times, it is so extremely difficult, especially in the Night-time, to take an Account of such Vessels or Craft, that the Petitioners, though they have been at a very great Expence in endeavouring to find out a Method of ascertaining the fame, are unable to do it; by reason whereof, and of the Difficulties under the Act of recovering such Tolls, the Collection thereof is so very precarious, that they haveproduced from Midsummer 1756, the Time of the Commencement of the said Act, to Christmas last, no more than Eight hundred and Seventy Pounds, though estimated at the Gross yearly Sum of One thousand Six hundred and Forty-five Poundsyor thereabouts* and that the Charges of the Works judged necessary for the Improvement of the said Bridge, including the temporary Bridge already eFefted, and the Purchases to be made, will amount toa very considerableSum of Money, which the Petitioners will be obliged, from time to time, to borrow at Interest, in pursuance of the said Act: And, in regard the said Money cannot be borrowed upon the foie Credit of the Duty or Toll, for passing over the said Bridge* and as thesaidToll or Duty for passing through the Arches of the said Bridge is an ineffectual Toll, and

thfe Persons who may be inclined to lend the said Money* at a moderate Interest, cannot have the full Benefit of the Security intended thereby, without the further Assistanee of Parliament, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering the said Act more effectual, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thb Consideration of a Committee r And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Philipps, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Kynaston, M r. Bowes, M r. Charlton, Si r French Poole, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bayntmi, Mr. Gore, Sir John Cust, Mr. Prozife, Mr, Cooke, Mr. Hume, Mr. Fail far,

Mr. West, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Hanger, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Hardinge. Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Lezcis,

Lord Villiers, Mr. Wilk info n. Sir William Calvert, Mr.

Walter, Mr. EUiott, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Hunter, Mr.

Fellozoes, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Huff'ey, Sir Samuel Fludyer,

Mr. More, Mr. Rcfe Fuller, Mr. Morton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Lczvndes, Mr. Vernon, Mr;

Gibbons, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. AIduorfh, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Craven, Mr. Groce, Sir CharlesKcmys Tynle, Mr. George Onjlozo, Mr. Smith, Mr. Symonds, Lord Dozvnc, Mr.

Finch, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Delaval, Sir Roger Newdigate,

Mr. Olmius, Sir Robert. Ladhrokc, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Recorder of London,

Sir John Morgan, Mr. Calvert, Sr John ITinde Cotton,

Mr. Cartzvrrght, Lord Strange, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Berkeley; and all the Members who serve for the City of London. and Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Suffix, Kent, and Surrey; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon atf Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Chawtoa holders, and Inhab.tants, of the County of Southampton was presented to the IIotife, and read* letting forth, That Gosport the Road Heading from a Place, called Chazvton Pond, in Road* the Parish of Chawlon, near the Town of Alton, in the said County, through Part of Chazvton aforesaid, and through Farringdon, Newton Valence, and East Tijtcdy to a Place, called Rumfdean Bottom, West Tijted, Privet t,

Westmeon, Warnford, Ex ton, Corhampton, Meon, Stoke,

Droxford, Wickham, and Fareham, to the Town of Gosport, all in the said County; is in a very founderous' Condition, narrow in many Places* and dangerous to Passengers, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road aforesaid, in such manner as to the House fhalT seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thijllethwayie, Mr. Westfa-ling, Sir JohnCvft, Mr. Smith, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hanger,

Colonel A'Court, Mr. Fellozves, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr.

Thoroton, Mr. Mcdlycott, Mr. Crajter, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Walter, Admiral Tozvnjhend, Mr. Vaughan, Lord North, Mr. Trift, Mr. Butler, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Frond's Drake, Mr. Toiunjhend, Mr. Cartzcrig/it, Mr. Sandys, Mrs.

Kynaston, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gore, Mr. Rozvney, Mr. More,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lezvis, Mr. Pi'obyn, Mr. Gajhry, Mr.

Foley, Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. tiofe Fuller, Mr. Bouses, Mr. Fitzroy Scudamore, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Sir Richard Warzvick Bampfylde, Mr. Powell, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Finch, Mr; Wigiey,

Mr. Spencer, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Ilinde Cotton, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Amcotts, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Lyster, Mr. George Onjlozv, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Dodd; and all the Members who serve fot* the Counties of Southampton, Dorset, Wilts, Berks, and Surrey; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of

the

w —

3 i Geo. II.

Februarii.

7

rencester

to

'rickiacfc

Koad.

Offices

and

Employments.

Mercurii, i° die Februarii;

Anno 31° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

MR. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, principal Inhabitants, and Tradesmen, of the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, and of the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, and others of the said Counties, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee hadekamihed the Matter of the said Petition; and had direct^d him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. William Grayhurji informed your Committee, That he had lately travelled the Ro&d from Cirence/erio Cricklade, through the several Places mentioned in the Petition; and that the said Road is in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places extremely narrow; and that Carriages are frequently obliged to go many Miles about, occasioned, as the Witness apprehends, by the Badness of the Road; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary course of Law.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence; and added, that the lad Three Quarters of a Mile of the Road from Cirencester to Cricklade (being the great Road) is frequently overflowed with Water, and that he has been obliged to go many Miles about with his own Carriage.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Hanger, Mr. Thomas Gore, and Mr. Charles Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bacon prefen ted to the floiife, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, was read a Second time. Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Charles Brandling, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Middleton, and of an undivided Share of the Manor of Hunjletl, both in the County of York, and of

carried info execution without the Aid bf Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing such Agreements, and vetting the Right to the said Waggon Way in the said Charles Brandling, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Gen-tleihen. Clergy, Merchants, and other principal Inhabitants, of Leeds' and Hunjletl, in the County of York, and of sundry Persons, Owners of Grounds within the said Townships of Leeds and Hunjletl, was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Application is intended to be made for Leave to bring in a Bill to establitti certain Agreements, entered into between Charles Brandling, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Middleton, in the County of York, and certain Persons, Owners of Ground within the said Townttiips of Leeds and Ilunjlett, Whereby the said Charles Brandling has undertaken to deliver Coals at all Times of the Year in Leeds, at the Price of Four Pence Three Farthings the Corse 5 and that the Petitioners apprehend such Agreements will be of great Service to the poor Manufacturer, and also to the Country lying to the Northward of Leeds: And there-? fore praying, That the House will give Leave for a Bill to be brought in to establish the said Agreements and ascertain the Weight and Measure of the said Coals, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders) and others. Inhabitants of the Towns o{Knaresbbroiigh, Rippon, Boroughbridge, Aldborough, and Ripley, in the Count y of York, and of the Parts adjacent, was also presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said intended Application: And praying. That the

House will give Leave for a Bill to be brought in to etta-blitti the said Agreement, and ascertain the Weight and Measure of the said Coals, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Lord Dorene, Mr. White, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Morton, Mr. Lewis, Mr Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lyjter, Mr. Trijt, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fane, Mr. Walter, Mr. More, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Hcicett, Mr. Willy, Mr. Symonds, Lord Barnard, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Vanfillart, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.«$wiz7/i, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Sandys. Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Probytt, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Poore, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Nugent, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Eger ton. Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Lockyer, Lord Malpas, Mr. Calvert, Lord Middleton, Mr. George Onslow, Sir Piercy Brett, Mr. Crafter; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Leeds

Waggon

Way.

the several Persons whose Names are thereunto sub- Lands, and having Right of Common on the Commons

feribed. Owners and Occupiers of Grounds in Leeds, in the said County of York, and in llunjlelt aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioner Charles Brandling, bei ng Owner offeveral very considerable Mines and Seams of Coal, lying within the said Manor of Middleton, and other Places adjacent, has agreed to deliver Coals in Leeds at the Price of Four Pence Three Farthings per Corse, 011 being permitted to lay and enjoy a Waggon Way from his laid Colliery

Ditto.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of

unto some Place in Hcds proper for a Yard to stack his frequentlyoverflowed, and greatly annoyed with Waters,

Coals in; and that the Petitioners, the Owners of such Ground as the Waggon Way is intended to go through have con fented, upon certain Terms mentioned in the several Agreements with them made, to the laying of such Waggon Way; but tjiat the Petitioners are apprehensive that such'Agreements cannot be effectually Vox.. 28.

Chatteris, & c. Drainage.

and commonable Parts,‘lying in the several Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, and in the Hamlet of Wim-blington, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Land-owners and Commoners there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, lying within the said Parishes and Hamlet, containing Four thousanrl Three hundred Acres, or thereabouts, have of late Years been

for want of sufficient Banks and Drains, and other necessary Works, for the issuing and discharging of the said Waters to their Outfall at Sea, by which Means they are greatly diminittred in their Value; and, unless Tome speedy Remedy be provided, will, it is apprehended, be totally loft, or rendered of little or no use to the Peti-Q tioners*

C»

58

I8 — 2° Febrtiariu

A. 1758.

Fouhrlling

Hospital.

Vi oners; and alleging, that the same cannot be drained and preserved without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to empower the Petitioners to imbank and drain the said Lands and Commons; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Prerftifes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Anri it is referred to Lord Royjlcn, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bowes, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Symonds, Mr Gybbon, Mr. Hewitt, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Finch, Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Gd/hrxj, Mr. Poore, Lord Dow fie, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Weflfaiing, Mr. More, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Molyneux, Sir /oft# Mr. Gore, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Lackycr, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Townshend, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Vyner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge; Huntingdon, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the (governors and Guardians of the Hospital forexposed and desertedyoungCliildrepdo lay before this House an \ccount how the Money granted in the lati Session of Parliament, towards enabling the said Governors and Guardians to receive all such Children under a certain Age, to he by them limited, as should be brought to the said Hospital before the First Day of January 1758; and also towards enabling them to maintain and educate such Children as were then under their Care; and to continue to carry into Execution the good Purposes for whic h they were incorporated; has been expended; what Number of Children has been received between the Pirn Lay of December 17 5,6 and the ift Day of January 1 75^; and le w many Children are now maintained at die Expence of the said Hospital.

present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread;

Biscuit, and Starch.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

SirJohn Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue Ills Warrant to Queensferry, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Queen ferry, Stirling, Inver kef hen, Dumfevmline, and Culrofs, in the room oi George Haldane, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Captain General and Governor in Chief of his Majesty’s Maud oi Jamaica.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*

Jovis, 2° die Februarii;

Anno 3i° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1758.

& c. Writ.

LAYERS.

T'

Account of G-aio, \L impoi ted.

Account of Coal, 5c. exported.

Price of Grain, &c-

Supply.

Way* and

Meai.s,

High Price of Grain, ice.

The House being informed, That Mr. Tomlins* from the C ommissioners of the Custo ’is, attended a1 the Door;

He was called in: and, at ihe Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Coal and Calm that h-tve b^en exported out of England from 5th January 1755 to the rg\\ January 1 757; distinguifhingeach Year, with the several Duties that have been paid thereon.

And then ho withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do he upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. rl he said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of thisSetfion.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this Hotife will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

RcfolvedfThnt this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, tc take into further Consideration the

22 \

HE House being informed. That Mr. R owe, from the Commissioners of the Cuftorns in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in 3 and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity oi Grain and Meal imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the 10th of October 1756 to the 6th of December 17 S7; diflmguishing the several Species, and the Places from whence brought, and at which imported.

And 1 hen he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved 'amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Kr* of the principal Well Country Barge-mailers, and Own- Br,d*c* ers of Vessels navigating upon the River Thames, between the City of Oxford and the City oi' London; and also the Petition of several of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey; were severally referred, be revived: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Henry Fane presented to the House, according Endowmei

transferring certain South Sea An-

of rhs Fifty new Churches.

to Order, a Bill for

nuities, (landing in the Name of the late Treasurer to the Commidinners for building Fifty new Churches, to Trustees, for the Benefit of the Redlors of Eight of those Churches; and for veiling certain Sites for Churches, purchased by the said Commissioners, in order to sell the same, lor the Purposes in the said Bill to be mentioned: Aud the furtie was received and read the 'First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Tallow Chandlers and Dealers T in Candles, Inhabitants of the Cities of London and oi tX Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, fromlrclaa on behalf of themselves and all the other Tallow Chandlers and Dealers in Candles within this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Scarcity of ‘Brit ifk Tallow (owing, as the Petitioners apprehend, to the Severity of the Winter 1753, the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle, as v£cll as Rot among the Sheep, and the

increased


Bridge overihe ^Thames at Brentford.

3! Geo. It. 2a Pbkrmfil

increa’fod Confiirtiption of Tallowin the Mamifac&ofy of Hard Soap, now commonly used instead of Soft) has hiifed the Price thereof so high, as of Necellity to make Candles extremely dear; and that the Consequetices thereof are not only in the first hiftance severely felt by the Poor, and very discouraging to every Branch of Trade and Maim Tuft ui*e, but, by inducing great Numbers to use Oil ihstead of Candles, mnft ultimately prove Detriment to his Majesty's Revenue; and injurious to the Landed lute rest; and submitting to the House, whether the free Ad million of Irish Tallow- (the Duty of which amounts almost toa Prohibition) be not. a likely Means of reducing the present Price of Candles, and preventing Monopolies in lb efiential an Article of the Necessaries of Life, and at the same time of securing the Duties upon Candles to the Crown, with Ease and Advantage to the Subject: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief as the Nature of the same shall appear, upon Examination, to Require, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.'

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesdaytytorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition,

Ordered, That it be an Inf ruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Laws which prohibit the Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That t hey do consider of the Duties upon Skins and Hides imported into Great Britain, lo far as the same relate to Skins and Hides imported from Ireland.

Mr. George Onjlozo reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Welt Country Barge-in afters, and Owners of Vessels navigating on the River Thames, between the City of Oxford and City of London j and also the Petition offeveral of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey; were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as theyappeared to them, toget her with the Refutations of the Committee thereupon, to the House*, and he rend the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act; passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the River of Thames from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Pari t h of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, was read: And,

Charles Robinson, Bargemaster, being examined, said. That lie has navigated upon the River Thames from Henley and Marlow to London Sixteen YeanH That if a Bridge should be built, as direflect by the said Act, it would greatly obUruft the Navigation which is at'present carried on in the narrow Part of the River between the Aits and the Town of Brentford, there not being Justicient Depth of Water on the other Side: That iLa Pier was placed in such narrow Passage it would greatly obstruct the Navigation, and make it very dangerous; That they could not land their Men till they had got through the Bridge, for which they might frequently wait Half an Hour, and in such same might lose their Tide: That if a Bridge was built at the lower Ferry, called The Foot Ferry, and the Center Arch to be Fifty Feet wide, or even Forty-four, it would be sufficient; and at the Didance of about 150 Yards from the Ait, it would be no Obstruction to the Navigation, and be much more convenient.

Thomas Riley and* Soper, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Flukenett Woodroffe, Esquire, said. That if a Bridge was built at the lower or Powells Ferry at the East End of the Town of Bradford, it would open a more conve-VOL. 28.

Client Communication between the CJounties of*Middlefe* and Surrey than would be by building a Bridge at Smith's Hill

Upon the Whole, the Committee cameto the following Re dilutions.

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petitions.

.Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intijuled, An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross < he K iver of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Pariflvof Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Sufrey.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act; paflefl in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the River of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Parish of Eating, in the County of Middlesex, -known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Srni'ey: And that Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bud gen. Sir William Beauchamp Procter, Mr. Grenville, and Sir John Cujt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, ns it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge, was read; whereby it appears, that the Petitioners were empowered to appoint a Committee for putting the said Act in Execution.

James Hodges, Esquire, Town Clerk, produced to your Committee a Book, containing the Journal of the Common Council of the City of London; by which it appeared, that the Petitioners, soon after the passing of the said Act, and in pursuance thereof, appointed a Committee of Twelve Aldermen and 24 Commons of the said City to put the said Act in Execution.

Peter Roberts, junior, Esquire, being examined, said That the said Committee have proceeded to exercise the Powers given them, and have caused many of the Houses on the said Bridge to be taken down, and have contrafted with proper Workmen for improving the said Bridge; and; it being judged necessary to throw Two of the Arches of the said Bridge into One, a temporary Bridge has been erected, to preserve the general Passage in the mean time: That the Toll for Passage over the said Bridge has been duly collected, which from Midsummer 1756 (the Commencement of the Act) to Christmas last, has produced 'exclusive of about £. 400 for Charges ofcollefting)£. 1,600. or thereabouts: That it is so extremely difficult to collect the Toll for paffiftg under the Bridge, that, though it has been estimated at £.1,600. per Ann. yet it has produced in a Year and Half no more than the Sum of £. 6.15.

Mr. Glendonning, Inspector of the Tolls under the Bridge, being examined, informed your Committee, That, in order to know what the Toil ought to produce, he employed Three Men Night and Day, who took the Numbers of all the Vessels they could; and he is Lure so many went through in the Year, as, if they had all paid, would have produced £.1,650; but that it was impracticable to collect the fame.

Mr. George Dance and Mr. Taylor, Surveyors, said. That they have made a particular Estimate of the Works

to

Improving

London

Bridge.

58

i* — 2° Februarii.

A. 1751

Foundling

Hospital.

Account of Coa), 5:c. exported.

tioners; anil alleging, that the same cannot he drained and preserved without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to empower the Petitioners to imbc.uk and drain the said Lands and Commons; and that;the Petitioners may havc such other Relief in the Premiles as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Anri it is referred to Lord Royfton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bowes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Symonds, Mr Gy bbon, Mr. Hewitt, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Finch, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Ougley, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Gd/hry, Mr. Poore, Lord Downe, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Westfaiing, Mr. More, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Mobmeux, Sir John Cuji, Mr. Gore, Colonel A1 Court, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Town (head, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Vtjner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge4 Huntingdon, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet, this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Qovernors and Guardians of the Hospital forexposed and desertedyonngCliildrepdo lay before this House an \ccount how the Money granted in the lall Sefbon of Parliament, towards enabling the said Governors and Guardians to receive all Rich Children under a certain Age, to he hv them limited4 as should be brought to the said Hospital before the First Day of January 1758; and also towards enabling them to maintain and educate such Children hs were then under their Care; and to continue to carry into Execution the good Purposes for which they were incorporated; has been expended; what Nun'her of Children has been received between the l ira I )ay of December 17^6 and the lft Day of January 1 75*'; and tew many Children are now maintained at the Expence of the said Hospital.

The House being informed, That Mr. Tomlins, from the C ommi (boners of the Custo »s, attended a the Door;

He was called in: and, at ibe Bar, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quaritii ies of Coal and Culm t hat h3ve been exported out of England from 5th January 1 755 to the r,th January 1757; difiinguifhingeach Year, with the fevered Duties that have been paid thereon.

A.nd then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do he upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. rl he said Account is pTeferved amongil the other Papers of thisSeuion.

Hieh Price of Grain, Sec-

Supply.

Ways and Means*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to retake itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, retake itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Rcfolvedi That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, retake itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Breads Biscuit, and Starch.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker retained the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refutations; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Queensferrp the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Par- riU Jiament for the District of Burghs of Queen ferry, Stirling, Innerkethen, Dumfermline, and Culrofs, in the room of George Haldane, Esquire, who, since his Election tar the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Captain General and Governor in Chief of his Majesty s Island of Jamaica.

And then the House adjourned till To-monW Morning, Nine of the Clocks

Jovis, 2° die Februarii;

Anno 3i° Georgii IIai Regis, 1758.

Prayers*

THE House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from Accontit the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, at- of tended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Grain and Meal imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scot, and, from the 10th of October 1756 to the 6th of December 17 S7; diflinguhhing the several Species, and the Places from whence brouent, and at which imported.

And 1 hen he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved 'amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal West Country Barge-matters, and Owners of Vessels navigating upon the River Thames, between the City of Oxford and the City of London; and also the Petition of several of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey; were severally referred, be revived: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Henry Fane presented to the House, according Endowme*

of rht

Fifty new Churches*

Kr*

Bridge,

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the rain, &c. whole House, to take into further Consideration the

High Price of Gi

22.

to Order, a Bill for transferring certain South Sea Annuities, (landing in the Name of the late Treasurer to the Com mi lb oners for building Fifty new Churches, to Trustees, for the Benefit of the Rettors of Eight of those Churches; and for veiling certain Sites tar Churches, pure hated by the said Commissioners, in order to sell the same, for the Purposes in the said Bill to be mentioned: And the faifle was received and read the 'Frrft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Tallow Chandlers and Dealers in Candles, Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminsteri whose Names are thereunto tabferibed, from Trtii on behalf of themselves and all the other Tallow Chandlers and Dealers in Candles within this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Scarcity of British Tallow (owing, as the Petitioners apprehend, to the Severity of the Winter 1753, the Disteraper amongst the Horned Cattle, as vyell as Rot among the Sheep, and the

increased

Importatifl of Taliovi

J


Bridge everihe 'Thames at Bieutford.

H Geo. II. z* Ft&rUaril go

increased Confnrtiption of Tallow in the Manufactory of Hard Soap, now commonly used instead of Soft) has friifed the Price thereof so high, as of Necellity to make Candles extremely dear; and that the Consequences thereof are not only in the first I lift a nee severely felt by the Poor, and very discouraging to every Branch of Trade and Manufacture, but, by inducing great Numbers to use Oil ihstead of Candles, must ultimately prove Detriment to his Majesty’s Revenue* and injurious to the Landed Interest; and submitting to the House, whether the free Admission of Irish fallow (the Duty of which amounts almost toa Prohibition) be not a likely Means of reducing the present Price of Candles, and preventing Monopolies in so essential an Article of the Necessaries of Life, and at the fanle time of securing the Dut ies upon Candles to the Crown, with Ease and Advantage to the Subject: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief as the Nature of the same thall appear, upon Examination, to require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House: Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedn ofd ay Morning next, resolve itfolf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an lnfiruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Laws which prohibit the Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

Ordered, That it be an Inftmftion to the said Committee, That the}' do consider of the Duties upon Skins and Hides imported into Great Britain, so far as the same relate to Skins and Hides imported from Ireland.

Mr. George Onjlozu reported, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal West Country Barge-'malters, and Owners of Vessels navigating on the River Thames, between the City of Oxford and City of London 5 and also the Petition of several of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the Counties of Middlefez and Surrey; were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him toreportthe fame, as they appeared to them, together with the Refutations of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the last Seftioti of Parliament, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the River of 'Thames from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in :the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, was read: And,

Charles Rob info n, Bargem after, being examined, said. That he has navigated upon the River Thames from Henley and Marlow to London Sixteen Year^: That if a Bridge fhotild be built, as directed by the said Act, it would greatly obstruct the Navigation which is at'pre-fen t carried on in the narrow Part of the River between the Aits and the Town of Brentford, there not being sufficient Depth of Water on the other Side: That if a Pier was placed in such narrow Passage it would greatly obstruct the Navigation, and make it very dangerous: That they could not land their Men till they had got through the Bridge, for which they might frequently wait Half an Hour, and in such same might lose their Tide: That if a Bridge was built at the lower Ferry, called The Foot Ferry, and the Center Arch to be Fifty Feet wide, or even Forty-four, it would be sufficient; and at the Distance of about 150 Yards from the Ait, it would be no Obstruction to the Navigation, and be much more convenient.

Thomas Riley and* Soper, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Plukenett Woodroffe, Esquire, said, That if a Bridge was built at the lower or Powell's Ferry at the East End of the Town of Brentford, it would open a more conve-Yol, 28.

Went Communication kefWeehthe Co unties 0 (Middle/ei and Surrey than would be by building a Bridge at

Smith's Hill.

U pon the Whole, the Committee camCto the following Refohitions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tbi3 Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegation# of their Petitions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That the House be moved, That I^eave be given to -bring in a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intijuled. An Act for building a Bridgeor Bridges cross the R iver of Thames, from a certain Place 'in Old Brentford, in the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the River of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Parilli of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Ilill, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Snn'ey: And that Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bud gen. Sir William Beauchamp Procltir, Mr. Grenville, and Sir John Cujl, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, ns it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge, was re ?d; whereby it appears, that the Petitioners were empowered to appoint a Committee for putting the said Act in Execution.

James Hodges, Esquire, Town Clerk, produced to your Committee a Book, containing the Journal of the Common Council of the City of London; by which it appeared, that the Petitioners, soon after the passing of the said Act, and in pursuance thereof, appointed a Committee of Twelve Aldermen and 24 Commons of the said City to put the said Act in Execution.

Peter Roberts, junior, Esquire, being examined, fai'd That the said Committee have proceeded to exercise the Powers given them, and have caused many of the Houses on the said Bridge to be taken down, and have contracted with proper Workmen for improving the said Bridge; and, it being judged necessary to throw Two of the Arches of the said Bridge into One, a temporary Bridge has been erected, to preserve the general Passage in the mean time: That the Toll for Passage over the said Bridge has been duly collected, which from Midsummer 1756 (the Commencement of the Act) to Christmas Jaft, has produced 'Vexclusive of about £. 400 lor Charges ofcollecting)£. 1,600. or thereabouts: That it is so extremely difficult to collect the Toll for paffitig under the Bridge, that, though it has been estimated at £. 1,600. per Ann. yet it has produced in a Year and Half no more than the Sum of £. 645.

Mr. Glendonning, Inspector of the Tolls under the Bridge, being examined, informed your Committee, That, in order to know what the Toll ought to produce, life employed Three Men Night and Day, who took the Numbers of all the Vessels they could; and he is lure so many went through in the Year, as, if they had all paid, would have produced £.1,650; but that it was impracticable to collect the fame.

Mr. George Dance and Mr. Taylor, Surveyors, said. That they have made a particular Estimate of the Works

to

Improving

London

Badge.


Cirencester

Roads.

Rerruiting the , Land Forces.

Encouragement of Seamen.

Supply.

54

Vyner, Mr. Medlycott, Lord Middleton, Mr. Thoroton,

r. Lvfier, Mr. Maxwell, Mr. Chehoynd, Mr. Brand, Mr. Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. IF^, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Mr. Potter, Mr. Bdchier, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. P///, Mr. Earle, Mr. Frederick, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Morton, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Whichcot, Mr Radge, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Br mien ell, Mr. Lade, Mr. O/baldefttin; and ail ihe Members who'serve for the Counties of AVw/, Suffer, and Surrey; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

Mr. Dawnay presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of the Act of the 15 th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Cirencester Town's End to St. John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, as directs that the Inhabitants of the several Parities and Hamlets therein named ihaH pass Toll-free; and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Cirencester, to the Town’s End there; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

The Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more ealily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments, being read;

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second time. Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

: The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such re-ducedOfficers of his Majesty’s Land Forcesand Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were Married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Mar *7

758.

jesty’s Ships, for the Year 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Then Hie House refofved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, that lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this ITonfe will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Mean* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means forraifing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatic 280 die 'Jamtarii;

Anno 3 i° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1758.

Praters.

QR D E R E D, That M r. Speaker do issue his War- Eart Retford rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ. Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, in the room of John Shelley Esquire, who, ftnee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Clerk of the Pipe.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is 31° die yan;

Anno 310 Georgii IJdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

QRDER ED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-

Knarefboroagjji

rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ. Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Knarc/bo rough, in the County of York, in the room of the honourable Richard Arundel Esquire, deceased.

The Marquis of Granby presented to the House, ac- Great Glen cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure. open and common Fields in Great Glen, in the County of Leicester, called, the Upper or North End Fields, and all the common Pastures, common Meadows, and common and waste Grounds, within the same Fields: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom M the Bill for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor to to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chepftozv, in the CkepiUw County of Monmouth; and other Roads in the Counties Road* of Monmouth and Gloucester; was committed; That the Committee had examined, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to? be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

and

270 — 28® — 310 Januarii.

31 Geo. II.

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'Fable.

And the Hon fe being informed thatfome other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be recommitted to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Stocklty Sir John Morgan reported from the Committee, to Hj11 whom the Petition of the several Persons residing in an<^ near ^18 0VVII Ha.y> 111 the County of Brecon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Commitete had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report, the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be road the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Benjamin Allen informed your Committee, That the Road from Stock ley Hill, in the County of fferefoi'd, to the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious for Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road, from the Top of Stackley Hill, in the County of Hertford, to the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon: And that Sir John Alorgan, the Lord Malpas, and Mr. Symons, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

St. Mary Mr. Hammond presented to the House, according to Magdalen, Order, a Bill for ascertaining and collecting the Poor’s TwT Rates, and for better regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received $ and read the Fiili time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ctawton A Petition of several Gentlemen and others of the Pond County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and Gof° rt rea(*> forth, That the high Roads from the Town

Roads! Gosport, through the Town of Farcham, Wickham, the Town of Bishops Waltham, through Kilmarston, Hinton, Bramdean, Ropley Dean, to the Town of Alton, in the said County, are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot beefleChially repaired and widened by the pre-feint Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bit! for effectually repairing and widening the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fid eration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Southampton, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; ai>d report the fame, as it Iliall appear to them, to the House.

Wentworth's An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Divorce, difiolve the Marriage of Godfrey Wentworth Esquire with Dorothea Pilhington, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night,resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Inftmftion to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel and examine Witnesses for the said Bill; and alto, that they do hear Counsel and examine Witnesses against the said Bill* if* the Parties

Vol. 28.

55

concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Rr* Thomas Reverend Doctor Thomas, for the Sermon by him preached thanked-Yellerday before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Wefi-minfer; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. George Onslow, Mr. John Walter, Mr. Haiding e, and Sir John Barnard, do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of the Trustees for repairing the Pod Road Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, was pre-feu ted to the House, and read; taking Notice, That &oads« an Act passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the said Road, leading from the City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, from the Boat House Ford on Aldmond Water, and from thence to the Town of Linlithgow, and from the said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Stirling; and alfoTrom Far Ik irk to Kiljyth, and to Inch Bellie Bridge; and alleging, that the Money borrowed, and Tolls levied, by virtue of the said Act, joined with the Country Services, authorized by Law, have been found insufficient for repairing and putting in Order the said Roads; and that Aldmond Wafer, at the Boathouse Ford, where the said great Roads commence, is, by the Rapidity of its Stream, frequently impartiable, eveu by the Boat, which at no Time can be of any Service for transportingHorfes or Whecl Carriages; and that the erecting of a Bridge there would be of great Advantage: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may have the Power of Borrowing, granted by the aforesaid Act, enlarged, the Tolls augmented, and the Term thoreby granted prolonged; and that the House willconsider the Premifes, ami make fuel) Order therein, as to them shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That, the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to M r. Duncan Campbell, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Hammond, Mr. Fdlozces, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. P range.

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. More,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Tv HI, Mr. WiJJcivfon, Mr. Kynaftcn, Mr.

Dazvnay, M r. Sandys, M r.Lyster, Mr. Bud gen, Sw Francis Poole, Mr. Tozvn/hend, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Archer,

Mr. Cartzvright, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Nugent,

Mr. Crab Bolton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Medlycott,

Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Powell, M v.Wilkes, Mr Pitt,

Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. ICalter, Lord Digby, Mr. Vernon; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for repealing so much of the Act of the 15th Cirencfter Year of his present Majeliv, for enlarging the Term and Roads. Powers granted by an Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty Kingsrecrge the First, for repairing the Roads from Cirencester Tozvn's End to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of GlouCefler, as directs that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Hamlets therein named shall pass Toll-free; and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Cirencester, to the Town’s F.nd there, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts; was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dazvnay,

Lord Malpas, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Pye, Sir Francis Poole, M r. Fellowes, W r. Witkinjbn, M r. Kyihston,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hanger, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Barrozo,

'Sw Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Seiuyn, Mr. Gore. Mr. Finch,

Mr. Lezcis, Mr. Pitt, Lord Donne, Mr Hunt,'Sir.Mrdly-cottjMr.Prozcfe, Sivjehn Qrcffe; and all the Members who l'erve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, and Berks;

And they are to meet this Afternoonat Five of the Clock,

31° Janu.

L

lireneefler

Roads.

Supply.

56

31° Janu

A. 1758.

in the Speaker's Chamber; have Voices.

and all who come are to

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Sherbourne, Farmington, Turkdcav, Bour/on on the Wafer and its Hamlets, the Parish of Slaughter, Northieachy Hampnett, Eajingion, CW/z Dennis,

Co/zz Rogers, Biburp and its Hamlets, Barnejley, and Aldjworth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and rend; setting forth, That the Petitioners, the Inhabitants of the said Parishes for the Time being, and their Carriages and Cattle, by virtue of an Act passed in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cirencester Town's End to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, were, after the Expiration of the Term by the said former Act granted, to pass and repass the said Road Toll free; and alleging, that the Petitioners observe that Leave is given for bringing in a Bill for repealing so much of the said first-mentioned Acts, as directs, that the Inhabitants of the said several Parities and Hamlets, particularly above-mentioned, may pass and repass on the said Road Toll free; and further alleging, that the Petitioners travel on the said Road from their respective Parities, to the Town’s End of Cirencester, about Half a Mile; and that fmee the passing of the said Two Acts, there have been Two more Turnpikes set up a few Miles from the Town oi Cirencester, leading from thence through the Road above-mentioned, to the said respective Parities, on two several Roads; to wit, at Bibury, and at or near a Place called Fofs Bridge; at each of which Turnpikes the Petitioners pay the full Toll: And therefore praying, That they, and others the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes and Hamlets, and their Coaches, Waggons, and other their Carriages, their Horses, and other their Cattle, above particularly mentioned, may continue to pass and repass on the said Road Toll-free 5 and that the Petitioners may be further relieved in the Preinifes, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of the Act of the 15th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Cirencester Towns End to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, as directs, that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Hamlets therein named shall pass Toll-free; and for repairing the Street from the Jligh Cross in Cirencester, to the Town’s End there, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts; is committed.

Land Lax CommifHoner*.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-tive thousand Six hundred and Two Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Ninety-eight PoundsSeventeen ShillingsandElevenPence,be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, re-

duced; and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Two hundred Twenty-six Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establiflmient of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, for the Year 1758.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for naturalizing George Clifford, was read a Clifford* Second time. Nau

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Font-reau, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hardingc, Mr. Gore, Mr.

More, Lord Parker, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr.

Ridley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Felloices, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Fuller, Mr; Calvert, Mr. Rozvney, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Pye, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Godolphin,

Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Crajter,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. JVilkes, Mr. Hcivett, jSir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Trf, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Locke, Mr. Medlycoft,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Wef, Mr. Rankes, Mr.

George Onfozv, Mr. Bidler, Mr. GaJJny, Mr. Powell,

Mr. Curzon, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Cocks, Sir George Lee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being'read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be rai'ed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1758; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be assessed upon Sumerfet House, in the Strand;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itfeJf into a Committee of the Encouragement whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Scamcn* Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establifiling a regular Method for the punctual, frequent^ and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the fame, for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone t hrough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bacon accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

3 i Geo. IL ' \° Februarii. £7

Mercurii, i° die Februarii;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

Cirencester \ /f R. Thomas Gore reported from the Commifctee, to CriHUadc 'v^10m the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy,

Koad. principal Inhabitants, and Tradesmen,of the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, and of the Borough of Crieklade, in the County of Wilts, and others of the said Counties, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee hadekartiitied the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards ' delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same wns read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ju support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. William Grayhurst informed your Committee, That he had lately travelled the Ro&d from Cirencester to Crieklade, through the several Places mentioned in the Petition; and that the said Road is in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places extremely narrow; and that Carriages are frequently obliged to go many Miles about, occasionerl, as the Witness apprehends, by the Badness of th^ Road; and that the fame.cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary course of Law.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence; and added, that the last Three Quarters of a Mile of the Road from Cirencester to Crieklade (being the great Road) is frequently overflowed with W ater, and that he has been obliged to go many Miles about with his owrj Carriage. ’ Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Crieklade, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Hanger, Mr. Thomas Gore, and Mr. Charles Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the faine.

OSes , Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to md Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to Sajkjmenu. qna]|fy themfel ves for Oflices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ASz- A Bill for the due making of Bread, and to regulate of the Price and Assize thereof, was read a Second time, foal,&c. Re/olved, That the Bid be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

jRe/olved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bid.

L«ds A Petition of Charles Brandling, Esquire, Lord of the V'yjM Manor of Middleton, and of an undivided Share of the *a-v* Manor of Hinfiett, both in the County of York, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto fulifer i bed, Owners and Occupiers of Grounds in Leeds, in the said County of York, and in Hanftelt aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioner Charles Brandling, beingOwner of several very confxlerable Mines and Seams of Coal, lying within the said Manor of Middle Ion, and other Places adjacent, has agreed to deliver Coals in Leeds at the Price of Four Pence Three Farthings per Corse, on being permitted to lay and enjoy a Waggon Way from his laid Colliery unto some Place in Lm/.v proper for a Yard to flack his Coals in; and that the Petitioners, the Owners of such Ground as the Waggon Way is intended to go through have consented, upon certain Terms mentioned in the several Agreements with them made, to the laying of such Waggon Way; but tjiat the Petitioners are apprehend ve that such'Agreements cannot be effectually Vox.. 28.

carried info execution without the Aid bf Parliament:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing such Agreements, and veiling the Right to the said Waggon Way in the said Charles Brandling, in such Manner as to the House , shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Gen- Le«H tleihen, Clergy, Merchants, and other principal Inhabi- Waggon tants, of Leeds and Hunftett, in the County of York, and of sundry Persons, Owners of Grounds within the said Town ships of Leeds and Hunftett, was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Application is intended to be made for Leave to bring in a Bill to establish certain Agreements, entered into between Charles Brandling, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Middleton, in the County of York, and certain Persons, Owners of Ground within the said Townships of Leeds and Hunftett, tvbereby the said Charles Brandling has undertaken to deliver Coals at all Times of the Year in Leeds, at the Price of Four Pence Three Farthings the Corse; and that the Petitioners apprehend such Agreements will be of great Service to the poor Manufacturer, and also to the Country lying to the Northward of Leeds: And there? fore praying, That the House will give Leave for a Bill to be brought in to establish the said Agreements and ascertain the Weight and Measure of the said Coals, in such Manlier as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders* Ditto, and others. Inhabitants of the Towns ot Knaresborough,

Rippon, Boro a glib ridge, Aldborough, and Ripley, in the County of York, and of the Parts adjacent, was also pre* fented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said intended Application: And praying. That the

House will give Leave for a Bill to be brought in to elta-blish the said xAgreement, and ascertain the Weight and Measure of the said Coals, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Lord Dorene, Mr. White,

Mr. Gq/hry, Mr. Morton, Mr. Lewis, Mr Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Ly/ler, Mr. Tv ft,

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fane, Mr. Walter, Mr. More, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Willy, Mr. Symonds,

Lord Barnard, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Vanjitlart, Mr. Fonereau,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Smith, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Sandys.

Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Probyn, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Poore, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Nagent, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Egerton, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Lockyer, Lord Malpas, Mr. Calvert, Lord Middleton, Mr. George Onslow, Sir Piercy Brett, Mr.

Crafter; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Chatteris, thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of &c. Lands, and having Right of Common on the Commons Drainage, and commonable Parts,*lying in the several Parithesof Chatteris and Doddington, and in the Hamlet of JVim-blington, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Laud-owners and Commoners there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That certain Fen Lands,

Low Grounds, and Commons, lying within the said Parishes and Hamlet, containing Four thousand Three hundred Acres, or thereabouts, have of late Years been . frequently overflowed, and greatly annoyed with Waters, for want of sufficient Banks and Drains, and other necessary Works, for the issuing and discharging of the said Waters to their Outfall at Sea, by which Means they are greatly diminiflred in their Value; and, uniels feme speedy Remedy be provided* will, it is apprehended, be totally loft, or rendered of little or no use to the Peti-Q tioners*

S8


i° Februafiu

A. 175$.

tiotiers; and alleging, that the same cannot be drained hncl preserved without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to empower the Petitioners to imbank and drain the said Lands and Commons; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Prertf ifes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine th£ Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Royfton, Mr. FuHer, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bowes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Symonds, Mr Gybbon, Mr. Hewitt, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Finch, Sir Edmuhd Isham, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Pitt, Mr. O fig ley, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Gdfhry, Mr. Poore, Lord Downe, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Wejifaiing, Mr. More, Sir Crojfe, Mr. Molyneux, Sir Cuji, Mr. Gore, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Lockijer, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Townfield, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Vyner; and alt the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Fouhdling Ordered, That the (governors and Guardians of the o pitai. J-Jospital forexposed and desertedyoungChildrepdo lay before this House an \ecount how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards enabling the said Governors and Guardians to receive all such Children under a certain Age, to be by them limited, as should be brought to the said Hospital before the First Pay of January 1758; and also towards enabling them to maintain and educate such Children as were then under their Care; and to continue to carry into Execution the good Purposes for whic h they were incorporated 5 has been expended; what Number of Children has been received between the Fin* Lay of December 1756 and the lft Day of January 1 75 ~: and lu*w many Children are now maintained at the Expence of the said Hospital.

Account The House being informed, That Mr. Tomlins* from °cx ored C ^beCommissioners of the Custo > s, attended a> the Door;

He was called in: and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quant it ies of Coal and Culm that h'ive been exported out of England from 5th January 1755 to the rph January 175; diliingiiilhingeach Year, with the several Duties that have been paid thereon. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do he upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House. rl he said Account is preserved arnongil the other Papers of thisSession.

H;*h Price The ®r(^er^le^ay ^eing read, for the House to reef Grain, &c. solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch;

Ordered, That the said Order be pollponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ways and Resolved^ That this House will, Upon Friday Mom-

Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the rain, &c. whole House, to take into further Consideration the

Hiah Price of Gi

present high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread;

Biscuit, and Starch.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refutations; which they hnd directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Queensferry the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the &c-electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Distrifcl of Burghs of Queen ferry, Stirling, Innerkethen, Dumfermlinc, and Cutrofs, in the room of George Haldane, Eft] u ire, who, since his Election for the said Distriet of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Captain General and Governor in Chief of his Majesty ’s island of Jamaica.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrov

Morning* Nine of the Clock,

Writ.

Jovisy 2° die Februarii; Anno 3i* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1758.

’RAYERS.

T

HE House being informed. That Mr. Howe, from Accoati

the Coimnissioners of the Customs in Scotland, at- of G-=m, J

impoj ted

Krvr

Brjd-i

22.

tended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity o.‘ Grain and Meal imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the 10th of October 1756 to the 6th of December 17^7; distingmihing the several Species, and the Places from whence brought, and at which imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved 'amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal West Country Barge-mailers, and Owners of Vessels navigating upon the River Thames, between the City of Oxford and the City of London; and also the Petition of several of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey; were severally referred, be revived: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Henry Fane presented to the House, according Endowrr to Order, a Bill for transferring certain South Sea An- of the unities, (landing in the Name of the late Treasurer to F,fty n< the Com mi Ifi oners for building Fifty new Churches, to lurchl Trustees, for the Benefit, of the Rectors of Eight of those Churches; and for veiling certain Sites for Churches, purchased by the said Commissioners, in order to sell the same, for the Purposes in the said Bill to be mentioned: And the same was received and read the 'Frrft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Tallow Chandlers and Dealers importa in Candles, Inhabitants of the Cities of London and 0‘ Talli Westminfieri whose Names are thereunto subscribed, from id on behalf of thetnselves and all the other Tallow Chandlers and Dealers in Candles within this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Scarcity of British Tallow (owing, as the Petitioners apprehend, to the Severity of the Winter 1753, the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle, as fellas Rot among the Sheep, and the

increased

Bridge overihe I'liamts at Branford.

Geo. II. 2* r^ruaril 59

in’creased Consumption of Tallow in the Mamiia&ory of Hard Soap, now commonly nfed instead of Soft) has hiifed the Price thereof so high, as of Necellity to make Candles extremely dear; and that the Consequences thereof are not only in the first hiftance severely felt by the Poor, and very discouraging to every Branch of Trade and Main daft n re, but, by inducing great Numbers to life Oil iidiead of Candles, must ultimately prove h Detriment to his MajestyN Revenue* and injurious to the Landed Interefi;and submitting to the House, whether the free Admission of Irish 'Fallow (the Duty of which amounts aim oft to a Prohibition) be not a likely Means of reducing the present. Price of Candles, and preventing Monopolies in so essential an Article of the Necessaries of Life, and at the same time of securing the Duties ujpon Candles to the Crown, with Ease and Advantage lo the Subject: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief as the Nature of the same shall appear, upon Examination, to Require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.'

- Rc/blved, Thatthis House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, 'Fhat it he an In lira ft ion to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Laws which prohibit the Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

Ordered, That, it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duties upon Skins and Ilidesimported into Great Britain, so far as the same relate to Skins and Hides imported from Ireland.

Mr. George Onslow reported, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Well Country Barge-'masters, and Owners of Vessels navigating on the River Thames, between the City of Oxford and City of London; and also the Petition offeveral of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey; were severally referred, That the Committee had examined tlieMatters of the said Petitions; and had directed him toreportthe fame, as they appeared to them, together with the Refoiutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the River of 7'names from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in The Pari Ih of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, was read: And,

Charles Robivfon, Bargemaster, being examined, said. That he has navigated upon the River Thames from Hen-icy and Marlow to London Sixteen Year^: That if a Bridge should be built, as directed by the said Act, it would greatly obstruct the Navigation which is at present carried on in the narrow Part of the River between the Aits and the Town of Brentford, there not being sufficient Depth of Water on the other Side: That if-a Pier was placed in such narrow Passage it would greatly obstruct; the Navigation, and make it very dangerous; That they could not land their Men till they had got t h ro ugh t he Br i d ge, for w h i ch they m i gl 11 frequen t ly wai t Half an Hour, and in such same might lose their Tide;

That if a Bridge was built at the lower Ferry, called The Fool Ferry, and the Center Arch to be Fifty Feet wide, or even Forty-four, it would be sufficient; and at the Dillance of about 150 Yards from the Ait, it would be no Obstruction to the Navigation, and be much more convenient.

Thomas Riley and* Soper, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Plukenett Woodroffe, Esquire, said, That if a Bridge Was built at the lower or Powell's Ferry at the East End of the Town of Brentford, it would open a more conve-

Vol. 28.

mient Communication between the Counties of'Midctiefe* and Surrey than would be by building a Bridge at Smith's Hill.

Upon the Whole, the Committeecameto the following Hefolutions.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of ihi3 Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegation^ of their Petitions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for building a Bridgeor Bridges cross t he R iver of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Sufrey.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act* pa fieri in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the River of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Sum'ey: And that Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bud gen. Sir William Beauchamp Proof or, Mr. Grenville, and Sir John Cujl, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge, was read; whereby it appears, that the Petitioners were empowered to appoint a Committee for putting the said Act in Execution.

James Hodges, Esquire, Town Clerk, produced to your Committee a Book, containing the Journal of the Common Council of the City of London; by which it appeared, that the Petitioners, soon after the passing of the said Act, and in pursuance thereof, appointed a Committee of Twelve Aldermen and 24 Commons of the said City to put the said Act in Execution.

Peter Roberts, junior, Esquire, being examined, fafd That the said Committee have proceeded to exercise the Powers given them, and have caused many of the Houses on the said Bridge to be taken down, and have contrafted with proper Workmen for improving the said Bridge; and; it being judged necessary to throw Two of the Arches of the said Bridge into One, a temporary Bridge hasEeen erected, to preserve the general Passage in the mean time: That the Toll for Passage over the said Bridge has been duly collected, which from Midsummer 1756 (the Commencement of the Act) to Christmas last, has produced ;exclusive of about £. 400 lor Chargesofeollefting)^. 1,600. or thereabouts: That it is so extremely difficult to collect the Toil for paffifig under the Bridge, that, though it has been estimated at £.1,600. per Ann. yet it has produced in a Year and Half no more than the Sum of £. 645.

Mr. Glendonning, Inspector of the Tolls under the Bridge, being examined, informed your Committee, That, in order to know what the Toll ought to produce, life employed Three Men Night and Day, who took the Numbers of all the Vessels they could; and he is sure so many went through in the Year, as, if they had all paid, would have produced £.1,650; but that it was impracticable to collect the fame.

Mr. George Dance and Mr. Taylor> Surveyors, said, Thatthqy have made a particular Estimate of the Works

to

Improving

London

Bridge.

6o

Ftbrudriu

A. 1758.

to be dotoe, AmbuMirtg to at least£. ^5,000, exclusive of the temporary Bridge, which colt £. 4,000, and the Purchases necessary, which will be abont £, 14,000.

Ordered, That Leave he given to brines in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the 2Qth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Railage over and through Ixmdon Bridge; and for rendeiing the same more effectual: And that Sir John Philityls, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir John Barnard, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Kynaston,ax\<i Mr. Havt~ wond, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

High Price Sir John Philippe, according to Order, reported from otCnain, &c. the Committee of the whole House, to whorn it was referred to consider further of the orefent high Price of Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Rifcuit, and Starch, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place;, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same were read; ami are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Corn and Grain be taught and sold by one and the same Weight throughout this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever die several Sorts of Corn or Grain thall have continued to be sold at the London Market, for the fp'ace of Three W eeks, above certain Price*, to be fixed, the Ports shall be opened, for a limited Time, for the free Importation of foreign Grain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Bounty be allowed on the Exportation of Malt, Barley, live. Wheat, or Flour, unless, at the Time of such Exportation, the said several Sorts of Grain and Flour shall have been sold at the London Market, for flie spaee of Three Weeks, at lower Prices than are limited by an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Manj, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Corn.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever the several Sorts of Corn and Grain thall have continued to be sold at the London Market, for the Space of Three Weeks, above certain Prices, to be fixed, no low Wines or Spirits w hatsoever shall be made, extracted, or did died, within this Kingdom, from any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Violences committed by Mobs in many Parts of this Kingdom have been one Cause of the present high Price of Corn, by preventing the proper and usual Circulation thereof.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further

Consideration upon this Pay Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Verier is, 30 die Februarii;

Anno 310 Georgii ILdl Regis, 175&.

Pr a e r s.

A PETITION of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in execution an Act, passed in the 12th Year of his present Majesty’s4 Reign, for repairing the Roads from Bakexcell to Chester-feld, in the County of Derby, and from Chesterfield to Workfopp, in the County of Nottingham, and from Chesterfield to a Place where the Northern Road meets the Chesterfield Road, which leads to Mansfield, in the said County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That several large Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, and have been applied, together with the Money arising by the Tolls upon the said Road from Chesterfield to Workfopp, according to the Direction of the said Act; notwithstand-

ing which, the Repairs of the said Road are not completed; and that the Petitioners find, that the Road from Chesterfield to Workfopp cannot be effectually repaired and amended, and the said Money borrowed repaid,the Sum of Five thousand Pounds and Upwards thereof being ftdl ^w-ing, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be enlarged, and made more efif< ftual, o»'d the Tolls augmented: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Ptirpnfos aforesaid, in such Mahner as to the House shall h em meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it i.4 referred to Lord George Cavendifii, Mr. Kynaftxm, Mr. Delavnl, Mr. Lvfier, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Thomas Claveringy Mr. Gvbhon, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Lowndes, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Probyn, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Fuller, Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Fane, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Proivje, Sir Ellis Cunlifi?, Mr. Potter, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Rowe\ Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Boone, Sir John Gl nnc, Mr. Belch irr. Sir John Philipps, M r. BrudenclL Lord Barnard, Mr. Ne/hitt, Mr. Archer, Mr. Symons, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. /{(fleck, Mr. Curzon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby. Nottingham, Lane after, Chester, and Lincoln; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; an I have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir John Gordon and Sir John Phillips, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to amend an Act. p«»(Ted in the Jaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the Kiver or' Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Piriih of Ealing, in the County of Mid defer, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's llill, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey.

Bake well to

Workfopp

Road.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridgman be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in,a Bill for amending widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads from the Town of A hreicsbury to Wefibury, and from Shiew/bw y to Mingrrlen. in the County of Salop; and from Shreicjbnru to the Town of Pool, ill the County of Montgomery; and from Shren/hury to the Town of OJiveJiry, ami irom the Finger Toft near O/zvefiry to Knockin; and also from Ceft. n Hill in Shrewsbury to BaJ'church, in the County of Salop.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to udiom the Bill for repaiiing the load from the Village of \Ia-gnr to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chcpjioiv, in the County of Monmouth; and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouthzn&Gloucester; was re-committed, That the Committee had made feme other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where ihe Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second lime, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, wdtb Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hunter presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was* received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of James Leigh Perref, Ffq*f re, Lord of the Manor of Northleigh, in the County o Oxford, and several otherProprietors,interested in the several common

Fields,

Kr\*

Brwge*

SI vc w (bury kuads*

Major

to

ChrpUOS

UjacL

Marine F rcc* Regulation*

NortMe*gfr

Inclosure*

African

Company

Cirencrfor

lo

Lansdown

Read.

31 Geo. II. 30 Februar’ 01

Fields, common Meadows, and commonable Lands, lying in the Parish or'l ownship of Northleigh aforesaid, was presented to the House, ami read; letting forth, That there are Tevcral common Fields, common Meadows, and commonable Lands, within the said Parish or Township, which would be of much greater Value if the fame were divided into fe pa rate and difiiufr Allotments atnomrft the several Proprietors, and inclosed; but that fueliDivision and inclosure cannot be executed without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives Ins Confeut, as far as his Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Turner and the Lord Strange do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented lo the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majedv’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have laid before 1 his House an Account of the Expenditure of the Sun; granted for 1756; and setting forth, That the Petitioners have inverted the Money granted, in 1757, in Goods, Stores, and Necessaries, for the Support of the several Forts upon the Coart of Africa: And therefore praying the House to grant such a Sum for the necessary Support thereof, for the ensuing Year, as to ti e House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie uport the Table.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the 16th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to a Place called The Monument, upon Lansdown, in the said County; and also of several Gentlemen and other Persons living near the said Road, whose Names respectively are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, ami read; alleging, That several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which dill remain due; and that although the Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls, have been applied pursuant to the Directions and for the Purposes of the said Act, yet several Parts of the said Roads remain in a ruinous Condition; and, unless some Remedy be speedily had, the same will become impafiable: And therefore praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, and for making the same more effectual, for completing the Repairs of the said Road, and keeping the same in Repair, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem requisite and expedient. 1

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that t hey do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fellozves, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Cust, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Rojc Fuller, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. More, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Rankes, Mr. Willy, Mr. FaneMw Richard Warwick Rampfylde, Mr. Ban'ow, Mr. Charlton, 'sir. Balhurst, S\r William Codrington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Q a fury, Mr. Symons, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Vol. 28.

Molymux, Lord North, Mr. Lewis, Lord Dozone; and ‘ all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Hereford, Bucks, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto fubforibed, being Freeholders and Inhabitants of the County of Gloucester, and residing near and usually travelling :he high Roads therein after-mentioned, lying in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the ^House, and read; setting forth. That the High Roads to and from the Town of Tel-bury, through the Parishes, Places, Tythinns, or Hamlets, of Tethury, Charleton. Beave^fhne, Baguath, Kings-coate. Cold Harbour, fhv!pen, and (Cotton, UnderedgP, to the Gates at the Westeriy Side of Simond's Hall Down, leading to the Turnpike Roads from thence to Wotton Underedge and Dnrjley; and from the Turnpike at the Top of Frocejier 11 ill through Nymphs Field, Owlpen, King senate, Bagp /'//, La thorough, Bovwell, Leigh ferton, Tresham, Seffle:vood Oldbury on the Hill, Hawk/bury, and llawkfhury-uplon, to the Joining of the Road leading from Cirencester to tho* Monument upon Lansdown., in Jlawlsbury^upUm Field, and near to Dunkirk Barn; and from the Market House in the Town of Tethurjj, through Upton, Avening, and Minchin Hampton, to the Turnpike Road on Minchin Hampton Common, leading from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud; and from such Part of the said Road in Minchin Hampton Field where the Roads leading to Minchin Hampton, Avening, Cherrington, and Hide, part, unto The said Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, at or near Burnt A/h, and from thence through Hide to Taylot's Mill Pond, in Chaford Bottom; and likewise through Hide to the River at the Bottom of Bourn Hill; are in a very founderous Condition; and, from the Nature of the Soil and Narrow-ness of the Passages in several Places, are become very incommodious, and in the Winter and rainy Seasons almost impafiable for Wheel Carriages, and cannot be effectually repaired, amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the amending, repairing, and widening, the said R.oads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee:. And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Anti it is referred to Mr. Berkeley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Smith, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. More, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Mr. Nugent, Sir Thomas Clave ring, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Elliott, Lord Pidfcncy, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Macke:.; fie, Lord Mai pas, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Aldicorth, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr.-Townshend, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Campbell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, WorecJler, and Hereford; and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quant ity of Tallow, and the Quantity or Number of raw Hides and Skins, that have been imported into this Kingdom, from Michaelmas 1747 to Michaelmas 1737; dlftinguishing each Year, and the Places from whence such Tallow, raw Hides and Skins, 'have been imported; together with an Account of the Duties that have been paid thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of such Tallow that has been reexported from Michaelmas 1747 to Michaelmas 1757 j distinguishing each Year, and the Places to which it has

Pv been

Tetbury

Roads.

Account of Tallow, See. imported.

Ditto

exported.

Account of 1 ann rs Baik exported.

Recruiting

tn

Land Forc:s

Supply.

Ways 2nd Means.

Foundling

Hospital.

6z

3° — 6° Februarii.

been exported; together with an Account of the Drawback paid thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity df Tanners Bark that hath been exported from this Kingdom from Michaelmas 1747 to Michaelmas 1757; distinguishing each Year, and the Places from and to which the same has been exported.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton acquainted the House, That be was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Iiejblved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 6° die;

Anno 310 Georgii IF* Regis, 1758. Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Collingwood, <Secretary to the Hospital for expoled and defected young Children, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Number of Children have been received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children from the 31 ll of December 1756, exclusive, to the 31st of December 1757, inclusive; in consequence of the Sum of £. 30,000 granted to his Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, towards enabling the said Governors and Guardians to receive, all such Children, under a certain Age, to be by them limited, as llioukl he brought to the said Hospital before the lit of January 1758; and also towards enabling them to maintain and educate such Children as are now under their Care; and to continue to carry into Execution the good Purport's for which they were incorporated; and also an Account how the Money received iuConsequence of the said Grant, and t he Balance remaining in Hand of the last Account, delivered in to the honourable House of Commons the 2 id cADeccinberi 7 36, being 2,700l. os. 3d. has been expended; like wife an Account of what Number of Children an now maintained at the Expence of the said Hospital.

And then he withdrew.

- And the Title of the fail Account was read iS

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table; to be pern fed by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Right honourable I high Earl of Northumberland, and Elizabeth Countess of Xortlnmiher-land, Lord and Lady of the Manor of Shilbotlle, within the Barony of Alnzoick, in the Co 11 nty of Northumherland, and the humble Petition of the several Freeholders and O w ners of Land s, Tenement s, and Hered i tamen ts, i 111 hc said Manor and Parish of Shilbotlle, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a certain Common or v Tract of Waste Ground, called Shilbotlle Common or Moor, situate within the said Manor and Parish and Barony oi'Alnwick, containingabout 1,400 Acres, whereon the said Earl and Countess, and the several Freeholders and Land-owners of and in the said Manor and Parish, are intitled to and do enjoy a Right to departure their commonable Cattle; and alleging, that the said Common, Moor, or Waste Ground, in its present Condition, is of little Use, but is very capable of Improvement; and that the greatest Part of the said Freeholders are deli rows that the same lliould be in cl o fed, and divided amongst the Persons intitled to Common Right therein: And therefore praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that. Sir He my Grey and Mr. John Delaval do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Freeholders, Farmers, and others, living in or near the several Towns and Villages of Sheffield, in the County of York, I I other -f age, Hope, Cajlleton, Chappell en le Frith, Bakewell, Tidf-zcell, Eyam, and Great Hack laze, in the County of Derby, Stockport, in the County of Chester and Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the High Road from the Three Lane Ends in Little Sheffield, in EccUjall, in the Parish of Sheffield aforesaid, over the high Moors to Ha-therfage, and from thence over Mytham Bridge, through the Towns of Hope ziu&CaJllefon, to Sparrow Pit Gate, in the County of Derby, and also the Road leading from the Guide Post in the said County of York, near Barbor Fields Cupola, in the said County of Derby, over the high Moors, to Grindleforlh Bridge, through Great Hucklow, over Tidfzvell Moor, to Buxton, in the County of Derby , are in many Places so very narrow and rugged, and in the Winter and rainy Seasons so deep and thunderous, that it is very difficult and dangerous for Travellers and Carriages to pass thereon, and that the said Roads cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads, in such manner as to the . House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George C'avendi/hMr.Bridgman, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Ridley, Lord Parker, Mr. Thomas Coventry, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Wilkin fan, Mr. Hezcett, Mr. Vernon, Mr. I cHowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sandys, I\Er. George Onflow, Mr. Kyuaftov, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. More, Sir Edward 1 inner, Mr. Trijt, IVlr. Infer, Nfr. Baitnian, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Webb, Mr. Prowse, Lord North, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fair fa. r, Sir John Cust, Mr. Moore, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Probyn, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Toionjhend, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Sy-monds, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Fane, Mr. Caleb rook e, Mr. Affleck, Sir Willoughby Ajton, Mr. Alderman Dickinson’ Mr. Lewis, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Leftie, Mr. MedlycotL Mr.

ShilbottJe

Inclosure.

Sheffield

to

Ecclesall

Road.

GiiO. II;

60 Februa

Norhlr'gh

Juvlolure.

Brancept'h

luciulurc.

Chard

R>oadj.

31

Willy, Mr. Gybbon; anrl all the Members who serve f'n- the Conn ties of Derby, York, Nottingham, Lane after, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chan: her: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Lord Parker be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring jrc. a 13:11 pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of James Leigh Per rot, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Northleigh, in the County of Oxford, and several other Proprietors interested iti the several common Fields, common Meadows, and commonable Lands, lying in the Parish or Township of North Leigh aforesaid.

A Menage from the Lords, by Mr. Mount ague, and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Wastes or Commons, called Brancepeth and Stcckley Moors or Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Branccpetfi, in the County of Durham, without any Amendment.

And then the Me (ledgers withdrew.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen and other Persons living in, near, and uftinlly travelling from, the West End of the Town of Chard, in the County of So-merfity through the several Parities of Chas'd, Combe St. Nicholas, and White Staunton, in the same County, and through the fe\ oral Parishes of Yarcombe, Manbury, Upottenj, Cotleig/i, Monkton, Honiton, Gittisham, Buckcrell, Viniton, Ottery St. Mary, and Talia on, in the County of Devon, to a certain Place, called Strait-way he ad, in the Parish of Talleton aforesaid, being the Place where the Turnpike Road from Exon ends, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place *, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. George Worry, being examined, said, That the Road from Chard to Honiton is Thirteen Miles in Length, and is in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places very narrow and incommodious, and dangerous to Carriages, and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Method appointed by the Laws in being; but that the Road well ward of Honiton is not so bad: That there are several Rivers running crois the said Roads, which in Time of Floods are dangerous, so that it will be necessary to build a Bridge or Bridges over the said Rivers: That the intended Road from Chard to Fair Mile Water is nearer by about Three Miles than going through Axminster.

M r. Simon Brad foot, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence with regard to the Condition of the Roads, and the Insufficiency of the Laws in being to amend the fame; and said, that he had measured the Road from Chard to Honiton, which is Thirteen Miles, and from Honiton to Fair Mile Water is Five Miles; and that, if the said Roads were effectually repaired and widened, it would be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants of that Part of the Country.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subseri bed the Declaration, and taken and subseri bed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes:

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the Welt End of the Town of Chard, in the County oiSomerJet, t hrough the Town of Honiton, to a Place called Fair Mile Inn, in the County of Devon;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Yol. 28.

63

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes.

Sir George Yonge, } 97-

Mr. Courtenay:

Mr. George Pitt,

Mr*. Henry Fane. j O2"

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge and Mr. Courtenay do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. CharVon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, whiqhthc Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 17^8.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Morton reported from the Committee, to wliotii the Petition of the Trnftees-whose Names are thereunto subseri bed, appointed by and in purfuaiice of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Four-and-twentieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Road's leading from Woodjt.ock through Kidding ton and Enfione to Roll-right Lane, and from Enjloio Bridge to Kiddinglon aforesaid, in the County 0$Oxford, and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, Jiving in, near, and usually travelling through, the said Roads, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said tuft-mentioned Act was read; whereby it appeared, that the Tolls and Duties therein mentioned Mere to commence from the 20th Day of May 1751, and to have Continuance for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

That by the said Act the Tolls and Duties, granted by the Act of the Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, were lessened One-third part; and the Trustees were rest rained from borrowing more than £.500 upon the Credit of the Tolls.

Mr. Thomas Bulky, Clerk to the Trullees, being examined, said. That since the passing of the Act relating to broad Wheels, many Carriages with broad Wheels, carrying great Weights, phfs through the said Road*; and that the said Roads are now in very bad Repair; and that, imlefs the lolls are increased, and the Term and Powers by the said Acts granted enlarged, the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired.

M r. Nicholas Ward\ being examined, confirmed the above Evidence: And

Mr. Thomas Buliey, being further examined, said. That £-500 has been borrowed by the Trustees, which has been laid out and contracted for on the said Roads, which is found insufficient for the effectual Repair of the fame.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powersgranted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads.leading from Woodstock through Kiddinglon and Enjlcnc to Rollright Lane, and Evjloxv Bridge to Kidding-

t%n

L

Supply.

Wood flock, *c. Roads.

#4

ton aforesaid; and for making the said Act more effectual: And that Mr. Morton and Mr. Rozoney do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Woodford A Petition of the Impropriatorof/FW/brrf, otherwise Inclosure. Halfe Woodford., in the County of Northampton, of the Vicar and Incumbent of the Parish Church there, and offeverai Freeholders, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, in the open and common Fields of Woodford y otherwise Halfe Woodford, aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto fuhJcribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are feiled or possessed of several Freehold Eliates and other Properties in the said Fields, which lie intermixed and dif-erfed over the whole Fields in final! Parcels, by _ leans whereof great Inconveniences do arise; and alleging, that it would be of great Advantage to 'the Owners of the said Fields if the same were inclosed, and divided into just Allotments to and for the several Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said open and common Fields of Woodford, otherwise Halfe Woodford, aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cartwright and Sir Edmund Isham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Endowment A Bill for transferring certain South Sea Annuities, of the Handing in the Name of the late Treasurer to the Comply New miQioners for building Fifty new Churches, to Truf-)urc es‘ tees, for the Benefit of the Ifteftors of Eight of those Churches; and for vesting certain Sites for Churches, purchased by the said Commissioners, in order to sell the same, for the Purposes in the said Bill to be mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Fane, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Rice, Mr. West, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gijhbon, M r. lh/der, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Prouse, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Tucker, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Medljcott. Lord Dupplin, Ms. Sandys, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fcllovces, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilk inf on, Mr. More,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. John Fuller, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Bar ? 'ozv, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bagot, Lord North, Mr. Bozves,

Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Foley, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Pitt, Colonel Hollywood, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Probijn, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Hamilton, Colonel Mor daunt, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Lionel Pil-kington, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Townshend, Sir JohnGlynne, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vernon, Mi. Rozoney, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Butler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Midddej'ex and Surrey; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Westminster Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Con (tables, explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to prevent Nuisances and other Offences within the said City and Liberty: And that Sir John Philipps, Lieutenant General C ornivallis. Sir John Crcfic, Sir William Beauchamp Prollor, and Mr. Cooke, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Accourt of Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Ac-Candle count of the Produce of the Duties upon Candles b)uly* within that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year 1756; distinguishing the Amount of such Duties in each County or District.

Importation . Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Cooper do, upon Wednes of Tallow day Morning next, atiend the Committee of the whole from Ireland.

A. 175s.

House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of several Tallow Chandlers and Dealers in Candles, Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and all the other Tallow Chandlers and Dealers in Candles within this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Shelley do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Clement do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Solomon Summon do attend the said Committee at the same time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Way* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Meant* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 70 die Februarii;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Samuel IJcnjd, of Bridgnorth, in Avon River the County of Salop, and the rest of the Persons Navigation, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Barges and Vessels navigated upon the River Avon, in the Counties of Warzvick, Worcester, and Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; reciting, That by the Act for the better regulating the Navigation of the said River Avon, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriages upon the said River, a Duty of is. 6d. is laid upon every loaded Barge navigating up or down the said River, over and above all other Duties, for re-imbursing all Parties their reasonable Expences, incurred on Account of passing the said Act, until the whole of such Expences should be paid; and alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, that as much or more Money has been raffed and received by or from the said Duty of is. 6d. than is sufficient to pay the Expence incurred in passing the fame; but that the Petitioners have great Reason to believe, that such Money has not been accounted for and paid according to the Directions of the said Act: And therefore praying, That the House will order the said Duty to be accounted for, and applied towards paying the said Expences; and, if it shall appear that a sufficient Sum hath been raised for that Purpose, that the said Duty may cease; or to give the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Bur- Ditto, geffes, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough ot Evesham, in the County of Worcester, as well on behalf of themselves as others, the Inhabitants and Traders of t lie Did Borough, was also presented to the Floufe, arid read; containing the same Allegations afc are mentioned in the preceding Petition: And praying the House to take the Premises into Considerat.ion, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred toSuJohn ilujhout, M wFonereau,

Mr. Wefi, Mr. Holmes, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Proufe,

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Sandys. Sir Cecil Bijhcp, Mr. Hanger,

Lord Dupplin, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Keck, Mr.

Gibbons, Mr. jFane, Sir John Cud, Mr. Smith, Colonel

Lee,

6*- — 70 Februarii.

Clifford's 1*3 at.

Ureter

Poor.

Accourt of Crude import, d,

31 Geo. Ifi 70 Februarii. 65

Lee, Mr. Bqfe Fuller, Mr*. Cocks, Mr. Archer, Mr. Cwv, Mr. Fane, Lord Venicyj, Mr. Hezveft, Mr. Chari* Ion, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gorges, Mr. More, Lord Eg-?nont, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mackworthy Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Medlyco/t, Sir 70/m Gordon, Mr. R/c?, Sir Wynney Mr. Probyn, Mr. Henry Fane; and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Warwick, Gloucester, and: And they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Fonereaii reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalising George Clifford was Commit led, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him tp report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingroiled.

A Petition of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Assist-ants, and Guardians of the Poor of the City and County of Exq??, under the Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; reciting several Parts of an Act, passed in the eph and 10th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for erecting Hospifcalsand Workhouses within the City and Count v of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and also reciting several Instances, wherein the said Act has proved ineffectual; and alleging, that, by reason of great Deflciepces which have happened in the Poor’s Rates, by tile great Increase of Poor within the said City and County, and by the great Scarcity and Dearness of Provisions and N eqeflaries of Life, the said Corporation have incurred a Debt of£. 3*000, or thereabouts, which they are unable to pay, and to go on with the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, as directed by the said Act; and that the Creditors of the said Corporation have threatened, and some of them have a£htally brought, Actions for the Recovery of their Debts 5 and unless the same are discharged, wiH forthwith, by taking but Executions, levy on the Goods and Furniture in the said House, and turn the Infant, impotent, disorderly; and tick Poor, now therein, in Number 228, out of the said House, and upon the said City and County, to the great Damage and Annoyance thereof: And therefore praying. That a Bill may be brought in, enabling the Petitioners to raile Money for Payment and Discharge of the said Debt, aRd for the altering, explaining, and amending, the said Act, as to the House liiall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Walter, Sir Bichard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Smithy Mr. Cartxvrighl, Mr. Affleck, Sir Francis Drake, Mr Ridley, Lord Egmont, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Vyner, Mr. FeUjives, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. More, Sir C ha hies Mor daunt, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bqfe Fuller, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Symonds, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Amcolts, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fonereaii, Mr. Drake, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Francis Dash-wood, Mr. Tuwnjhend, Mr Lewis, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Lajc dies, Miv Wilkes, Mr. Cocks; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, So-merftt, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power, to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Cattle that have been imported into this Kingdom from the Isle of Man, from Michaelmas 1747 to Michaelmas 1757; distinguishingeach Year.

Vol. 23.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor* Rector^ and Skirpenbeck Owners and Proprietors of the Lands* Tythes, Tene- i"< sure* ments, and Rights of Common, of and . in the Manor and Towuiliip of Skirpenbeck, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth*

That, in the said Manor arid Township, there ace several open Field, Meadows, Grounds; and common Pastures,-containing, together, Ninety-oneOxgangs and an Half of uninclosed Lands, or thereabouts, and Seven Ox-gangs and an Half of Land more in Quantity, which is not common!v known by the Name of Oxgang Land; and alleging, that the fame, if divided and in~ closed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Parties interested therein, would be very useful and convenient; and that the Petitioners, and the Parties concerned, have accordingly agreed to a Division thereof andtoa Compensation to be made to the said Rector, and his Successors, in lieu of the Tythes, Easter Offerings, and all otlu r ecclesiastical Dues whatsoever (Mortuaries and Surplice Fees excepted) arising and payable, or to be paid, out of or within the said Manor and Township: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting certain Fields, Meadow Grounds, and common Pastures, in the Manor and Township of Skirpenbeck, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cholmlei;, Mr. Whichcot, and Mr. Hewett, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Marine Forces while on Shore, \tfas read a Second Time. Fo'c#>.8

Ref deed, That the Bill be committed. Regulation.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Assize to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of upon the Bill for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a feleci Committee:

Ancl a Committee was appointed of Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Rnjhout, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Bankes, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lyfier,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Fellowes, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Nugent, Sir Francis Dqfhwood, Mr. Smith, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Barrow, Mr.

George Onfioto, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Poore, Sir James Creed, Mr. Probyn, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Crafier, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Scott, Mr.

Cholmley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. West, Mr. Fane, Sir John Turner, Mr. Amcolts, Lord Parker, Mr. Potter, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord Strange, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Belchier, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Carps for I, Mr. Robert More, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Morton,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Hammond, Mr. George Grenville, Mr.

Symonds, Sir Thomas Robinson, Sir Matthew Lambe, Sir John Crosse: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

The Order of the Day being rea$, for calling over Call of cht the Names of such Members as, upon this Day Fort House night,made Default to appear;

The Lift of such Members was called over; and several of them appeared; and the rest of the Defaulters (except John Frederick Esquire, George Treby Esquire, the S honourable

Wentworth’#

Divorce,

Sornerftata)

J.C

Diuiriige.

66 79 — 8° Feb A. 1758.

honourable Benjumhi Bathurst Esquire, Benjdmin Bathurst Esquire, James Muir Campbell Esqui\'e, George Mac hay Esquire) were excused, on account of their own lliness, or the lJlnets or Death of their near Relations, or as not being inTown, or on the Koad toTown, 'eras being likely to be soon inTown, or as being abroad, or in the public Service, or absent upon other extraordinary Avocations, or with the Leave of the House. The Name of John Frederick Esquire being called 'over, and he not being excused;

Ordered, That John Frederick Esquire do attend the Service of (his House upon this Day Sevennight.

The Name o[George Trcby Esquire being called over, and he not being excused;

Ordered, That George Treby Esquire do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight.

The Name of the honourable Benjamin Bathurst Ef-. quire being called over, and he not being excused;

Ordered, That the honourable Benjamin Bathurst Esquire do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight.

'i he Name of Benjamin Bathurst Esquire being called over, and he not being excused;

Ordered, That Benjamin Bathurst Esquire do attend the Service of t his House upon this Day Fortnight.

The Name of James Muir Campbell Esquire being called over, and lie not being excused;

Ordered, That James Muir Campbell Esquire do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Three Weeks.

'Hie Name of George Mackay Esquire being called over, and he not being excused;

Ordered, That George Matkay Esquire do attend the Service of thia, House upon this Day Month.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the tvhole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to difl’olve the Marriage of Godfrey Wentworth Esquire with Dorothea Pilkington, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Care reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared against the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.4

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° die Februarii;

Anno 310 Georgii IIlli Regis, 1758.

Thayer s.

A PETITION of severalof the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the Parities of Sul ton, Mepalt, Witch am, Chatteris, Dod ding tun, and By a I Fen, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and in the Paiilhes of Some rsham and P id Icy with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and also of several Persons, in be half of themielves, and others, being Owners of certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the said Parishes cf Somersham and Pidley with ifV///0/?, and the Parish of Colne, ini heCounty of II u nti ng don, vv ho fe N a mes are t her< u n 10 subscribed, was presentedtothe House, and read; taking notice of the said Act, and alleging, that several Fen . Lands and low' Grounds, containing 1,400 Acres, or thereabout s,lying intlie said Parishes of Somafh a m, Pidley 18

with Fenton, and' Colne, in the County of Huntingdon, and adjoining to the Landsdescribed in the ftiidA&s,. are subject to be overflowed, and are thereby rendered of final! Value, and cannot beeffedhialiy drained and preserved without the Aid of Parliament; and that the said Lands and Grounds may be conveniently and properly drained and preferred, if the Powers and Provisions contained in the Arid Act were extended to the said Lands and Grounds, with such Additions and Alterations as shall be deemed itecellary and proper: And 1 licrefore praying. That Provision may be made for draining and preferring the fair! Lands and Grounds by the Means aforesaid, or in such other manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do-examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Fellorves, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Toirnjhend, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Waller, Mr. Scott., Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Vyner, Mr. More, Mr. Vanfiltart, Mr. Powell, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Kjnaston, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. T/uhvay, Sir George Yonge, Mr, Pole, Sir John Cup, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lvjtcr, Mr. Bold, Mr. Cart-zcright, Mr. liarbord, Mr. Carzon, Mr. Sturt, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Willey, Mr. Symonds, Mr. De-lav al, Mr. Bacon, Sir George Lee, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Jennings; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, Northampton, Bedford, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and 'have Power to field for Per Ions, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several actin g Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, apd.read; repre* Tenting to the House, That for want.of Ppvver vested in the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sef* lions, to contrail with Personsfor the repairing, amending, and rebuilding, for Terms of Years* at certain annual Payments or Allowances, the County Bridges, before they are in Decay, or are presented, great Inconveniences have arisen to the King’s Subjects travelling in that County, and very large and unnecessary Expellees and Colls have been paid out of the County Rates 5 And therefore praying. That the House will give such Relief in the Premises as they shall think lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Warwick Bampfyldc, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Lyjlerjblr. Ofbaldifon, Lord Strange, Mr. Bold, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wig ley, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wilkin-Jon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. ProicJ'e, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Smith, Sir John Cust, Mr/ Gore, Mr. Fclloxces, Mr. Laivndcs, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Pop ham, Mr. Fane, Mr. Vyner, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Sanclys, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Turner, Mr. Gybbon, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Thurjby, Lord Verney, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. More, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Ilewelt, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Egmont, Mr. Bozves, Lord North, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Whichcot, Sir J William Cod ring ton, Mr. Citrzon, Lord Parker, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Brijlozve, Mr.

Drake, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Nugent, Lord Dozcne, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. La jcedes, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Lade, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Pjr, Sir Ellis Cunliffc; and all the Members who serve for the County of Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

A Petition

Devon

County

Bridges.

3 i Geo. II.

86 Februa

6j

Colchcder 0) ft;.* FitUr.

A Petition of the resident Burgeffesandlnhabitants of the ancient Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, in behalf of themselves, and the reil of the Burgesses there, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Town of Colchester is a Borough by Prescription: That King Richard the Firil, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the Sixth Day of December, in the First Year of his Reign, did, amongst other Tilings, grant to the BurgelTes of the faicl Borough, Liberty to chafe Bail ids from amongst them (elves,whom they would; and > hat they should have their Fisherv from North Bridge to /rc//wf/fv,wliosoeverfhpuld possess theadjoiningLands: That, before that Charter, they Ik Id and enjoyed many ancient Privileges, Immunities, and Lands, ol great Value; and alleging, that the mid BurgeHVs have ever since, by whatsoever Name they have been incorporated, held and enjoyed the said Fishery, within which there is a Place called Colne Water, wherein the native Colchester Oy tiers breed; and that in or about the Yean 741, by Negligence in purfuingthc Letter of their Charter, their Magistrates tycre illegally elected, and ousted of their O dices by Judg-mentsupon Informations, in the nature o{'QuoWarranto, from which time they became, and itiil are, an ina^ive Body; and that Strangers and Foreigners to the said Borough, having taken Advantage of the Diflblution of t he governing Part of their Body, have broke in upon their said Filbery in ColneWater, and the Creeks belonging to the said Fishery, and Allied there for Oysters at unfea-ibnable Times, and taken away and destroyed many Thousand Bmliels of underfixed Oysters, and destroyed the Cullh and young Spat call thereupon; so that, lin-Jess some Metliod is taken to put a Stop 1 hereto (which is not in the Power of the Petitioners to do, as they have not now any Corporate Body to prescribe under) that Valuable Branch of the Oyster Fishery for Colchester Oy f-ters will be totally destroyed: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave for the bringing in a Bill for the Preservation, regulating, well ordering, governing, and improving, the Oyster Fishery of the said Jhm* Colne, belonging to the late Mayor and Commonalty of Colchester, in the Count y of Essex, under the Authority ol' the Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing in the said Town of Colchester, and the Liberties thereof, and within the Colchester Division for the said County of FJfeXi or to grant inch other Relief to the Petitioners (with a Saving Cl anse of his Majesty’s Prero-gai ive Rights) for the Preservation of so valuables Branch of the Fishery, as to the House Avail seem meet.

Ordered, That the fail Petition be referred to the Confide: ation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. lie bozo, Lord Strange, Mr. Bwes, Sir John Philipps, Mr.. Lazcndes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. More> M wCart wright, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Kyiwjion, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Crajier, Sir Walter Flee Lett, Mr. Fuller , Sir Cor del Firebrace, M r. Fellowes, Sir Francis PGole, Mr. Proicje, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Wit-diiijhn, Mr. Pole, Mr. Synwnds, Sir Conyers D Any y Mr. Sandys, Mr, Alderman Baker, NIt.George Onslow, Lord Middleton, Mr. Popluvm, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Vyner, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Trjt, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

1 himrrpnd, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Ihdter, Mr. Myddlcton, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bacon, .\Ir. Jennings, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Medlycolt, Lord Fenicy, Mr. Smith, Si r John Barrington, M r. Fane, Lord igmontfSlv* Delaval, Mr. Gybbon, M r. Colebrooke, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Powell, Sir William Morgan. I\ir. Lijtcr, Mr. Finch, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Drake, Mr.

CrrZ’jn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Fffex, Middlesex, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are io meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud fun Persons, Papers, and Records.

Gentlemen, and Freeholders,* of the 'County of North-umberland, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Lands in the said County are generally Freehold, which may be so feoretly transferred or conveyed from one Person to another, and incumbered, that ill diipoled Persons have it in their Power to commit Frauds, and frequently do so; by means whereof many Persons have fullered in their Purchasesaird Mortgages, by prior and secret Conveyances, and fraudulent In-cumhrances, and whole Families thereby utterly ruined And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for registering all Deeds and Incumbrances upon real Estates in the said County, in f’uch manner as the House shall judge moll proper to prevent fuel] Inconveniences for the future.

Ordered, That Leave Iv given to bring in a Bill, prur-fuantto the Prayer of the said Petition: And that SWHenry Grey, M r. George Delaval, M r. Ridley, Mr. Bowes, and Sir Thomas Clavering, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, Nemiite contra die ente. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the public Registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall he made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within that Part ol Great Britain called England, wherein public Registers are not already appointed by Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange, the Lord Dupplin, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Bowes, and Mr. Dicker, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Registering of Deeds,

Gevdoa In dofure.

m

iVih.-mber-

laml.

A Petition of the II»^h Sheriff, Justices of the Peace Vcl. 28.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor, and of the Patron and Vicar, of Bishops Itchington, in the County of Warwick, and of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, in the open and common Fields of Gey don, in the Pari fh of Bishops Itchington aforesaid, who He Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are possessed of several Freehold FftateS or Properties in the said Fields, which lie intermixed and difperied in small Parcels over the whole Fields; by reason whereof, great Inconveniences arise; and alleging, that the said Fields are very proper to be inclosed:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said open and common Fields of Geydon aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right and Property in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cartwright, and Mr. Craven,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Calmer and Manufacturers, residing in and near the Parish of Navigation. Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Application for Leave to bring in a Bill to render navigable the River Colder, from below Wakefield Bridge, in the County of York, to a Place called Brookfmouth, or some other Place near Halifax, in the said County of York; and representing to the House, that the said Navigation would be of greater Advantage, in case the same was extended higher up the said River Calder, to a Place called Soxoerby Bridge, in the said County, which lies in the great Turnpike Road that forms the Communication between the Eastern and Western Part of this Istand:

And therefore praying. That in case the said Bill, for making navigable the said River Calder, should pass into a Law, stich Provision may be therein made, for extending the said Navigation up to Sozverby Bridge aforesaid, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition bereferred to the Con-ftderaiion of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and others. Inhabitants of the Town and Parilli of Halifax, in tho-West Riding of the County of York, and the Parts adjacent, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, is referred;

And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition;

and

6% , 8* Febriiari^#.1758*

and report ferns, A? it flialtappear to them* to the House.

Sheffield The Lord George Cavendish reported from the Com-Ecclesill to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Mer-

Roads. chants, Freeholders, Farmers, and others, living inor near

the several Towns and Villages of Sheffield, in the County of York, Ha'herfoge, Hope, CaJHeton, Chappellen le Frith, Bakeivell, Tidfwdl, Eyam, and Great Hucklow, in the County of Derby, Stockport, in the County of Chester, and Manchester, in the County of Lancujltr, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed Inm to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it *11 at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Jfri Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

William Bags haw Esquire. being examined, said. That the Road from the Guide Pofi to Sparrow Pit Gate is in a verty narrow and ruinous Condition, and that the said Road cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Road from Sheffield to Grindteforth Bridge, over Tidfivell Moor to Buxton, is in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Another Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, over the High Moors, to Hather-/age, and over Mytham Bridge to Sparrow Pit Gate, in the County of Dei'by; and from the Guide Post at or near Barber Fields Cupola, over the High Moors and Grindlcforth Bridge, and over Tidfwell Moor, to Buxton, in the County of Derby: And that the Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Hewe it, Mr. Curzon, and the Lord Dawne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tiverton Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, to whom Ro«ds. the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, capital Burgesses, and Assistants, of the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, redding in and near the said Town and Parish, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-reCied him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table; where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Heard, being examined, said. That he had surveyed the several Roads dclcribed in the said Petition, and that they are m a very ruinous and rocky Condition; and that some Parts of the said Roads are so extremely narrow, that Two Horses loaded cannot pass each other without great Difficulty and Danger; and that the Laws in being are insufficient effectually to repair and widen ibe lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending several Roads leading from the Town of 77-yerton, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Ryder, Mr. Henry Pelham, and Sir Richard Warwick Bamp-Jylde, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Manchester APetition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the School ‘Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

Mills. Was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,'That, for 200 Years last past, certain Water Corn Mills within the said Town of Manchester have been settled upon Persons of-Honour and Quality, living near the said Town, as Feoffees in Trust, for maintaining, out of the Profits thereby arising, a free Grammar School within the said Town, and a Schoolmaster and Ulherfor the said School, and for other charitable Purposes; and that the said 17

Mills, at the Time of their being so first settled, and for a considerable Time afterwards; were, it is presumed, capable of grinding all the Cdrn and Grafin used arid con-filmed by the Inlwibitants of the said To wn-, and that the said Mills were originally only three in Number, and are in very bad Repair, and utterly incapable of supplying the Consumption of the said Town since the great Increase of the Inhabitants thereof, by the very extraordinary Extension of their Trade arid Manufactures; and that the Feoffees, soon after the making of the said Grant, claimed a Right, founded, as they pretended, on immemorial Custom,togrind, at the said Mills, all the Corn and Grain which should beconfumedby the Inhabitants of the said Town; and Decrees in the Dutchy Court of Lancaster were obtained in the Reigns of Queen Elizabeth, King James the First, and Queen Anne, whereby the said Right was either in the Whole, or in Part, confirmed; and a Bill has been lately filed in the said Court, against several Persons, for using Flour, in the said Town, which was not ground at the said Mills, and the Cause is now depending in the said Court; and that by means of the said Suits, and other Proceedings in the said Court, to enforce the Observance of the said Decrees, very considerable Sums of Money have been expended by the Parties, to the great Loss of the said Charity, and Prejudice to the Persons against whom such Suitsand Proceedings were instituted; and representing to the House, that the Petitioners intend not, by this Application, to interfere with, or anyways interrupt, the Proceedings in the said Cause, or to prevent or avoid any Decrees thereupon between the Parties concerned, the Petitioners only desiring that the Inhabitants of the said Town may not for the future be subject to any Right, or. Claim of Right, tending to a Monopoly, which will lay the Inhabitants under great Hardships and Difficulties in procuring Meal, Flour, and Bread, and consequently prejudice, if not destroy, the Trade and Manufactures there; and that the Petitioners, with many others. Inhabitants of the said Town, being sensible of the great Utility of the said School, are desirous to make ample Provision; by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet, for supplying any Deficiency which may arise to the said Charity, by taking away all Claim to such exclusive Right aforesaid: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief as, upon Examination, shall appear just and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bold, Mr. Wilkes, Lord Strange, Mr. Thynne, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Pole, Sir John Armitage, Mr. Fellotves, S\r Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fid- -er, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Charlton, Mi". Hardinge, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bankes,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Ridley, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr.

Nugent, Sir Cordcl Firebrace, Mr. Smith, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Bowes, Sir George Lee, Mr. Martin, Sir John Cufi,

Mr. Hammond, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Butler, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Tozvn/hend, Mr. Elliot, Mr.

Moore, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Mar ton, Mr. Wigley, Mr.

Trijl, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Lock-yer, Mr. Pitt, Colonel Brudcnell, Mr. Band, Mr.

George Onfoiv, Mr. Hubbard, Sir William Meredith,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Vanjti-tart, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Vyner junior, Sir John Gordon-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancafkr, Wefimoriand, Cumberland, Northumberland, Durham, York, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City York of York, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. Streets.

That

Importation of Tallow from Ireland.

Bakewell

to

Workfopp

Road.

31 Geo. It. 8° Februa 6a

That it would be of great Convenience to have the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, of the said City and Suburbs, well and regularly lighted, paved, cleansed, and kept in Repair, and free from Annoyance, and a sufficient Night Watch kept in the said City and Suburbs, and a Regulation of the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Draymen, plying or working for Hire within the said City and Suburbs; and tooblige all Owners of Houses, and other Buildings, within the said City and Suburbs, to bring the Water, falling on the Roofsof their Hotrfes, and other Buildings, by proper Pipes, down to the Bottom of the Walls of such Houfts and Buildings, into the Streets; and for obliging Persons leading lJricks, Tiles, or Stones, into or through any Part of the said City, or Suburbs thereof, and all other Persons plying fori lire with any Sort of Carriages, within the said City and Suhinhs, to have the Fellies of the Wheels of fuel) Carriages of a sufficient Breadth; which nevertheless cannot he effected without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or such of those Purposes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ilia.Il appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Armitage, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Nugent, Mr. IIexcelt. Sir John Cujl, Mr. WilkinJ'on, Lord Viliters, Mr. Vjner, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Feiloives, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gybhon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr Curzon, Mr. George Onftozv, \lr. Symonds, Sir George Montgomerie Metham, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lvjler, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Tozcn/hcnd, Mr. More, Mr. Grafter, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Carfwriglit, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Vernon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Fellowship, of the incorporated Society of Chandlers and Soap-makers, within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That great Quantities of Candles and hard Soap were formerly made in that City, and exported to the West. Judies; but that, for some Years past, such Export Trade has been in great measure loft, occasioned, as the Petitioners apprehend, by the great Quantities of those Commodities that are constantly sent from Ireland, notwithstanding the Laws prohibiting the fame; and that, by the Loss of such Export Trade, his Majesty’s Revenue in the Duty on Salt is greatly diminished, and that the Price of British Tallow has, for some Years pad, been raised very high; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend the Importation of Irish Tallow Duty- free will be the only effectual Means of preventing these Evils, which are daily increasing: And therefore praying the House to take the Preniifes into Consideration, and to afford the Petitioners such Relief as, on mature Deliberation, shall appear to be reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to confvler of the Petition of several Tallow Chandlers, and Dealers in Candles, Inhabitants of the Cities of Londonmid Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all the other Tallow Chandlers, and Dealers in Candles, within this Kingdom.

The Lord George Gavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an A$v p«fied-in the 12th Year of his pre-Vol. z8.

sent Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads from Bakewell to Chesterfield, in the County of Derby; and from Chejterjidd to Workfopp, in the County of Not* tingham; and from Chesterfield to a Place where the Northern Roads meet the Chesterfield Road which leads td Mansfield, in the said County of Nottingham; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the tdoufe; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

1o prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was read; whereby several Tolls and Powers were granted for repairing the said Roads: And,

Mr. William Johrjon, Surveyor of the said Roads, said, That some Progress has been made in repairing the said Roads, and that Six Miles thereof are now in tole* rable'good Repair; but that the rest is very ruinous, and cannot be repaired, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be further enlarged and continued.

And he produced to your Committee an Account of the Produce of the Tolls for the Year 175*; wtv reby it appears, that the gross Produce for that Year amount* ed to no more than ,£.333. 9 d.; and Mr. Johnfoti

said, that this exceeds the Produce of any preceding Year near £. 100. which he imputes to the Roa& being in better Repair.

Healfo produced an Account, which he saw taken from the Treasurer’s Books, by which it appears, that £. 5,225. is now owing on the Credit of the said Tolls.

Mr. John Goode said, He is well acquainted With the said Roads: That some Part thereof has been repaired, but that the greatest Part still remains in a very ruinous Condition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge \ he Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads f;om Bafce-well to Chesterfield, in the County of Derby; and from Chesterfield to Workjbpp, in the County of Nottingham $ and from Chesterfield to the Place where the Northern Road meets the Chesterfield Road, which leads to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham: And that the Lord George Cavendish, Mr* Heivett, Mr. Curzon, and the Lord Robert Sutton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for ascertaining and collecting the Poor’s Rates, and for better regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hammond, Mr. West, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Philipns, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Crafter, Mr. More, Lord Du polio, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Tudzoay, Mr. IVilk inf on, Mr. Popham, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vyne'r, Mr. Bacon, Lord Middleton, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gore, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Martin, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Olmius, Mr, Belchier, Sir Janies Creed, Mr. Budgen, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Fane, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lezois, Mr. Smith, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Walter, Mr. Boone, Mr. Moore, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Bathurjt, Mr. Hezoett; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Sussex j and for the Cit y of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all the Papers laid before this House, in the last Session of Parliament, by the Committee erf the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, relating to the Forts and Settlements on that Coast, and to the Expenditure of the Money voted by Parliament for the Support thereof, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the said Pa-T pers 5

St. Mary Magcakn Bcrmocdley Poor.

African Forts and Settlement!*

/ 7°

pers; and Hate the Matters therein contained,together with their Observations thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Air. Vyner, Mr. Gybbov, Mr. Elliott, Sir Jo/z/z Philipps, Mr. Fellowes, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Ciiancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Pefc, Mr. Smithy Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. junior. Lord Slrangey Mr. Barry, Sir £7/z> Cunliffe, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Proofe, Mr. Champion, Sir William Calvert, Mr. £//z>. Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Coventry, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Air. Bacon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Pcivcll, Lord Egmonl, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Francis Pooley Air. Charles Townshend, Sir 7zj/z;z C«/?, Mr. Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Pztt, Mr. Dela-val, Mr. Vunfit tart, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Medlyc&tt, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bat/iur/l, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Pelham, Sir William Owen, Mr. Affleck, Mr.

Charlton, Air, Gafin), Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Foley, Sir 7o/*7z Mdefivorth, Mr. Tr>ft, Mr. Muir, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Verney, Mr. Moly-neux. Lord North, Mr. Lee, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Ridley; and all the Alcrchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Papers laid before this House, in the said Session, by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, relating to the Forts and Settlements in Africa, in consequence of an Address from this House, presented to his Majesty, be referred to the Confaleration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the said Papers; andftate the Matters therein contained, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Report, Survey, and several Drawings, relating to the British Forts on the Coast of Africa, laid before this House, in the last Session, by Jujtly Watson Esquire, One of the Directors of the Engineers, pursuant to an Address presented to his Majesty the l2d April 1755, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the said Papers; andftate the Matters therein contained, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That, the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa do lay before this House any Letters or Advices they may nave received of any . Repairs that have been done by their Officers to the British Forts upon the Coast of Africa, since jujtly Watson Esquire took a Survey of them.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously plealed to give Directions to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Reports transmitted to them by the Captains of the Ships of War stationed on the Coast of Africa, giving an Account of the State and Condition of the British Forts and Settlements there, from the ill January 1757 to the ill January 1758.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa in the Year 1749, as reported by Captain Pyc to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of what has been expended by the Office of Ordnance, upon account of the Fort of Annamaho since the said Fort was put under their Direction.

A. 1758.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Land Tax resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, upon um*nUIioa,:is-the Bill forappointingCominilfionersfor putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for granting an Aid to his. Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1758; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be assessed upon Somerset House in the Strand;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Taid Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to r^portarioa resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coulider of the Petition of several Tallow Chandlers, and Dealers in Candles, Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all the other Tallow Chandlers, and Dealers in Candles, within this Kingdom

Ordered, That the said Order be pollponed.

The other Orders of the Day being rea l;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coulider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Wcans* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The poftponeu Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of t ho Importation whole House, to consider of the Petition of several Tal- Tallov low Chandlers, and Dealers in Candles, Inhabitants of r0al ircau the Cities of London and Westminster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all the other Tallow Chandlers, and Dealers in Candles, within this Kingdom.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Jarrit Smith took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee,

That they had examined several Wiinelles, and had made some Progress in the Alatters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TuefdayNLoui-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of several Tallow Chandlers, and Dealers in Candles, Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all the other Tallow Chandlers, and Dealers in Candles, within this Kingdom; and of the other Matters referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis> 90 die Februani;

Anno 31* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whoseNames Stratford

are thereunto subscribed, beingTrustees appointed to

by, or in pursuance of, Four several Acts of Parliament, Dunchurch made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty ^oad-Queen Anne, the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Tenth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, respectively, for repairing the Highways from OldStrafurd, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, ini he County of Warwick; and likevvifeof the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, livingneanhe laid Highways, wkofe Names are thereunto also subscribed; w as

presented

8° — 90 ebruarii.

Preftcn Pan/ T uc Pcnies Scols.

31 Geo. II. 9° Februarii. 71

presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the without a Continuation of the Term already granted Trusteesf >r repairing the said Road, for the Time being, for collecting the fame: And therefore praying, That have borrowed, upon the Credit of the said Acts respec- Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for adding to the lively, several Sums of Money; and that there now re- current Term, a Continuation of the said Grant, for mains due, on the said Security, the principal Suni of completing and executing the Purposes thereof; or that £.4,000.; and that although the Money so borrowed, to- the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved in the Pre-gether with the 'Tolls granted by the said Acts, have mises as to the House shall seem meet, been duly applied, pursuant to the Directions, and for the Purposes, in the several Acts mentioned, yet several Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Parts of the said Road remain in a ruinous Condition, Consideration of a CoramitUe: And that they do exa* ,

and, unless some Provision be speedily made, the same mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it /bail will become impafiable: And therefore praying. That appear to them, to the House:

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the And it is referred to Sir John Gordon, Mr. Jones, Mr.

Terms and Powers granted by the said former Acts; CocJcs, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. More, Mr. and also to enable the said Trustees to creel One other Veitch, Mr. Pole, Sir Hugh Dalnmple, Mr. Kynaston,

Turnpike on any convenient Part of the said Road, and Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Smith, to take, at such Turnpike, the same Tolls and Duties as Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Timroton, Sir are payable at each of the other Turnpikes already Francis Poole, Mr A Court, Mr. Ga/liry, Mr, Medly-erected on the said Road; and for the making the said colt, Mr. Wilkiufon, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Harvey, Mr. former Acts more effectual for completing the Repairs Gibbons, Mr. Townshend, Mr. OJbaldiston, Mr. Pitt, of the said Roads, and for keeping the same in Repair, Lord Dozone, Mr. Fairfax, Sir James Creed, Mr. Pow-by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem elf, General Cornwallis, Mr. Sandys, Sir George Yonge, requifiteand expedient. Mr. Trft, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Gore, Mr. Curzon,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Mr. Westfaling; and all the Members who serve for Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and shall appear to them, to the House: have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And it is referred to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Thursby, Sir Edmund Ijha.n, Mr. A Petition of Mary Lucas, Widow, Lady of the Ma- Edithwcfton Proxvfe, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Pro- nor of Edithrveston, in the County of Rutland, and Pa- Incldure. byn, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. More, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Brude- troness of the Parish and Pa ifli Church of Edithwefion nell. Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Barrow, Sir aforesaid, Richard Lucas Clerk, Rector^of the said Pa-Wit'oughby Aston, Mr. Sandy s. Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. rish and Pa. ilh Church, an 1 of Sir John Heathcote Ba-Fellowes, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Gyb- ronet, and several other Persons, whose Names are there-hcr9 Mr. Berkeley, Sir Richard Warwick Bum of, Lie, Mr. unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietois ofdivers Falter, Sir John Rt/hout, Mr. Ameotts, Ssr Charles Mor- Parcels of Land of and in the open common Fields and daunt, Mr. Affleck, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fairfax. Sir common Grounds lying and being within the said Parish Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Townshend, Mr. George Onslow, of Edithwejton, was p efented to the House, and read;

Mr. Pole, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Budge, Sir Armine Wode- reciting, Articles of Agreement, entered into by the Pe-house, Mr. ZV//, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lewis, titioners, for dividing and inclosing the said open and Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Symmonds, Mr. Cur- common Fields; and a’Lging, that although the carry-con, Mr.' 77$?, Mr, Lifter, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Vaughan, ing the said Articles into Execution will he ofgreat Ad- Mr. Campbell, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Grenville, Sir vantage to the Parties concerned, yet the same cannot Thomas Hales, Lord Donnie; and all the Members who be effectually established without the Aid of Parliament: lervcfor the Counties of Northampton, Bucks, Warwick, And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Stafford, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Af- bring in a Bdl for confirming and establdhing the said ternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Articles, and the several Allotments and Divisions to be and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records’ made, for the Use of the respective Parties concerned in

- the Premises, in such Manner, and for such Purposes,

A Petition of the Trustees appointed by an Act of Par- as to the I louse shall seem meet.

liament, of the 26th of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Adlfor kiyingaDutyof Two Peities.SVe/^oraSixth Part suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. of aPeny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer George Brudendl and Mr. Thorolon do prepaie, and which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or bring in, the fame.

fold, within the Town and Pnrish o(Prwfton Pans, in the A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Upper Bod- aldington

Shire oiEaJl Lothian,ol\\ev\v\feHaddinglciui, for repairing dingfon and Lower Boddington, within the Pari ill of Up- lndoiure.

theHarbourofthesaidTown, and for other Purposes there- per Boddington, in the County of Northampton, and of

in mentioned, thereunto fu bferi bing, was prefen ted to the the Patron, Rector, and Incumbent, of the same Pa-

House,'and read; reciting several Parts of the said Act; rish, and of the Proprietors of Lands and Commons

and alleging, that the Trullees to the said Act have, in in the open and common Fields of Upper Bod ding-

pursuance thereof, purchased and fitted up a Workhouse . ton and Lower Boddington, aforesaid, within the said

for the Poor of the said Town and Parish; and have Pari/li of Upper Boddington, was present^d to ? he House,

made a considerable Progressin cleanfinganddepthening and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are poflTefled

the Harbour of Morriforis Haven, and bailding the Piers of several Estates in the said open and common Fields and

thereof; for which Purposes they have not only applied Heath, which lie dispersed in small Parcels in and over

the Produce of the said Duty, but have also from time to the whole Fields; by means whereof, great Inconveni-

time borrowed divers Sums of Money, amounting, upon enqes do arise; and that the said Fields and Heath are

the 4th Day of July 1757, exclusive of Interest incurred, 'proPer tC) inclosed, and would thereby be of much

to the Sum of One thousand and Fifty Pounds; and that greater Profit to the several Freeholders and Owners of

there are yet further Works necessary for completing the the fame; and that the Petitioners have agreed to settle

Repairs of the said Harbour, without which the Expence a Rate, to be paid in lieu of the Ty thes of certain old In-

already incurred will be in a great measure loft; but that closures within the Parish aforesaid: And therefore pray-

it will be impossible for the said Trustees to finish the ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for in-

fame, and discharge the Debt already contracted upon the clofingand dividing the said open and common Fields

Credit of the said Duties, or to prosecute the other use- and Heath of Upper Boddington and Lower Boddington

ful Purposes intended to be provided for by the said Act, aforesaid, according to every Person’s Right in the fame;

Vot*. 28, and

Helmdon

Inclosure.

Ottringham

Inclosure.

Newton

Inclosure.

i o° Februarii. A. 1758.

and for settling the said Rate or Annual Sum of Money, to be paid in lieu of the Tythes of the said old Inelo-"lures within the Parish aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-'‘fuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cartwright, Sir Charles Mordaunt, and Sir Edmund Isham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lords of the Manor of Helmdon, in the County of Northampton, and of the Patrons and Rector Incumbent of the Parish Church there, and of the Ijevera! Freeholders, and Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Commons, and Estates, in the open and common Fields of Helmdon aforesaid, whose Hands are thereunto futyc ribed, was prefen ted to the House, and read; set-- ting forth, That the Petitioners are possessed of several

Freehold Estates, and other Properties, in the said Fields,

which lie intermixed anddifperled over the whole Fields in fmal! Parcels; by means whereof, great Inconveniences

’ doarife; and alleging,thatincloiing thesaidFieldswouId be of great Advantage to the several Freeholders, and Occupiers of the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields of Helmdon aforesaid, according to each Performs Right in the fame.

Ordered, Thai Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. CartwrightSir Charles Mordaunt, and Sir Edmund Isham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of, in, and to, the Twelve several Open Fields, Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture, Ground, commonly called, known, and distinguished, by the several Name and Names of the East Field, the West Field, the Inlack, the Ings, the Hither Haw, the Far Haw, the Carr, the Clough Field, Dobson Leys, Nezdands, SaltaJi Field, and Little Field, lying and being in Ottring-ham Und Ottringham Marsh, in the Lordship and Parish of Ottringham in Holderness, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto set and subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have entered into Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the said several Fields, Pieces or Parcels of Ground, and Premises aforesaid, for the mutual Convenience and Advantage of the Parties concerned therein: And therefore pray ing, That Leave maybe given tobringinaBiliforconfirmingandestablishing thesaidAr-ticles, and the several All otments and Divisions to be made for the Use of the respective Parties concerned in the Pre-inifes, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ptir-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Duivne and Mr. Thoroton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Bourchier Esquire, William Headley, Richard Burton, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of ' certainTenements within the Township of Nca?fou,in the Manor of Newton cum Benningbrough, in the County of ' York, was presented to the House, and read; set ting

forth, That there is, within the said Township, a Piece of Svafte Ground, called Newton Moor,ox Newton Common,

containing 900 Acres,or thereabouts; and alleging,that the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of severalTe-nements w.ithih the saidTown£hip, and, in respect there-. of, have a Right of Common in or upon the said Moor or Common; but that the Property of the Soil thereof belongs to the said John Bourchier* Esquire, as Lord of the said Manor; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Moor or Common should be inclosed and 'divided aaiongst the Petitioners, and the several other Owners and Proprietors of Tenements, intitled to such Tight of Common as aforesaid, in proportion to their several Shares, lutcrcfis, and Properties, therein, re* *'* 2.0

speQively: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Downe and* Mr. Thoroton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. liu/hleigh, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the County of Southampton, is referred.

A Petition of George A my and and John Anthony Rucker, of London, Merchants, A gents fort lie Embden East India Company, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, in the Month of September la ft, the Prince Ferdinand of Prussia, One of the said Company's Ships, bound from China to Embden, arrived at Plymouth, where Die was obliged to remain till (lie could properly be disposed of; Em!) den being in PoflTession of an Enemy, tho could not proceed to her deftinod Port, nor with Safety into any other in his Prussian MajVfiy’s Dominions; and that the Directors of the said Company* finding their Effects so circumstanced, were desirous of having the said Cargo fold in England; and appointed the Petitioners their Agents for that Purpose, who have contracted for it with the united Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies; but that the said Contract cannot be carried into Execution, nor the necessary Insurancesupon the said Ship and Cargo he made as the Laws now Hand, without the Aid of Parliament, And therefore pray ing the the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in to enable the Petitioners to complete the said Con trad, and to make the requisite Insurances; and that the united Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies may import all or any Part of the said Cargo* under the same Duties and Conditions, in every respect as the same several speeies of Goods, imported by them direfitly from the East Indies, now pay, and are subject to.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. O/zoald, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Samuel Martin, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Ru/hout, Mr. Cole-brooke, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Pole, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Strange, Mr. IFilkes Doctor Hay, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. West, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Craster, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hanger, Sir Hugh Dulrymple, 'SIv.Cornwallis, Sir George Montgomerie Metham, Mr. Bristowe, Mr. Fane, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Popham, Mr. Morton, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pro-byn, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Cooke, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Anson, Sir Francis Dashicood, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fletcher, Lord George Sackville, Mr, Fellowes, General Cornwallis, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Nugent, Mr. West filing, Mr. Towhjhend, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Rice, Mr. Alderman. Dickinson, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Moore, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Jennings, Admiral FrankUmd, Mr. Rvzv-nty, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Powell, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Sym-monds; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, That George Mackay, Esquire, is detained in the Country by Family Affairs of t he greatest Consequence;

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, for the said Mr. Mackay to attend the Service of this House upon that Day Month, be discharged.

Ordered,

Chawton

Pond

Road.

Embden East India Company-enabled to ftll a Ship.

Leave of Ableace.

31 Geo. II. 90 FehruariL

Ordered, That the said Mr. Mockery liaVe Leave to stay in the Country for Six Weeks, upon very-extraordinary Occasions.

Leave of The House being informed, That Raines Muir Vamp-Abfience. bell Esquire i3 at Quarters, having the Command at present of the Regiment of which he is Lieutenant Colonel;

Ordered, That the Order, made upoviTu$lay last, for the said Mr. Campbell to attend the Service of this House upon that Day Three Weeks, bd discharged;

Regulation A Petition of the several Persons tvhofe Names are t,f thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many oa eavtrs. j.jlin(|refj other indnftriouls labouring Men, employed in the unloading of Ships and Vessels bringing Coals ihto the River Thames, commonly called Coalheavers, was presented to the House, dnd read; Complaining of many Hardships, which the Petitioners allege they are subject to, occasioned by a Set of Men, commonly called Under* takers,confilting chiefly of AlehoUfedceepers in and about Wappitig, who haVe artfully inilnuated themselves into thd Favour of the Mailers of Ships employed in the Colliery, under Pretence of saving them the Trouble of agreeing with and paying & Number of Labourers, and, by an unlawful Combination arrtoftgft fhemselves, have presumed to establish a Set of Rules and Orders, dr Bye-laws, for the Support of their assumed Monopoly, rind the Exactions imposed by them upon the Petitioners; and fepre-feuting to the House the Usefulness of an Office; to be Orefted by Authority of Parliament, for providing Labourers in Ibe Cod Trade, under proper Regulations: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ereftirtg end eft&blishirtg&n Office at khe Expence of the Petitioners, and the rest of the Body of Coalheavers, for providing Merchants and Matters of Ships in the Coal Trade with able arid fuffleient La-bourersfor unloading their Ships and Vessels, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as by the House shall be thoughtheceflary and convenient j or that the Petitioner^ may be otherwise relieved as shall seem meet* Orderedi That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee And that they do examine the Matttei1 thereof* and ffepbrt the fame, as it shall appear tb them; tb the House:

‘ Artd it is referred to Mr; Morton, Sir John. Phitipfis, Mr. Charles Townshend, Kft Oswald, Mr. Kynaston, Mr; Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mn Martin, Lord aStrange, Mr. Gdre, Sir Walter Blatketl, Mr. Pole, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Ridley4 Mr. BoweS, Mr. Potter, Sir Heiirp Grey, M r. Fuller, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Cra/ter, Sir Charles Mordattnf^Wlt. Vyner, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. A my and Lord Catysfott, Mr. FellozveJr, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Egerton, Sir Gtarge Yonge, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Huntet\ Mr. Alderman Baker, Doctor Hay, Mr. Bacon, Sir Willoughby A fhitt, Mr. George Onslow, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Hewett, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Sir John Cvft, Mr. 0ngley9 Mr. Sandyi, Mr. Archer, Mr. Fonereau, Sir James Creed, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Fuller, tAr. Pitt, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Brifl toWe, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Popham, Mr. Ham* mond, Mf. Gybbon, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Gray; and all the Members whb serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and hare Power to fend fdr Per- fons, Papers, and Records.

KirMity A Petition of the Provost, Briillies, and Town Cottd-T« o-peny fcil, of the Burgh of Kirkaldy, and George DougaU foot-Scot*. master, and Keeper of the Prime Guild Box, of Kirkaldy4

and David Bervie, John Black, and John Barker> Members of the said Society, Proprietors of the East Mill Lands adjoining to the said Burgh, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That, by an Act passed in the 15th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed Vol* 2I

for Safe, brought irUO, tapped, or fold,wi.thjh tifoTdwii of Kirkaldy, and Lilierties thereof, was. granted for Twenty-five Years, for perfecting and completing the Harbour, of the said Town* and carrying bn other tie* cessary Works within the same; and, alleging, that; in consequbnde of the said Act, the old Fie/ of the fai<

Harbour bas been.extended, and a new Pier added, so as to make a Bason wherein Ships can lie. with thb greatest Safety in all Sort of Weather 5 but that; irg Execution of this and other riecessary Works belonging to the said Tow n, not only the whole Produce bf thd said Duty has been expended; but a large Debt has been incurred, the Principal rind Interest of which can^ not be discharged, and thb said Harboiir kept in Repair; unless the Grant of the said Duty is continued for a further Term of Years; and that a Brewery has lately been erected bn the East Miln Lands of Kirkaldybelonging to the Prime Guild Box within the said Burgh; which Lands adjoin to, but are not within the Liberties of thb feme; whereby great Frauds may be committed; in Prejudice of the said Duty, Unless Provision is made against the same 1 And therefore praying, That Leave may be given tb bring in a Bill for continuing and making more effectual the said Act of the 15th of his present Majesty’s Reign, for such term, and under^ such Regulations; as to the House shall seem meet:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ejtar rpine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to tile Hotife i

And it is referred to Mn Ofivald, Mr; Pvtfer% Mn Amyand, Mr. West, Mr. Gore, Mr. Charlton, Nfr. Fane;

Mn Kynaston, Mr. Lifter, Mr FtUowvs, Sir John Rvjh* bull Mr. Hunter, yMr. Pole, Mr. Crafts Sii; John Phi* lipps, Mr. Protcfe; Sir Edward Turnery Mr. Martini Mr Cartwright, Mr. Butlers Sir George Yonge, Mr. iftnme. Sir Francis Pooler Mi*. Wilkit[son, Mr. !$dndys\

Mr. Hekoett, Mr; Cooke, Lord Strange, Mr. Grenville,

Sir George Lee;, M r. Beckford, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gajkry,

Mr Digbi/i Mr; Sandys, Mr. Term'd) Mi*. Lewis, Mn Vcitch. Mr. frijt, Mr. Vyner\ Mr. MtdlyCott, Mn &yb* bon, Mr.. Forke^ Mr. George Onslow, Mr; Harvtyi Mn More, Mr; Pitt, Mn Delaval j and all the Memberl who serve for North Britain i And they are. to mbet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber t And have Power to fend for Persons,1 Papers* and RebbrdSi

A Petition of the several InnholderS dnd Victuallers id QgiflHlii| the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Fffc:r, w hose Names are thereto fttbscribed, itl behalf bf themselves,

imd other Ihnhdlders and Victuallers in the said Cotin- ....

ty: Artd also, '

A Petition of the several lilnholde^ and Vifttiillefs tiitiU in the Town of Beading, Netvbun/> Spernhnmidndi Maidenhead, and Wokingham, in the CdUnty of Berks.

Whose Name1* are thereutitd fobferibefl, dn bbhalf df themselves, and others, holding Inns arid Victualling Houses in the said Towns; , J/

Were feVdrally presented tb the tlbufe; and fbad; complaining of the Inconveniences and great Ejk-pences, which, the Petitioners allege, they are liable to by thepresentMethbdpfqdartedrigfSbldlerS J and ekpreffifeg the Hope dffhfe Petitiorier^ forthb Aid of the HousetoeafethfePetitidners of theit Burthen arid Gri^vattces, either byprovidingfor the f rodps; in their tafrial Routes*Or residentiary Statiorls, filth proper and.coopnodious Receptacles as may best iiliit the general ChitVenfehcbi pr to be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the raid Petitions were federally ordered ' to He upozi the Tabid::

The House Was tnbVedf Tbtd the Petition bf fevbrtd Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of several Build- Chafifis ings, Holifes, Grotinds, and Estates, situate dn tl^e West Grfafo Side of the Street leading ftotn Charing Ctofs towards his Majesty’s Palace of Whitehall, which was presented V td

74

— 10° Februarii. 1758.

to the Houseupon the 2 2d Day of December lall, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might beagain read: And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confuleration of a Committee: And that they do exa-jrrne the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Bateman, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Potter, Mr. Towijhend, Lord Strange, Mr. QiarlcsToivnfi iiend, Sir Francis Dafhivood, Mr. Butler, Lord Dig by, Mr. Chaises Townshend of Yarmouth, Sir Cor del Fire-brace, Mr. Nor they, Sir John Cuffl, Mr. Grenville, Sir Boger Neivdigate, Mr. Harvey, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bedford, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Drake, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hardinge, Doctor Hay, Mr. Fox, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Cocks, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Morton, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. George On-Jlozo, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fitzroy Scudamore, Mr. More, Admiral Frankland, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fan-fhau\ Sir John Rujhouf, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Philipps, Mr Vflter junior, Mr. Digby, Mr. Henry Finch, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr Wilkes, Mr. Molyneux, Mr.

/ Ward, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Cilrzori, Mr.

Delaval, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Wilkinson: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records* and all who come are to have Voices*

tliffer Mr. Elliot, from the Commissioners for executing

Hospital. tjle Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre* fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of fiqk Seamen that have been sent to the Royal Hospital building at Hasler near Gosport, since the time that any Part of the said Building has been fitted for the Reception of Rich sick Seamen, together with an Account of the Diseases for which the V were respectively sent, and how many of them have been returned cured of such Diseases respectively, how many discharged unserviceable, and how many died. And the said Account Was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other . ' , . Papers, of this Session.:

Eucdtttage- The Order of the t)ay being read, for taking into Con

tr&tee.* '^deration the Report from the Committee of the whole ® Seamen. j]ouse^ to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of Sea* i jnen employed in the Royal Navy* and for establishftlg a tegular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain, 'Payment of their Wages* and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their "Wives and Fapifies 5 and for preventing Frauds vand Abuses attending such Payments; was committed; . Oldened, That the said Report be taken into Gori-fidefation.njpon Motidqy Morning next*

And the Question being put, That, after the Word " Weight," and before the Word " throughout*" the Word " only" be inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, viz. That all Corn and Grain be bought and sold by Weight only, throughout this Kingdom;

The Hbufe divided.

The Noes went forth.

SMr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Potter.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being tebd a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That whenever the several Sorts of Corn or Grain shall have continued to be sold at the London Market, for the Space of Three Weeks, above certain Price* to be fixed* the Ports shall be opened, for a limited Time, for the free Importation of foreign Grain;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the ] at.

Te^heNo }

So it passed in the Negative.

The Third Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Foprth Resolution of the Comm it tee being read a Second tjme; , . 1 . , I

And the Question being put, That the House -doth agree With the Committee in the said Resolution, 1 ha£ whenever the several Sorts of Corn and Grain shall have continued to be sold at the London Market, for the Space of Three Weeks, above certain Prices to be fixed, 119 lowWines or Spirits whatsoever shall.he madea.extranted* or difUHed, within this Kingdom, from any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain;:

It passed in the Negative.

The last Resolution of the Committee, bpfng Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.; . - 41 -

Ordered, That a, Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Third Resolution of the said Committee,-and which 1ij* been agreed to by the House: And that Sir John Phir lijyps, Mr. Potter, and NLv.WeJl, do prepare, and bring in, the fame., . .:

And then the House ad jpunned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clopk. . , r

Verteris, lo° die F

"the other Order of the Day being read j High Prise The Itoufe resumed the further Copsideration of the of Grain, Jrom ttie Committee of the whole. House, to

"whom it was referred to cjsnfider further of _the present highJPrice of Gi^M^teas,jFloiyr, Br^ad, Biscuit, arul.Starch. , . j 0_;v y

And, the First Resolution of the jCJommittee,being 'read'a SecondTimo^ », i Seygral Amjend m^i^ Were pr^ppfeyl to be made there-to/by leaving ouftlieWords " onp and the fame,’’ and by inserting, after the Word "Weight/’ and before the i :3^cdTb'hrc>ugh6utU’')the>Wbrd "only:" I-

.-L ApA the Question' being put, ‘Tlitt th&Witois ".one tlmfamc," the saidlRefolution)

r.bIirpaffedinythe Ndgtttwt.T . i <

ji'.tkWC. <icvr i,-:.

.1

: v

V

Anno*91* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1758^ '

Pti A Y ERS* ‘ 1 ' * ’ r- -

qRDERED, That Sir Walter Blackeii be addedlo, the Gentlemen who are appointed t$ prepare, aryl bring in, a Bill, pursuant. to the Prayer of the Petition of (he High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Gentjemeh,* and Freeholders,' of the County of Northumberland.

..... — iv* vii xvi 111

the County of Ycn k, and of the Freeholders,land olh^r Persons, whose Names are thereunto fitbfcished,

Lands and Right of Commoti in and on the open; Fielids and commonable Land of and in the said Lordfh ip of Brampton, was presented to the House, audVead; Tet-

.0 bi-.: - 1 -tiw

Re^iftering Deeds in NortUiimbeti

Brompton I u cloture.

Quartering ot Soldiers on

Innkeepers*

Vefibtuy*

Sec.

Rotds.

31 Geo. II. ip? Fthtuo74

tiner forth. That if the said open Fields and commonable Land, containing together 4,460 Acres, or thereabouts, were divided and ipclosed, they would be very useful and convenient; but that the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be, given to bring in a Bill for div iding and inclosing the open Fields and commonable. Land aforesaid, according to each Per foil’s Right in the fame.

The lord Dupplinr by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the Hoitfe, That his Majesty* having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to brttig in a BUI. pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilkinson and Mr. Thoroton do prepare, and bring in* the fame.

A Petition of the several Innholders and Victuallers in the several Counties of Surrey, Kent, Sussex, and Essex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Innholders and Victuallers in this Kingdom, was presented to the House* and read; complaining of many Hardships and In convent ences which, the Petitioners allege, they labour under, from the great Number of Soldiers and Horses that are always quartered upon them: And therefore praying, That the House will take the deplorable same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and grant them fiieh Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders* and other principal Inhabitants, of the Towns of WejU bury and Market Lavington, in the County oHViltsi and Places adjacent, and also of the Aldermen and commott Burgesses of the Borough of Westbury aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Petting forth, That the Road leading from Pengate, in the saidParifliof Wefiburyr to and through the Town and Borough of Westbuiy, and through the several Parishes or Hamlets of Bratton, Edinglon, Tinhead, Earle Stoke, Little Cheverel, Littleton, and lo and throitgK the T0W11 of Market Lavington, and the ' several other Parishes or Hamlets of Easterton, Urjhfont, Cannock, Chtringtm, otherwise Chur ton, and Harden, to a Publifc House called the Seven Stars, at or near Bottle/* ford, in the Parish of Manningford Bohune, in the said County;and also the Road leading from Chcrington, other-wile Churton, aforesaid^to aPublic’House called the Antelope, in Uphavch in the said County; and also the Road leading from Market Lavingtdn Down, adjoining to Salisbury Plain, down M arket Lavington Hi 11,to and through YlieTown ot Market Lavington, to the Turnpike Road near Deweys Water, in the Road leading from West La-Kington to Devizes; and also the Road leading from

Bolcfborough oh the Plain, leading from Salijbu)ry, down Wefibury Hill, to and through the Town and Borough of Westhury, and to and through a Field called AUmarJh,by Yarnbrook. to Studley Land End, adjoining to the Turnpike Road leading from ProzcbridgC, in the said County, to Beckington, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road leading from Yarnbrook aforesaid, Up West A/h/oit Hill, to and through Semingfon, to the Turnpike.Road at Melksham, in tile said County of Wilts; are become exceeding deep and rhiuous, and are in many Parts too narrow; and that other Parts of the said Roads are oftert so much overflowed, as to be rendered impaflahie; and that the said Roadsare ill general foiiiuch out of Repair* that the same cannot, by the Statutes in beingybe-iu&~ -ciently repaired and amended: And therefore paying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering* widening, amending, repairing, and shortening, the said Roads; or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chauncey Pownfend, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Pule, Mr. Martin, Mr. Probyn, Mr; Foil ere tin, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fane, Sir Francis Poole* Mr. Kynaston, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Sandys, Siijohn Pur.*, ner, Mr. Lyfier, Sir William Irby, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fafr* fax, Mr. Thoroton, Sir John.Philipps, Mr. FollowedMr. Hardingc, Mr. Wilkinfoii, Mr. Yorke, Sir Gevige Montgomerie Met ham, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Whichcot*. Mr. Barrow, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Jones, Mr. Gafliry, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Heioett, Mr; Gybbops Sir John Cujl, Mr. Bay it tun, Mr. Herbert* Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Molejivotth, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ajjteck, Mr. Vanfittaft, Mr. Northey, Mr. Lewis* Mr. Symmonds, Mr. Amcotts; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Dorset* Devon, Berks, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend fdr Persons, Papers* and Records.

The Houfd being infoftnedi that *Mr. ffortie, from the Commissioners jofj Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door 5 ’ ‘

He was called in; and* at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant tq the Directions of ati Act of Parliament, *' ", 1

The Report of the Comtrrissioners of Greenwich Hot pital of what Money has been received from the Derwentwater Estate, between ift December 1756 and 30th November 1757, and Of their Proceedings in carrying on the Builcling.

And then he withdrew* , \ '

And the Title* of the said Report was read*

The said Report is as followeth; viz,

) - - .

, , ., . i

. i r 1 . ’

7 r. , ' r ;: '

r, , \ A 3 ’ *7" *

... f 1,. .; c 7 " i *

1

" . '

GrwtixVicH

Hospitah

lo° FebrmriL

AijsS.

ioth February 1758*

IN Obedience to the Directions of an-4(9: of Parliament, pdffed in the Eighth Yfcar of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derzoentzoater and Charles Rddcliffe;

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradetmfen, Artificers, or other Persons, for fmishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a workmanlike and substantial Afannfer, on theeafieft and most reafdttable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the Hotife of ChmihonS, and to lay their Proceeding^ therein before his Majesty and both Houses of Parliament respectively;

The Commissioners or Governors otthe said Hospital do humbly report as followeth:

There has been received by the Treasurer, between the ill December 1756 and the 30th November 1757, out

Of the Rents and Profits of the Estate; viz.

£. s. d.

On Account of the annual Rents - 7,040 14 3J

On Account of the Lead Mines -.....- - - 1,555 10 3f

On Account of Timber sold by the Court of Exchequer, which completes the Siim of £. 9,900. for which the said Timber was fold ----- 990 o o

£ 9*586 4. 7

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building: ~vr

£. s. <U

Finifting Cabbins, in the Mezanine Story of Queen Mary's Building, for Sixty-four Mrti and Nurses, putting up a new Wind Dial on the West Dome, fitting up the North East Lodge fot a Bathing Place for the Pensioners, all which Works have been done and brought to Account,

and amount to the Sum of Five hundred and Fifty-two Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence 552 1 4

The ordinary Works done this Year in keeping the Buildings, Furniture, Roads, Drains, Pipes, and Brewing Vessels, in Repair, and other necessary Works for the Service of the Hospital, amount to the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Fifty-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings

and Two Pence.....t *.-*- - - 1,254 17 2


I. 1,806 18 6

Ifote, There has been paid by the Receivers, out of tW Money anting from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, between the ill December 1756 and the 30th November 1757, 0a Account of Repairs

By Order of the Commissioners,

R* Horne.

Ordered, That the faits Report do lie upon the T&- Wharfs of the Harbour have been rebuilt, and a new ble, to be perused by the Members of the House, Timber Head, 160 Feet in Length, hath been built

under the Castle, for flopping the Beach in the Bay, and ttover The Lord George Sackville reported from the Cutiu securing the Pent where the Back Water is penned up: Harbour, jhlttee, to whom the Petition of the Lieutenant oi Dover That several Parts of the \\ orks are gone to Decay;

Castle, and Assistants, incorporated for the Preservation and the Pier Heads in particular are so bad, that they of the Harbour of Dover, whose Names are subscribed, have been obliged to lay Timber over them, to prevent on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Assist- their bursting:

ants, was referred* That the Committee had examined That it will be necessary to repair the said Pier Heads, the Matter of the said Petition 5 and had directed him as weft as the Jetty Head ad joining id the North Pier, to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the and Cheeseman's Head, and Quays, and Wharfs, and also House; and he read the Report in his Place, and after- the Draw Bridge and Gates in t he Upper Slu ice and Crofe wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Wall, which is so bad, that it will not keep up the Back same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Water; and that it will be necessary to extend the Jetty

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Head in the Bay Ten Feet further; the Expenceofwhich

An Act, passed in the t ith, and 12th Years of the Works* according to an Estimate he delivered to your Reign of King William the Third, was read; Whereby a Committee, will amount to the Sum of £. 22,484. 2 c. Duty of Three Pence per Ton is laid on certain Ships Mr... Walker, Treasurer of the said Harbour Duties, and Vessels, for repairing the Harbour at Dover. said, That there is now owing upon Bond, on Account

And several subsequent Acts were read wherebythe of the said Harbour, £.3,000.* and that £. 1,721. \zs. said Duty was continued until the First Day of Mqff io£rf. is due for Materials delivered, and Work per 1765, and for appropriating Two Third Parts thereof formed there: And,

for making a Harbour at Rye i Then, Captain John Bazeley, Master of the Trinity House at

Mr. Edward Vile* Master Carpenter of the Works Dotier, being exafiiined, said. That the said Harbour is carrying on at the said Harbour, being examined, said* of great Utility: Tlmt, within Ten Years last, 170 That great Progress has been made in completing the Sail of Ships, in great Distress, have been laved in the said Harbour: That, (ince the Year 1737, great Part said Harbour i That 9^38 Ships, not belonging to Dd* of the Cross Wall has been faced on both Sides with ve*, have put in there since the Year 1736: That Ship* Portland Stone, new Gates have been made in the Cross of 500 Ton Burthen can go in there: That a Ship* Wall, the Extremities of the Pier Heads next the Sea, which drew 17 Feet Water, went in there, in great Qif-Part of Cheejemaris Head, and several of the Timber tress* with Five Feet Water in her Hold^ Six Uays atter 14 the

C S. d. l63' 5 7i

" 1 , v


31 Geo. II.

the Full of the Moon; and was fayed, together with her whole Cargo.

That the Harbour is capable of being made Six Feet deeper, both at the Mouth and in the Baton; that the Method uf clearing the Mouth of the Harbour from Beech, is, by letting the Back Water run out against if; and if the Harbour was deeper, the additional Weight of Water would do this more cffeClually.

That Paradj'e Pent is capable of being made a good Wet Dock; and that Two Dry Docks may be made in the Baton.

And the Evidences severally said, That it will be impossible to complete the said Works, unless the Terms and Powers granted Uv the said Acts are continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and con-timied by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent; and that the Lord George Sadcville, Mr. Jones, and Mr, Fairfax* do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Pn-ffo* A Petition of the Rector of the Parish and Parish

IncLiure. Church of Preffon, in the County of Rut Land, Clerk, and the far great eft Part of the Owners and Proprietors of all the Lands lying in the common and open Fields of Prejion a to re fa id, was presented to the House, and read; felting fortlt, That the said common and open Fields contain about 1,200 Acres; which lie intermixed and / dispersed in small Parcels, and, by reason thereof, cannot be properly cultivated, and, in their present Situation, afford very little Profit to the resp£<5live Owners; but the fame, if laid together and inclosed, would be greatly hn proved, especially if discharged of all Great and Small Tythes; and a cert ain yearly Rent was to be secured upon the said Lands, and payable to the Rector, and his Successors, in Compensation thereof; and alleging, that the Petitioners have entered into Articles for the Purposes aforesaid; but the same cannot be elledually carried into Execution, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. George B rude nett and Mr. Thorqton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bnrmn A Petition of Sir Robert Clifton, Knight of the Bath, Iidofare. Owner and Proprietor of the Lordship of Barton, otherwise Barton in Fabis, situate in the several Parishes of Barton and Clifton, in the County of Nottingham, and Patron of the Redory of Clifton aforesaid, John Wick life. Rector and Incumbent of the Parish of Barton aforesaid, and Abel Collin Launder, Rector and Incumbent of the Piirith of Clifton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioner, Sir Robert Clifton, is seised and possessed of all the Lands and Litotes in the open and common Fields, common Meadows, common Failures, and common Grounds, in the said Lordship, except certai n Pieces of Glebe Lands, lying dispersed within the same; and to which, together with other Proportions in the said common Fields and Lands, the Petitioners, the said John Wicklife and Abel Collin Launder, in Right of their respective Rectories, are inti tied; and that the said Lands and Properties of the Petitioners lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said open common Fields, common Meadows, common Pafiures, and common Grounds, in the said Lordship of Barton, in the County of Nottingham, according to each Person’s Right therein, and in such manner, as to the House shall i’eem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur-funnt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Vol. 28.

77

IIewe It and Mr. IVhkhcoldo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Buhner, in Buliner the County of York, ami of the Freeholders, and o her Inclosure. Persons, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, having Lands and Right of Common in and 011 the common Fields, common Meadows, common Failures, common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the said Lordship of Buhner, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth. That if the said common Fields, common Meadows, common Puiiurcs, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, containing together 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts, were divided and inclosed, they would be very useful and convenient, and would be otherwise very beneficial to the Parties concerned: And* therefore praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for dividing and incloiing the common Fields, common Meadows, common Failures, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Rushout and Mr. Wilk inf on do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from the j^la 0Tto Village of Magor, to the Bridge Foot in the Town of chepftov* Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth; and other Roads Road, in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester ,* was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 2. To insert " The Right honourable WilLiam Hall Gage, Lord Vifcouni " Gage, in the Kingdom of Ireland

L. 12. After " Griffin," to insert <c Thomas " Griffin the younger, Deverdux

u George

L. 36. After " James," to insert <c Andrew " James

Pr. 8. L. After " Baronet," to insert u Charles " Morgan

Pr. 9. L. 13. After " Najhf to insert " the Re-<c corder, Mayor, and Town Clerk, of Newport, for the Time being

L. 23. After " Probi/n," to insert " Thomas " Pritchard, William Pmodi'*

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question tovefally put thereupon, agreed toby the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor, to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chepjloio, in the County of Monmouth; and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, that Answer their Add relies of JFednrfday last, that his Majesty would ^ofpa^rs* be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Papers therein mentioned might belaid before tin’s House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had command' d him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Vestrymen, ^rtm in and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of -67. Martin in the 1 Fields, within the Liberties of the City oiWestminster, was presented to the House, and read; fettingforth, That in pursuance of divers Statutes, now in force. Three several and distinct Rates are made Half-yearly; viz. For Relief of the Poor, for cleansing the Streets, and for Payment of the Nightly Watch and Bedels of the said Parish; and Three Sets of Books made out to contain the said Rates; and the same are under Three Different Collections; and X alleging

16° Febru


7 8 iob Februafii. '

alleging, that it is apprehended, if the Three federal . And it is referred to Mr. Pot ter, Mr. 1 hikes, Mr.

Rates were under One Collection, and florae further He- Ilewctt, Sir CharlesMonlaunt, Mr. More, General Corn* gnlations made; for the better Management of and Pro- wallis, Nlr. E ynafion, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Prozcfe, rifion for the Poor, and more eaiy Aflbffrtient. and ddl- Mr. Gore; Mr; Sariney, Lord Dow nr, Mr. Bailer, Sir leelion of the said Rates, and Application of the Money Conic! Fire brace, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lvficr, Mr. Plainer, to be thereby raised, the same would be attended with Sir Willoughby Afion, Mr. Felloivi?v, Sir Francis‘ Poole, more Hase and Advantage, and less Expence, to the In- Mr. Mart in,[ fold Ligojiier, VI r. Hard ing?, Lord Strange, habitants of the said Parish, and their Poor be better pfo- Mr. Hanger, l ord Bateman, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vyver,

v tried for, than, by the Authority of the Laws in being, Mr. Bond, Mr. A relief, M r. Sandy s, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

they can be atpresent; and that the Penalties inflicted by Pitt, Mr. Grenville, M 1\ Medlucotl, Mr. Ga/hnj, Mr. the Laws in being for laying Dirt, Filth, and Allies, and Symmonds, Mr. Wilkmjun, Mr. Staunton, Mr. If hichcot, for suffering Rubbish to lie longer than nccelfary, and for Mr. Fane, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Wigley, Sir John Glynn, Mr. not hangingout or setting up Lights in the Streets, are Qlmius, Sir John Penning toil, Sivjohn Turner; and all deemed to be insufficient, and the Time for keeping in the Members who fervcfortheCountiesof SomersetfVilts^ such Lights to betooihort: And therefore praying, Gloucester, and Dorset: And they ai;e to meet this After-That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to empower noon^at FiveoftheClock, jn tlfeSpeaker’s C. hamber: And the Church-wardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Veflrv- have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

men, of the said Parish o(St. Martin in the Fields, from

time to time, as Occasion may require, to make One or A Petition of the Trustees; whole Names are there- Birmioghatk

more Rateor Rates, for the Relief of the Poor, foreleanf- unto subscribed, on behalfof themselves, and the relt of and

ing the Streets, and for Payment of the Nightly Watch the Truste^s, for putting in Execution T\vb Atts of and Bedelsof the said Parish,tobe levied,recovered, and Parliament, one passed in the 12th Year of the Reign received, either collectively and together, or separately, of his late Majesty King George the First; and the other as shall be found most expedient, with such further and passed in the 18th Year of the Reign of his present other Regulations relating thereto, and to the Conduct Majesty.; the last of which is intituled, An Act for con-and Management ofand better Pi ovision for the Poor, and tinuilig, amending, and making more effectual, An Act, pifposition of the Monies to beraised by the said Rates, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King George and for the better cleansing and enlightening the Streets the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birming-of the said Parish, as to the House thall seem meet. ham to Edghill, in the County of Wanvick; and of the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Creditors under the said Acts; was presented to the sideration of a Committee; and that they do examine House, and read; alleging, That the said Trustees have the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit appear to them, to the House: of the said Acts; which, together with the Tolls collected

And it is referred to General Cormcallis, Mr. Hewett, upon the said Road or Roads, have been duly appl ied Sir Charles Monlaunt, Mr. Potter, Mr. Gore, Mr. More, according to the Directions of the said Acts; not with*

Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Morton, Sir John Cvjl, Mr. Handing which, some Part of the said Road or Roads are Thoroton, Lord Downe, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Francis Poole, in the Winter Season very bad; and such Parts thereof,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Whichcot, Mr *Fonereau, Mr. Wil- as have already been repaired, will, in a short Time, be-Jiinfon, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ryder, Mr. come ruinous again, if constant Care be not taken to Lyjler, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Ongleij, Mr. Buller, General repair the fame; and that the said Trusteesare unable Onjlotv, Mr. Martin, Sir Willoughby Afion, Mr. Hunter, to fmifh the Reparation of the said Road or Roads, and Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Daivnay, Mr. Fuller, to repay the Money by them borrowed, unless the Tollf Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Yorke, Mr. More- and Duties granted by the said Acts are augmented, and tcn, MrAVilkes,\\T.HardingeM\\GybbouM\\Northey, the Term and Powers therein contained are further Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Alderman Baker, continued and enlarged, and the said Acts made more Mr. Sandys, Mr. Smith, Nf r. Barrow, Mr. Fane, Mr. effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be Bond; and all the Members who serve for the County of given to bring in a Bill for augmenting the said 1 oils,

Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon', at and continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers

Tive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have granted by the said Acts, and for making the lame

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. more effectual, by such Ways and Means, and under

- such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Cjty of A Petition of the Mayor, Alderman, and Citizens, of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Bath the City of Bath, in Common Council assembled, and of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

Waterworks, divers Inhabitants of the said City, was presented to the examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as

House, and read; taking Notice, That the said City has it shall appear to them, to the House: been in Part supplied with Water, for Time immemorial And it is referred to Sir Charles Mor daunt , Mr. Archer,

from afmaUCiftem; but not in sufficient Quantities for Mr. Potter, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr. the Use of the said City, who are at present in want of a Cartwright, Mr. Smith, Sir John Philipps, Mr. More, Sir greater Supply of good and wholrfome Mater; and John Rushout, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. W ilk nifon, Mr. Vyner, setting forth, That to remedy the said Inconvenience Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bold, Mr. Wigley, Mr. the Corporation of the said City have lately, at a very Bacon, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir great Expence, made a large Kefervoir, at a Place called John Cujl, Mr. Fonereau, Sx Willoughby Afion, Mr. Beck-Becchen Clift, in the Parish of Lyncomb and Widcomb, ford. Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Ryder, Mr. in the County of Somerset, at the Distance of about a Lewis, Sir Edmund lJhamMv. Powell, Sir John GlynnMr.

Quarter of a Mile from the said City, from whence a Symmonds, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Buller, Mr. Middleton, Mr.

- sufficient Quantity of Water is proposed to be brought Bane, Sir George Yonge, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, by Pipes, for the Use of the said City; but that the Pc- Mr. Waller; and all the Members who serve for the titioners are unable to carry the said Design into Exc- Counties of Warwick, IPorccjier, Gloucester, Stafford, cution without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore Leicester, and Oxford; And the}7 are to meet this After-praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring uoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; iua Bill for supplying the said City with frdliand whole- and have Power to fendfor Persons, Papers, and Records, some Water, in such manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, T,

Ordered, Thatt.be said Petition bereferred to the Con- Land Owners, reflding in the Towns of Leeds and Wake- 8

sideration of a Committee; and that they do examine field, in the County of York, and others, living near or Wakefit ld the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall ap- travelling on that Road, leading from Leeds to Wakefield Road*

pear to them, to the House: aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was

presented

Chsni

Jloads*

St.

Mirgprct’s

Church,

Wellminllei*

31 Geo. II. ioD Febr 79

jt re fen ted to the House, and re*d; fietting* forth, That the Hoad between the Towns oiLeeds and Wakefield, isj in many Places so very narrow, and in the 'Winter ana rainy Seasons so deep and founderous, that the Trade and Commerce between the said Towns cannot be Car* ried on; and alleging; that the same Road cannot be repaired by theordinary Course of Law: And therefor^ praying, That Leave may be given to bringin a Bill for the widening, repairing, arid keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lieupon the Table.

A Petition bfthefWef&rGentfem£n, CIergy, and others, ttfii^lly travelling from the Towrt of Cfi(trd, \x\ t he County of Soinerf&t, through t hefeveral Parishes of Chard, Combe St. Nicholas, Knowle, St. Giles's, Ilminster, Whitelackin-ton, Sevington St. Mary, Sevington Abbot, Seeing ton St. Michael, Lopen, and South Pethertoli, to Pettier ton Bridge, in the Parish of South Pet her ton; and from the Town of Ilminster aforesaid, to AshwelL, Ilford Bridges and Puck-ington, to a certain Lane, called Pitching ton Lane, in the Parish of Puckingtonaforesaid, where the Langpor* Turnpike Road ends; and from a certain Place, called Peafe± mash Lane, in the Parish of Ilminster aforesaid, through Donyat and Hcritov, to A/hill Gate, in the Parish of AshilL in the County of Somerset, where the Taunton a Turnpike ends; was present^d to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Roads are in a ruinous Condition, and in several Places narrow and incommodious; and that there are several Rivers running cross the said Roads, which in the time of Roods cannot be puffed without the? greatest Danger; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened', and Bridges built Over the said Rivers, by theordinary Churfe of Law; and taking Notice that a. Bill is depending in the House for repairing, amending, and widening the Roads from Chard aforesaid, to Honiton: And therefore praying That the said Bill may be extended to and through the several Parishes and Places above mentioned: and that the said Roads may be repaired and widened, and Bridges built 6ver the Rivers aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord North, Mr. Paeon, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Ryder, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gdre, Mr. Potter, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Cust, Mr. Hanger, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wilk inf on, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir George Montgomerie Metham, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Wefifaling, Mr. Mcdlycott, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. For nereau, Mr. Fane, Mr. Cooke, Sir Willoughby Act on, Mr. Nugent, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. More, Mr. Charles Townshend of Yarmouth, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Charlton, Lord Middleton, Mr. Lewis, Loid Downs, Mr. Witichcof, Doctor Hay, Mr. Elliot, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Probyn, Sir Mat-thezv Lambe, Mr. Butier, Sir John trlynn, Mr. Dazvnay* Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Thoroton, General Cornwallis, Mr. Earle, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Willey, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. George Onjlcxo, Mr. Pye^ Mr. Vernon, Mr. Humes and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Wilts, Somerset, Dot-Jet, Southampton3 and Glouvejicr; And they arc to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Vestry-men, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishioners, being offered to be prefen ted to t heHonfe;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House; That his Majesty Vol. iH.

having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Cdufideration of the Iloule:

Then the said Petition was brought lip,' arid read; re- jrrefenting to the House, That the PariftiCh 11 rcnoT8aint Margaret, Wcfiminfiet, is the Place u fed by the Members of the Honourable House of Commons to hear divine Serviceand particular Places and Seats therein arefet apart for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners have late* ly raised and laid out alargOSum of Money towards making the said Church fit for the Recept ion oftne Commons of Great Britain; but they are unable to complete the said Work, by reason it will require a tnuch larger Sutn t han can be raised upon the Inhabitants of the said Pa-vifh, without the greatest Difficulty, they having at this Time a numerous Poor to maintain; and for many Years last past have laboured Under a heavy parochial Debt, contrarited on account of their Poor; which was oceafio.i-ed by the pulling down a great Part of the said Parish, to open Ways and Passages for the Use and Convenience of the Public; and alleging, that the said Church is a very ancient Building, and several Parts thereof, especially at the East End, are, notwithstanding the large Sums so lately laid out thereon, in a decayed and ruinous Condition: And therefore, for the Reafops premiled, and in regard the said Church hath, from time to time, beeii supported, repaired, and beautified, by the Favour and Aids of the House of Commons, praying the House to grant the Petitioners such Assistance as will enable them to complete the Repairs of the said Church, and to make it bo h fit and safe to receive so august an Assembly as the Representatives of the Commons of Great Britain, or to do therein as the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Thai the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Matthezb Wild bore Esquire, in behalf ttareby of him fell', and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors Incldfiire* of the common, open, and arable, Fields and Meadows, in the Manor and Parish of Hareby, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands mid Grounds in the said open and common Fields confiit of 451 Acres, or thereabouts; and alleging, that the Petitioner is Lord of the said Manor, and is seised and possessed of 432 Acres,or thereabouts, of the said Lands and Grounds; and that the Rector of the said Parifl), in Right of his Redory, Car Brachenbury, Esquire, — Fowler, and the Master, for the Time being, of a certain School in the Town of Bolingbroke, in the said County, are intitled to the rest of the said Lands and Grounds; and that the said Heritor is intitled to the Great and Small Ty thes arising within the said Parish; and Norton Brion is Impropriator of the said Reriiory; and that the said Lands and Grounds lie intermixed anddifperfed, and are inconveniently situated in the said Fields: and all or 1110ft Part of the said Proprietors are desirous that the same may be divided or inclosed; and that specific Shares thereof may be assignedl to such respective Proprietors, according to their interests therein; and that a Recompence lhouid be made to the said Rector, for the Time being, in lieu of Tythes:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bringin a Bill for inclosinganddividing the saidopenand common Fields, and making a Recompence to the Rector of the said Parish, for the Time being, in lieu of his Tythes, in such manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Matthew Lambe and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

A Petition Of the Goverrlor, Deputy Governor, AfDft- Bristol ants, and Guardians of the Poor, within the City of Poor# Iirijtol, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by an Aril made in the Seventh and Eighth Y'ears of the Reign of King William the Third, were constituted a Corporation, to take Care

of.

8o ro° Fehruariu 4 175^-

of, provide foiyand maintain, the Poor of the said City; anti that hv the said Act, and several other Acts, lor rendering the same m -re effectual, Power isgivento raile - annually divers Sums of Money for the said Purposes; which, by the hit of the said Acts, are not to exceed f. l,.y>0 in any one Year, except the IVovhion for the railing £. 2,000 in Four Years, for the Payment of the l)ehts;and alleging. that the said annual Sum of^.4,500 is insufficient for the good Purposes of the said A:;s, lo that the Petitioners have not been able to relieve many Persons who ought to have had Relief, although the said Corporation are already levera! hundred Pounds in Debt; and that it will be impolnble for them to maintain and re 1 ie ve 11 le p resent a!i d i n creasing Nuin ber of Poor w i t h i n the said City, without Power to raile more Money for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given:to bring in a Bill forascertaining, railing, and levying, by the same Waj-s and Methods, as are by the said former Afls directed and appointed, inch further annual Sums for the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor of the said City, and for paying off the said Debts, as the House shall think proper; or to grant the Petitioners fuel) Relief in the Premilcs as liiali idem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Tetbury A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Roads. Clothiers, Landholders, and others, the Inhabitants of the several Towns and Villages of Stroud, Minchin Hampton, llorfeley, Nailsworth, Woodchester, and Rod-borough, and others in their Neighbourhood, in the County of Gkntcejltr, whose Names are t hereunto annexed,on behalfofthemfelvesand many others, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is intended lobe applied for to this House, for amending and repairing the Roads, from the Turnpike at the Top of Frocester Hit/, to the joining the Road leading from Cirencester, to the Monument upon Lansdown, in I law If-bury s Upton Field, in the County of Gloucejicr, and near to Dunkirk Barn; and alleging, that the great Road from ' Rriflol to the several Towns and Villages of Stroud, Minchin Hampton, llorfeley, Nailsworth, Woodchester, and Rodborough, and many other d owns and Villages in the said County fGlouceJter, leads from the Paid Barn called Dunkirk Barn; along the said Road to a certain Field, in the Parish of Wefern Birt, called Bouldown Sleight, and from thence to the la d Parish of llorfeley; and that the Road from the said Field called Bouldown Sleight,totUe End of a Lane in the said Parish o {llorfeley, adioiningfo the Road leading from llorfeley to the Town of Tetbury, in the said County, and which said last mentioned Road adjoins to a certain Place in the said Parish of llorfeley,called Tittup's Inn, is in a very ruinous Condition, and ext remedy dangerous for Cattle and Carriages travelling on the same in Winter: And therefore praying, That the said Road from the said Field,

called Bouldown Sleight, to the End of the said Lane, adjoining to the said Road from Hoijelcy to Tetbury aforesaid, and which said last mentioned Road adjoins to the said Place called Tittups Inn, may be included in the said Bill, lhouid the same be pa (fed into a Law; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to w horn the Petition of the several Gent lemen, and oilier Persons. whole Names are thereunto subscribed,being Freeholders and Inhabitants of the County of Gloucester, and reikiing near, and usually travelling, the High Roads thereinafter mentioned lying in the County of Gloucester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it mull appear to them, to the House.

Antloallican A Petition, iigned by Thomas Smith, Robert Turling-Privateer/ f()11^ a)K| William Sherratf, Owners of the Anti gallic an privateS!,;]) of War, on behalf of themselves, the Proprietors. Captain, Officer?, and Crew of the said Ship, and their lawful Prize the Tenthievrc, a French Ship from 18

China, was proferTteTto tire -Howe, mid read; fetfing forth, Thai the Petitioners, and others, did at a great Expence, fit out the Antigalliaui private Ship of War, of which William Foster was Commander; that the said Captain Filter having taken a very rich Prize, called the Pcnfhievre, earned il mio the Bay ol Cauiz; and that it was foou alter legally condemned at Gibraltar; notwithstanding which, the Petitioners allege, tin- laid Prize was afterwards uniullly taken from die Captors in the said Bay ef Cadiz, and delivered up to the Frn:!i\ and complaining of itot- Hardships and Damages which they havesustainedthereby: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may receive fuel) Redr els and Satisfaction as the House shall, in their gicat Wisdom and Juliice, think proper, for the great Loss and Damages the Petitioners have fu Plained; and that the Petitioners may berelieved in Inch manner as the House shall think requisite.

Ordered, That the said Petitiondolie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act \Wntwnrth*»

to dissolve the Marriage of Godfrey Wentworth, Esquire, D vortC* with Dorothea Pilkingfon. Ids now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read die Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal’s.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas 1 wry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint »;* unit this House hath

'agreed to the fame. Without any Amendment, o,

An ingrofh d Bill for naturalizing George Clifford, Cliff rtf* was read the Third time. ^at*

Resolved, That-the IF!I do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing George Clifford.

Ordered, That Mr. Fonereau do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deli re their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from Importation the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; Bauk.

He was called iu; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

An Account of the Number of Cattle that have been imported into England, from the Jjle of Man, from Christmas 1746, to the 5 January 1757; distinguisiiing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tide of the said Account was read.

' That the said Account do lie upon the Ta-

ble, lobe perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Reverend Richard Jackson Clerk, Wilnecote and Katherine Ins Wife, Lord and Lady of the Manor of Inclosrrs. Wilnecote ,in the Parish of Tamivorlh,ani\ County of Warwick, and also Owners and Proprietors of divers Parcelsof Land and Coal M ines,ofand in fourcertain open common Fields, in the said Manor oi'Wilnecote, called Tamzcorth Field, Chapel Field, Ovencood, and Middlezcood Field, and Dolejhill, otherwise Dojthill Field; and also of John Faux the younger, for and on the Behalf of hiuifelfand his Father John Faux, who is by Age and Infirmities, rendered incapable of managing his own affairs, which said John Faux the Father is seised, or Impropriator, of One third Part of all the Tythes arising within the said Manor of Wilnecote, foe and during the Tc» m of his natural Life, with Remainder to the said John Faux 1110 younger, in Tail; and also of William Mcggs, !Thomas Storer,

George Storer, and Ann Storer, who are seised, or Impropriators in Fee, of the other Two-third Shares or Parts of the said Tythes; and likewise of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth, and several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Land* and Coal Mines in the said Four Fiehls, in the said Manor of Wilnecote, on the Behalf of themselves and of divers other Persons, who are also Owners and Proprietors of divers other . Parcels of Land and Coal Mines in the said Four Fields,

in

3iGeo. IL 10° — 11° FebruariL 81

in the said Martor of JVilnccole; was presented to lU<e Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Recruiting

House, and read; setting forth, That by Articles of whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and Lanci^orccJ# Agreement, entered into by the Petitioners, and divers effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and other Freeholders, and Proprietors of Land and Coal Marines, was committed, be received upon Thursday Mines in the said Four common Fields, it is agreed, that Morning next*

the same shall be inclosed and divided, for the mutiial Convenience and Benefit of the Parties concerned therein; and that One or more Fire Engine or Fire Engines, shall be set up, erected, and worked, for the better and more effectual Draining of the said Coal Mines: And therefore praying. That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the said Articles, and the several Allotments and Divisions to be made for the Use of the respective Parties concerned in the Premises, and for erecting, setting up, and working, One or more Fire Engine or Fire Engines, for the more effectual Draining the said Mines, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thymic, Mr. Crafter, and Mr. Foley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Great Glen A Bin for di vidingand inclosing certain open and com-

Inclosure. mon Fields in Great Glen, in the County of Lticester, called the Upper or North End Fields, and all the common Pallures, common Meadows, and common and waste Grounds, within the fameFields, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hezcett, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Anson, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Felloioes, Lord George Cavern dipt, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Foley, Lord John Cavendjh, Mr. Pole, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilk info n, Mr. Ryder, Mr. White, Mr. Herbert, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Lyster, Mr. More, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Boone, Mr. Pill, Mr. Smith, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Kynaston, Mr Ongley, Mr. Mor don, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Moore, Mr. Cartzvright, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Barrow, Sir William Codring ton, Mr. Amcotts, Mr, Lowndes, Mr. Ha?bard, Mr. V'yner, Mr. Fane, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Walter, Mr. Dazvnay, Mr. Gq/luy, Sir John Glynne; and all the Members who fervefor the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Lincohi, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tiverton Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Or-Roads. der, a Bill for amending several Roads leading from the Towri of Tiverton, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the Firit time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cirencester . Mr. Daxonay reported from the Committee, to whom Roads. the Bill for repealing so much of the Act of the 15th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from CirencejlePs Towns E?id to St. John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, as directs, that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Hamlets therein named, shall pass Toll-free; and for repairing the Street from the High Crqfs in Civencester, to the Town’s End there; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said former Acts 5 was committed; That the Committ.ee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one *, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Vol. 28.

Resolved, That, this House will, upon Monday Morn- Marine ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole romlaticii. House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mo ruing Supply? next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday "Slorn- Way.#, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and M#ans. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, n° die Februarii;

Anno 310 Georgii IF Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Johnson, Account from the Commissioners of the Excise, attended of CandU at the Door; L>uly*

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of the Duties on Candles, within that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year ended 5th July 1756; distinguishing the Amount of each Collection, and London.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition ef several Owners and Proprietors ofcer- Wicken, tain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in that Part of the &<* Great Level of the Fens, called the South Level, was fr*0*^ presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands bounded as follows; viz. From the hard Lands of Wicken, along the East Bank of the Rivers Cam and Ouse, to Prickzoiilozv Bridge, Sind then along the South Bank of Mildenhall River, to the hard Lands of IJlcham, and along the hard Lands of IJlcham, Fordham, Soham, and Wicken, to the East Bank of Cam aforesaid, being the Lands of the Petitioners, and divers other Proprietors, and lyingin the several Parishes of Wicken, Soham, Ford-ham, and IJleliam, in the County of Cambridge, and of Stretham and Ely, in the Ifie of Ely, and County of Cambridge aforesaid, are subject to be overflowed and annoyed with Water, and thereby rendered of very little Value; and that such Lands are capable of being drained and greatly improved; but the necessary Works for Draining and Preferring the same cannot be made and supported without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for draining and preserving the said Lands, in such manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Royfton, Mr. Craftier, Lord Dozone, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. George Onjlozv, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr.

Wilkes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. A if able. Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Gore, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. More, Sir Henry Sling shy, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Bay?itun, Mr.

Cornwall, Mr. Proivfe, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wilkin/on,

Y Sr

Settle

Iiiclosure.

Neithrop

lndofure.

82 ir° Februarii.A,

Sir Richard IFavzvick Bampfylde, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. The- A Petition of Arthur Plunkett Esquire* James Plunkett Huoteft

roton, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Lyfier, Esquire. his ekleft Son, and of Knox Esquire, Son Knox.,

Mr. Berkeley, General Onslow, Mr. Sandys, Lord Dup- and Heir of Arthur Knox Esquire, deceased, was pre- Efcuts pUn, Mr. Hume, S\v Matthew Lambe, Mr. Gybbon, fented to the House, and read; reciting, That by Arti- Mr. Cocks, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Pitt, Mr. IVilbraham, cles of Agreement, bearing Date on or about the 10th Mr. Powell, Mr. Hill, Sir John Cuf Mr. Smith, Ge- Day of November 17 41, between Jeffrey French Esquire, neral Cornwallis, Mr. Lewis, Sir William Moreton, Mr. for and on behalf of himself, and the Petitioner Arthur Symmonds, Mr. Trift, Mr. Medlycott, Sir George Yonge; Plunkett, of the One Part; and William Knox Esquire, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of for and on behalf of the said it was agreed,

Cambridge, Huntingdon, Norfolk, Sit folk, and Lincoln: that the Petitioner Arthur Plunkett should release and And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the convey the Fee-simple and Inheritance of divers Towns,

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. of Roscommon, in the Kingdom of Ireland, therein men*

tioned and described, unto the said Arthur Knox, and A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Two fttoted his Hfeirs, for and in Consideration of the Sum of Paliures, in the Township of Settle, in the County of £ an<^ alleging, that it being discovered soon

York, called Scaleber and Bankes and High Scarr,\vHs after the said Agreement, that the Reversion in Fep-presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That simple of the Premises was vested in the Crown; and the Petitioners are possessed, for the Remainder of divers that therefore the said Contraft and Agreement could long Terms of Years, under the Countess Dowager of not take Effect, an Act of Parliament was obtained, in Burlington, of and in the said Pastures; and alleging, the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for that, if the said Pastures were divided into Severalty, the veiling the said Remainder in Fee in Trustees, to join same would be greatly improved: And therefore pray- with the Petitioner, or his Heirs, in the Sale and Coning, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to veyanee of the Premises to One or more Protestant Pur-make Partition and Division of the said Pastures, in such chafer or Purchasers, in Fee-simple, for the Purposes Manner as the House shall think proper. therein mentioned, freed and discharged of and from

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, the said forfeited Remainder, in Fee, so vested in the pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Crown; and also alleging, that the said Act declared, the Lord Dozone and Mr. Thomas Yorke do prepare, that the said Remainder in Fee, expectant as aforesaid, and bring in, the fame. of and in such Part of the Premises as should not, in

pursuance thereof, -be actually fold and conveyed to A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of common One or more Protestant Purchaser or Purchasers, and Lands, common Meadows, common Pastures, common such Conveyance, duly registered in the Kingdom of Grounds, commonable Lands and Tythes, lying and Ireland, on or before the 29th Day of September^ 1750, arising within the Field, Liberties, Territories, Precincts, should be vested in his Majesty, his Heirs, and Suceef-snd Township, of Neithrop, in the Parilli of Banbury, fors; and that the said Arthur Knox died in May 1743, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and his Right, Interest, and Property, of, in, and to, the and read; setting forth, That, there is in the Liberties, Premises contraSted for, did, upon his Death, devolve Territories, Precincts, and Township aforesaid, One upon and become vested in the Petitioner John Knoxy large, open, and common Field, called Neithrop Field, his eldest Son and Heir, then a Minor; and that, since conftfting of Four Quarters or Divisions, called Lozver the passing of the said Act, several Disputes and Con-Side, Grecnhill Side, Forkham Side, and Choakzcell Side, troverfies have arisen between the Petitioners, and di- ' containing together 60 Yard Lands, or thereabouts; vers Suits have been commenced and prosecuted in the and also Five several Pastures and Commons, known Court of Chancery in Ireland, concerning the Validity by the Names of the White Post, Coze Layer, Paddock, and Effect of the said Articles of Agreement, and the Great March, and Causeways, and called the Cow Com- several Estates and Interests of the said Parties in the mons, and the Sheep Common or Neithrop Common, Premises therein mentioned to be contracted for, and containing together Fifty Acres, or thereabouts; and thereby the Time limited by the said Act for conveying that the Petitioners, and divers others, are the Owners the Premises to a Protestant Purchaser is now elapsed, and Proprietors of all the Lands, Grounds, Pastures, and the Remainder, in Fee-simple, thereby vested in Commons, and Tythes, lying and arising within the Trustees, for the Purpose of such Sale, hath reverted to Field, Liberties, Territories, Precincts, and Township, his Majesty; and that the Petitioners Arthur Plunkett of Neithrop aforesaid, and are intitled to Common of and James Plunkett are willing and desirous, that the Pasture for their Cattle upon all the said common Field, said Articles should be carried into Execution, and to commonable Lands, Pastures, and Commons, therein, join in proper Conveyances of the Premises so cou-by a determinate Stint; and that the said several Lands traded for: But as the same cannot be t ffe&ed without and Grounds lie intermixed and difperfedin imall Par- the Aid of Parliament, therefore praying, That L^ave eels, and are most of them inconveniently situated, and may be given to bring in a Bill for giving further Time are in their present Situation incapable of Improvement; for the Sale and Disposition of the said Remainder,inFee, and alleging, that the Petitioners and others, Owners in the Crown, for the Purposes in the said former Act. and Proprietors of the common Land, common Mea- A Motion was made, and the Question being put, dows, common Pastures, common Grounds, common- That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the able Land, and Tythes, lying and arising within the said Prayer of the said Petition

common Field, Liberties, Territories, Precincts, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Township, aforesaid, are desirous that the same maybe Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, divided and inclosed, and that speeific Parts and Shares having been informed of the Contents of the said Peti-thereof may be assigned to the Petitioners and others, tion, gives his Consent, as.far as his Majesty's Interest Proprietors thereof, respectively: And therefore pray- is concerned, that the House may do therein as they ingr That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for shall think fit.

dividing, inclosing, assigning, and allotting, the said Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-common Field, common Meadows, common Pastures, fiiant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

common Groilnds, and commonable Lands; or such Wilkes, Mr. Lowndes, and Mr. Cooke, do prepare, and

other Relief as to the House shall seem meet. bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir A Petition of the High Sheriff, and several of the Juf-Edward Turner, Mr. Fellowcs, the Lord Parker, and tices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inha- Tre ^iTer

the Lord North, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. bitants, of the County of Derby, whose Names are there- End"c*

19 unto

GOO^l

3i GeO.IL i i ° Februarii. 83

tmto subscribed, was presente<] to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Passage over the River Trent, between the Counties of Leicester and Derby, at a Place called Wilden Feriy, is, by Means of Floods, frequently dangerous, and is always inconvenient to Persons and Carriages puffing the fame; and alleging, that if a Bridge was built over the said River, at or near the said Ferry, it would be of great Utility to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge cross the said River, at or near the said Place called Wilden Ferry, in such Maimer, and with such Powers and Provisions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish* Mr. Craft er, Lord Down*, Mr. George Onslow, Lord Royfton, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Pelham, Sir Edward Walpole, Mr. Wilkes, Sir Robert Bur deft, Mr. Ajlabie, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Curzon, Lord . Strange, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Vernon junior, Mr. Charles Townshend, Lord Vi liters, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Butler, Mr. Prowse, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bidler. Sir John Cust, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Symmonds, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Scott, Mr. Pro-byn, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Smith, Mr. Grenville; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, Leicester, Rutland, Northampton, York, Lancajitr, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition of the Traders and Inhabitants of the Ro->maU e t5, rough of GreatYarmouth, in the Count}7 of Norfolk, whose Names are thereto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many other Traders and Inhabitants, within the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; fettingforth, ThatmanyPeiTons,tovvhomthe Petitioners, in the Course of their Dealings, are obliged to give Credit for small Sums of Money, taking Advantage of the Difficulties which the Petitioners lie under, in the Recovery of such Sums by the present Forms of Law, frequently refuse, though well able,to pay their just Debts, and alleging. That the establishing a Jurisdiction in the said Borough, for the Recovery of small Sums, in a less expensive and more expeditious Manner, would be of great Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the said Borough.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Aud that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Walpole, Mr. Charles Tozvnfhendof Yarmouth, Lord Downe, Mr. Aijlabic, Lord Royfton, Mr. Yorke, Lord North, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Smith, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Strange, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilkes, Sir Matthew Lam be, Mr. Lowndes, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Cooke, General Cornwallis, Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Witkinjon, Mr. Eger Ion, Mr. Westfaling, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Thoroton, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Daumay, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Trijl, Mr. West, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Totvn-Jhend, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Amcotts., Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Foley, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Chester, Mr. More ion, Sir Cor del Fi rebrace, Mr. Mackworih, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hanger, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Willey, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Venables Vernon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. 2$.

A Petition of the feverat Merchants, whole Names Exportatiati are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and 0 u all others, Merchants, in the County of Norfolk, City of Norwich^ and Burgh of Great Yarmouth, concerned in making or exporting Malt, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of a Proviso in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt,

Meal, Flour, Bread, Bifciiit, and Starch, that nothing therein contained should extend to any Malt declared or made for Exportation on or* before the 4th Day of December 1756; and alleging, that at the Time the said Act passed, the Petitioner being at a great Difiance* and carrying on their Business in its usual Course, and being for feme time totally unacquainted with the Intention*of a Prohibition* had divers Parcels of Barley declared and making into Malt, after the said 4th Day of December, for Exportation, for the Holland Market, not exceeding in the whole 200 Lasts, all which was a&uallymade into Malt before the End of January 1757; and that, after they knew of the Prohibition, as the same was only to be in Force for a Year, and was not at that Time likely to be continued, they imagined that they should still have Time to export the above Quantity of Malt within the Fifteen Months allowed by the Malt<

Act; and that the said Malt hath ever since been, in pursuance of the said Act for grantingaDuty on Malt; under the Care of the Officers of Exdjfe, and by them locked upland if the said Malt be not exported in Fifteen Months after t he carry ing the same into Storehouses, the Proprietors thereof are by the last mentioned Act subjected to a Penalty of Fifty Pounds each; and that all the said Malt is in a perishing State, and is wholly unfit for Home Consumption, it being long Malt, of an inferior Quality, and proper only for the Market for which it was intended; and in case the Petitioners are not allowed to export the fame, they will not only become subject to the said Penalty, but all the said Malt will perish, and bea total Loft to such of the Petilionersas are interested therein, and also taking Notice, that by an Act, passed in this present Session, for further continuing the said Prohibition until the 2 jth Day of December 1758, it is provided, that, during the Continuance thereof, the Bou nty granted by any Law upon the Exportation of any of the Commoditiesbefore-mentioned(hall not be allowed or paid to any Person upon the Exportation thereof out of this Kingdom, to any Place whatfeever; and alleging, that attheTime of passing the said last mentioned A&t the Petitioners had severally made a Provision for employing their Malt-houses in the same Manner as they had done in the former Year, in making Malt for Ireland, and had bought several Quantities of Barley for that Purpose, ana had declared or made the same into Malt for Exportation, before the Expiration of the said Act of the last Sei-fion; and that the Petitioners bought the said Barley under the Bounty Price, and did not expeCl, nor had they an Opportunity of knowing in proper Time, that the Bounty upon the Exportation of Malt to Ireland, would be suspended; but imagined, that, if the Prohibition was further extended, such Prohibition would be in the same Manner as by the former Act; and that, if the Petitioners are not allowed the Bounty upon the Exportation of the said Malt to Ireland, they will be considerable Losers, having purchased such Barley at a much higher Price than they otherwise would have done, in Expectation of receiving the said Bounty; and that the said Malt was particularly prepared for that Market, and is of a different Quality, inferior to that made for Home Consumption: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and permit the Petitioners to export all such Malt as was a&nally declared or made for Exportation, on or before the 30th Day of January 1757, and to allow the Petitioners the Bounty thereon; and alfe to allow the Petitioners the Bounty on all such Malt, to be exported to Ireland, as was declared or made for Exportation, on or before the 25th Day o(Dc* cember last, lor continuing the former Act; or that the

Petitioners

ii° Februarii. . 1758.

Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House Khali seem meet.

Ordered, That thesaidPetition do lie upon the Table.

CaUer A Petition of the Inhabitants, and of the Owners and Navigation, Occupiers of Houses, Buildings, and Lands, in the

PRates Township of Wakefield, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Navigation upon the River Calder is an Estate of Inheritance, of very great and improving Value, and was in 1739 assessed towards the parochial Assessments laid for the Uses of the said Town of Wakefield, as an , Estate of Land within the same Township; the Payment of which Assessments the Lessees of the said Navigation have discontinued, and ever finee refused to pay; and the Inhabitants of the said Town have not been able to compel the Payment thereof, through a Defeat in th£ Laws: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in, for assessing the Owners and Farmers of the said Navigation to the parochial Rates of the said Town of Wakefield, and to grant the Petitioners such further Relief, with respect to the Arrears of such Assessments as are now due and unpaid, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof,* and report the fame, as it iliaII appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Doione, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Alderman Beck ford, Mr Waller, Mr. Norton, Mr. Morton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Dazvnay, Mr. Cartwright, Sir CordelFirebrace, Mr. More, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Tozonfhend, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. George Onslow, Sir Lionel Pilkington, General Cornwallis, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Prolific, Mr. Smith, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Rujkaut, Mr. Medlycolt,

Sir Henry SIingsby, Mr. Amrotts, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Gore,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ycrke, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Charlton, Mr John Yorke, Mr. Buller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, NorthumberlandCumberland, Westmorland, and Lan-c a jin': And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Improvement A Petition of William Markham Do ft or of Laws, and

>0t v a Thomas Salter Esquire, was presented to the House, and

WeSminster reaf* > alleging, That in pursuance of an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to enable the Petitioners to build Houses and open a Square in and upon a certain Piece of Ground called Dean's Yard, Westminster, and several Pieces of Ground contiguous thereto, the Petitioners have already laid out a considerable Sum of Money in making the proper Purchases, and are proceeding to carry the said Act into Execution with all possible Dispatch; but, on account of several unexpected Difficulties which they have met with, they are apprehensive they shall not be able to complete the same within the Time limited in the said Act, being Five Years from the 24th Day o{June 1755; nor can the Petitioners carry the said Act into effectual Execution, unless some of the Powers therein contained are explained and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Time mentioned in the said Act, and for explaining and enlarging the Powers therein contained, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Importation A Petition of several Traders and Manufacturers with-

of Tallow in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Parts adja-

from Ireland. centj on beha]f of themselves, and all other Traders and Manufacturers in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the high Price of Candles for some Time past hath been extremely prejudicial j and, if the same continue, it will aeceffarily tend to

advance the Price of Labour and Manufactures in thii Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take this Matter into Consideration, and to grant such Relief as Khali appear proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of several Tallow Chandlers and Dealers in Candles, Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Wefiininfier, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and all the other Tallow Chandlers and Dealers in Candles within this Kingdom, and of the other Matters referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Fifliermen, trading to Bil- Westminfief lingsgale, whose Names are thereunder written, on be- Market, half of themselves and all others, the Filliermen trading to that Market, was presented to the House, and rend; reciting several Parts of Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish, and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in aClause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same were taken with a Hook; and the other passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the aforesaid Act of the 22d Year of his present Majesty; andrepresentingmany Inconveniences and Hardships which the Petitioners aMegethey are f» b-jeftto by the said Acts: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to direct a Bill to be brought into the House, to redress the Grievances now complained of by the Petitioners, and togrant them such Relief as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Knar-fborough Landholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Knaresborough, in the West Riding of the County of York, and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land-owners, Miners, and Inhabitants, residing in and about Graffinglon, and in other Parts of the said West Riding, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from Knaresborough afar said, through Ripley and Scarah, to Grassington, is very* ruinous, and dangerous to Passengers, and for the moil Part thereof so very narrow, that Carriages cannot pass along the same without the greatest Difficulty; and alleging, that the putting of the said Road into good and sufficient Repair would be of great Benefit in many Re-spe6fs: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and amending, the said Road, in such Mamur as to the House Khali seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Ditto; Land-owners, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Knaresborough, in the West Riding of the County of York, and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land-owners, Miners, and Inhabitants, residing in and about Graffinglon, and in other Parts of the said West Riding, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That the Road leading from Knaresborough to Grassington, through Ripley, Scarah, Palely Bridge, Greenhow-hill, and Hebden, is very ruinous and dangerous, and for the most Part so very narrow that Carriages cannot pass along the same without great Difficulty; and all leging, that the said Road cannot be repaired by the Laws in being: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and amending, the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, they shall appear to them, to the House:

And

3-t jGfiO;' II. ii 0 Februar

Arid they rife referred' to Sir Henry SUngflnj, Mr. Atijlabk, Sir ThoPiasClavering, Mr. Smilk, General Cornwallis, Sti*. Kynaston, Mr. George Onjloxv, Mr. York?, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Potter, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fdloxres, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Sandys\ Sir John Philipps, Mr. Cornxvallis, Sir y//72 C;//?, Mr. Evelyn, Lord D^p-p/riz, Mr. Daxonay, Lord Strange, Mr. Heuett, Sir Charles Mordamtt, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mack worth, Mr. Tluirfby, Sir Annine Wodehoofe, Mr Whicheot, Mr. I Fig ley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Waller, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Norton, Mr. Morel on, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Affleck, Sir Jo//;* Rnfhouf, Mr. White, Sir'Gbwge Yoiige, Mr. Cooke, Sir Cord el Fire-brace, Mr, Courtenay, Mr. Foley; and all the'Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northum-ber land,'Cumberland, Westfnorland, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bridgford A Petition offeveral Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

and others, and, also. of the Xrudees appointed by an Aril Road. of Parlkiment,passed in the27tbYear of his present Majesty, for. impairing the Road from the North End of Bt'idgford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, l^icester, and Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Boivling Greenxxt Kettering, in the Coun-tjy ,.of Northamptonwhofe Nafaes are thereunto fub-foribedj was presentedio the.House, and read; setting sch. That the Trustees hv the said Aril have borrowed £. 3,300 orv>the Credit of the.Tolls thereby granted, which; together with the Tolls collected, hath been applied towards repairing the :said!Road, and which Sum is still unpaid; and alleging,.tlmt the Tolls collected, and the\Mo«ey borrowed on^thfe Credit thereof,' are not fiiL ficient to complete thfe Repairs of the said Rond, and to keep the same m Repair, nor to pay the fetid Sum so borrowed,’with the Interest thereof; aiOT Can the said A-6t 'be*etfe£iaally carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, Thra Leave piay may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terttigranted by the said A£fc,»and'ta explain, amend, and enforce, the Powers thereby given.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

Westminster A Petition of several Persons whose Names are there-Corrt unto fobforibed, Inhabitants of t he City and Liberty of Market. Westminster, and County of Middlesex, was presented to

the House, and read; alleging, That if a free and open Market was established within th^said City or Liberty for the Sale.of Com.and Grain, under proper Rules and Regulations, thq manifest Inconveniences arising from Engrossing, Foreflalling, and Kegrating, might be in a great Measure prevented; and also alleging, that great Fraud £ and Abuses have been committed in the Sa^e of Lfoy and.Straw, and particularly in the fot ter, for, want of a certain Weight being fixed by Law for each Truss ofStraw: And therefore praying the House, That a free M*nket may be established* at some proper Place within the said City or Liberty of West miafter, for trie Sale jof Cpm ^nd Grain; and that the Side of Hay and Straw xiiay' be regulated, in such Manner, as to the IJou fe lb all seem tpeeL V

Ordered, That the said Petitiondolie uponthp Table.

Dan and :A FeiUfomif James Ma,llors, of the Tarish of Saint Chapter, ^wey/within the Liberty of Westminster, Builder, was presented to the House, and read; reciting several Pro-n*‘ . vifiqns in an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign jOf ht present Majesty, imp.owering the Petitioner, at j his pjyu Cost and Charges, to open and build a new Street ^fromAhe West Side di King's Sir eel, m thp I^ayiih of St. '^Margaret, in the City of Westnwjler, to the Back Part Gardens, and Yards,lituate on the Welt . $iqepfDalahaye Streetj in the same Parish; and also im-. powering the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, and their . S.upreflo r$, jgrant Leases tc^the Petitioner, his Ileirs

and Assigns, of Ground, MefTnages, Tenement.^ or Hereditaments, for that Purpose'; and taking Notice, tha^* the said Powers given to the Dean an d Chapter of Westminster, and their Successors, were, by a subsequent' Act,* farther continued and extended to any Time widifii the Space of Two Years, to be computed from the 25th Day of December 1735; and alleging, that the Petitioner hath caused the said Street to be built, and hath expended a very large Snm of Money, as welkin purchasing Ground,

Messuages, Tenements, and Heredi tarnents, necessary for making the Exchanges with the Dean and Chapter of Westmvfter, directed by the said Act, and in making arid opening the said Street, as in building the feverafHousesi on each Side thereof; but was not able to procure proper Conveyances to him or hisTrustees ofall the Estates necessary for the said Purposes, so as to complete-fitch Exchange with the said Dean and Chapter, and obtain from them Inch Leafeor Leafesasafore-ment'ioiied, withintbe;

Times by the find Act of Parliament lirtiited for granting thereof(and which is now expired), notwithstanding all Matters relative thereto were settled between the fiiuf Dean and Chapter and the Petitioner;and that the ^> titioner mull be a very great Sufferer* in case the said Ddan and Chapter are not impowered to grant Jiim a Lease or

Leases of the several Estates, withia the Bounds and limits described in the said Aftalready vested, and hereaftej:

to be vested in them, pursuant to the said Aril, for a longer

Term than they are at present enabled to grant: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of the CpL legiate Church of St, Peter at Westminster, and their successors, to grant to the Petitioner such Pieces of Ground,

Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within tho Bounds and Limits described in the said Act of Parlift^ merit first above-mentioned, as npvy are, or in Confer quence of the said Arit fiiajl be, veiled in them, on a Lease or Leases fora longer Term of Years than they are. at present enabled to grant, or that the Petitioner may have such other Rebefajs to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do Re upon the Table.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Exhall, in the Exhall

Con rity of the City of Covenlnj, and the Lay Impropria- Iudofuje for, and the Patron and the Vicar, of the Parish Church of Exhall, and also. several of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the open and Common Fields, Pasture$,

Meadows, and waste Ground^, wit/rinthe said Manor of Exhalt, in the Parish of Exhall, in the fetid County of the City of Coventry, Was presented to the House, and read; setting forth/That the Pel* Ushers are possessed offeveral Estates in the said common and open Fields, Pastures.

Meadows, and waste Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed in final! Parcels in and over the fame, by Means whereof great Inconveniences arise to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the said Lands, and the fari>e are thereby rendered of little Value, and incapable of improvement in their present Situation: And thereforp praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields,

Failures, Meadows, and waste Grounds, within the’ Manor of Exhall, in the Parish of Exhall, in the County of the City of Coventry, in such Manner as* to the House - I

shall seem meet. I

Ordered, That the said Petition do lieupon the Tqble.

A Petition of Robert Hunter Morris Esquire, was pre- Morris's fenterj to the House,* 90d read; alleging, That no Salt is bait at present madein the British Colonies in North America; Manutadure but that the said (Colonies dep9nd upon a precarious Supply from Foreigners of that Commodity; and that the Pei itiorrcp,from a personalKuow ledgepfthe Situation 'andCb’cum fiances of many Parts of Xor/(t A meiica an Enquiry into the Causes.of the M iiearriages of former Attempt s, and from many Years Enquiry and OHerva-tion into, and an Acquaintance with, t heMamieroi making Salt, as prariti fed in several Parts of Europe, is well convinced, that good Marine Salt may be made in lit* Majesty’sColonies in North America3 in Quantities luifi-

v - Z ' cicut ‘

Christiin

Malfjrd

bridge

R*id.

Lincoln

Heath

Road.

S6

11

Februarii.

A. 1758.

qientfor their own Use and Consumption, and at a moderate Price; and further alleging, that the carrying from hence proper Men and Materials, and theerefting necessary Works, for the making of Salt, will be attended with a very large Expence and great Hazard; but the Petitioner is willing to undertake the same at his own KifqueandCharge, provided he can be secured in the Enjoyment of the Profits which may arise therefrom (in same it succeeds), for such a Term of Years as may seem to the House a proper and adequate Compensation for (0 great an Undertaking; and that the Petitioner conceives no Loss or Inconvenience can possibly attend the giving such an Encouragement, as every Method by which the Colonies are atpresent supplied will be left open; and that the Encouragement proposed can only arise from the Sgccefs of the Undertaking; but that, if, by this Means, they are brought to supply themselves with Salt, of their own making, it will render many considerable Branches of Trade more certain and beneficial: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner /uch Assistance therein as to them shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Borough o(Wotton Buffett\ and other Places, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks, whose Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads leading from Christian Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to and through Wotton Buffett, Blugrove Lane, Swindon, and Shrivenham, in the said Counties of Wilts and Berks, to Skilling ford Gate in the Turnpike Road which leads from Farrington to Wantage, in the said County of Berks, and from Szvindon aforesaid to Leidden-ton Wall, in the said County of Wilts, are in a ruinous Condition, in many Places narrow, steep, and uneven, and very dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened, and kept in good Repair, by the pre Cent Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectually repairing, widening, levelling, and keeping in Repair, and making the said Roads passable at all Times and Seasons, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crafter, Mr. Potter, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. George. Onslow, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Nugent, Lord George Mariners, Mr. Smith, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Which cot. Lord Viliiers, Mr. Del aval, Sir 1 ferny Grey, Mr. Thyime, Mr, Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Kynaston; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wills, Berks, Somerset, Oxford, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber < and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Reads from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough, and from Defining ton High Bridge to the Cross Pofi in Hac-conby Field, and also several other Roads in the said Act mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Donnington High Bridge, through the" Towns of Donnington and Swineshead, to Hale Drove, and through Swineshead, North End over Holland or Eight Hundred Fen, through Fourth-end Lane, and the Towns of Beston, Skirbeck Quarter, by Wiberton Old Milestone, Frampfon Mill, through the Town of Kirton, by Sutterton Watch House, to the Eighth Mite Stone, in the Parish of Wigtoft; and also,

the Road leading from Langret Ferry, over a Bridge, called Toft Tunnel, cross Holland or Eight Hundred Fen, to the Road leading from Swineshead to Boston, in the County of Lincoln; and also taking Notice, That, by the said Act, an annual Payment of £. 35 was provided for repairing a certain Causey, called Bridge End Causey, from the West End of the Town of Bridge End to Donnington High Bridge; and alleging, that the said Causey was, at the Time of passing the said Act, and still remains, in a very ruinous Condition, and that the said Sum of £. 35 per Annum will not put the same in good Repair; and that the Expenditure of the said Money, in this Manner, will be in great Measure useless; as the Works made from Y'ear to Year will be liable to be destroyed, especially in wet Seasons; but that if Power was given to borrow a Sum of Money upon th©

Credit of the said Payment, or to agree for a certain Sum to be paid in lieu thereof, and the Money so borrowed and paid, together with the Addit ion of a Sum of Money borrowed, or to be borrowed, upon the Cre- / dit of the Tolls, within the District of Road wherein the said Causey lies, were applied in amending the said Causey, the same might be put into good and permar nent Repair: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make such Provision relative thereto as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie h^on the Table.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Leatherhead other Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscrib-eel, living in the County of Surrey, on behalf of them- selves and many others, travelling the Roads herein after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from thejftw7/i/»/» at Leatherhead, in the County of Surrey, through the Parishes of Leatherhead, Fetchfm, Great Bookiiam, Little Book ham, Effingham, East IIor fey. West Horftey,

East Clandon, West Clandon, and Merrorw, to the May-Pole, at the Upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoake, near the Town of Guldeford, in the said County; and a|so the Road from the said Town, over Guild Downs, through the Parishes of St. Nicholas,

Guilford, Compton, Wandborough, Pultenham, and Seal, to the Directing Post near the Town of Farnham, in the said County, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous for Travellers, and cannot be effectually' repaired and widened by the Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given tobringina Bill for effectually repairing and widening the said Road, in such manner as to the

House shall seem m4et.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as jt shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Potter,

Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fellmces, Mr.

Aijlabie, Sir Henry Sling/by, Mr. Gore, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Afore, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cooke, Sif William Beauchamp Pro6tor% Mr Wig ley’, Mr. Cr after,

Mr, Kynaston; And all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Soiitha?npton, Suffix, and Kent:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gentle- Brjxwi men, Freeholders, Traders, and Manufacturers, residing SnnU Dd> within the WestemDivision of the Hundred of Brixton, in tlieCout)tyofSwrrey,whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, Thata greatNumberofworkingPeoplearecqnstant]y<erpployed in thefaia Division, who frequentlycontra&fmallDebts, and very often refuse to pay the fame, pre fuming on the great difcOu ragement and Difficul ties the i rCredi tt>fs must labour under, from the unavoidable Expences and common Delays usually attending Suits at Law; and thatthe Establi^nnent of an eafysnd speedy Method for Rccovery

of

j i Geo. II. 110 — 13* Februarii. $7

of small Debts would be a3 benefieial to the Inhabitants Resolved, That it is the 43piiuou\of -this Committee, of the saidDivision, as Experience hath proved it to be That the House be moved. That Leave be given to within the Borough of Southwark, and the rest of the bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy repairing.

JEastern Division of the said Hundred: And therefore of public Bridges within the County of Devon.

praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, the more easy and speedy repairing of public Bridges

within the Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton, within the County of Devon: And that Sir Richard ,* 3

in the County of Surrey, in such Manner as to the Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Buller, and Mr. Harris of '

House shall seem meet. do prepare, and bring in, the fame. 7:

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Sir Juhn ph!Upps presented to the House, according Bounty

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. to Order, a Bill For prohibiting the Payment of the on Cora

Bounty upon the Exportation of Corn, unless sold at a exPorted* And then the House adjourned till Monday lower Wice than is allowed in an Act of the First Year.

Morning, Nine of the Clock. of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary: Anc

the same was received; and read the First time.

» ,r, — ----- — ----- — ----- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Account of Duty on Pkte.

Leedf,

&c.

Road.

Brompton

Indoiure.

Devon

County

Bridges.

CaWer

Navigation.

Duty on wrought Plate, from the Commencement called Brooffmoyth, and thence up a Branch of the said thereof to Midfammerlaftj distinguishing each Year. River to Bridge, near j and a!-

% leging, that the making of the said River navigable up

The Lx>rd Downe presented to the House, according to Wakefield aforesaid, in consequence of an Act, patted to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from Ueds to U the 10th qnd nth Years of his late Majesty King Sheffield, in the County of York: And the same was William, hath been of very great Use and Advantage.to received; and read the First time. the Public; and that the Petitioners are well allured, that

Resolved, That the Bill be read aSecctad time. it would be a further Advantage to the Public to extend the said Navigation up to SaLtef Hebble Bridge Ordered, That the Lord Doione be added to the Gen- aforesaid: And therefore pray in g the House, That the tlemen who are appointed to prepare, hnd bfing in, a said Bill may pase into a Law, under such Regulations Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Lords and in such Manner as the House shall please to order: of the Manor of Brompton, in the County of York, and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the of the Freeholders, and other Period, whose Names Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition are thereunto subscribed, having Lands and Right of of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and Common in and on the open Fields and commonaWe others. Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Halifax,

Lands in the said Lordship of Brompton. in the West Riding of the County of York, and the — ysg

Parts adjaoent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, .>*

Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde reported from the is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of Committee, to whom the Petition of several acting Juf- this Petition; and report >the fame, as it shall appearto tices of the Peace for the County of Devon, whose them, to the House..

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the -

Committee had examined^ the Matter of the said Peti- A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Ama

tion, and had direct ed him to report the fame, as it others, residing near the River Awn, within the Counties' River appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the of Worcester, Gloucester, and Warwick, was presented to Navigation, Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the the House, and read; reciting,.That by an Act;, patted Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* for the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is better regulating the Navigation of the River Avon, run* as followeth; viz. ning through the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and

In support of the Allegations of the fa$ Petition, Gloucester; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Car-An Act, of the 12th of his present Majesty, intituled, tiage upon the said River, a Duty of Two Shillings and An Act for the more easy afleiling, collecting, and le- Six Pence is laid upon every loaded Barge navigated vying of County Rates, was read: And upon the said River, tfi be applied in discharging the

A Member present informed your Committee, That resfoqable Expences of obtaining the said Act; and many Inconveniences had arisen to the County of that as soon as the whole of the said Expences shall be Devon, particularly by Floods carrying away Part of paid, the said Duty is to oeafe; and alleging, that great their Bridges; and the Justices not being impo^veFed Part of the said Expences now remain unpaid, and the to repair the same without Prest ntment -x and that, said Duty, which is extremely burthensome, continues for want of immediate Reparat ion, great Expences have to be coilefted, although the Petitioners have Reafop fallen on the County; which would not hare been oc* to apprehend, that a suficient Sum of Money, for thp cafioned, if the Justices had had Power to repair them Discharge of the said Expences, bath been already col-upon such Damages happening. lested: And therefore praying the House to take the

And that, by a Limitation in the said Act, no Con- Premises into'Consideration, and grant the Petitioners tract can be made with any Person for repairing, such Relief as to the House shall seem reasonable, amending, or rebuilding, the said Bridges, for a longer OrdercdffhvA the said Petition be referred {otheCon-Term than Seven Years,by which great Inconveniences sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of and unavoidable Expences have attended the County. Samuel Lloyd, of Bridgnorth, i n the County of Salop, audJ Another Member present confirmed the above Evi- the rest of the PeFfons whose Names are thereuuto fub* dence. feribed^n behalf of themselves and others. Owners and

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Proprietors of Barges and Vessels navigated upon the Resolutions; River Avon, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Gloucester; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Alder-That the Petitioners have proved the Allegations of tnen,capital Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the their Petition. Borough of Evejharn, in the County of Wir&jfier, as well

Vol. 28. . *

Lung) x 30 die Februarii;

Anno 31* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1758. Prayers.

f\BDEBED, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the

A Petition of the Aldermen, Justices, Common Council, Merchants, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, was pre-; fented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition hath been presented to the House, prayingf That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the River Ctilder navigable from Wakefield to n

rf>FeI(txam.

A 1758.

onbehaTf of themselves as* others the Inhabitants and Traders of the said Borough; are referred i And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it /half appear to them, to the House.

BneotiragJag Orderly That a Committee be appointed 16 con* ^det of the Importation and Growth of Madder in this of Ma cr. j£jngdom.. an<pthat they do report their Opinion there* ttppp ta the PJpufe: -

i ..And aCpmipiftee was appointed of Mr.

N&rthey, Sir? Mr. Alderman Reck*

Jfardi hf jv: Qfyaldy. 7°IlP PMUpp*, Mr.;

£?nkegy $il\ffofw Qjft; Mr, Berkeley, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Tow)tJAejid, Mr. West> Mn fyntftonilM\\ , Gybbonf M.r^ Hardinge, Sir Cordel Firebraee, Mr.fane, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Fell owes, Sir William Calvert, Mr. More, Sir Tames r' # Creed, Mj*. tyigenf, Sir Willoughby Afttm, Mr. Baton,

u'*‘v' ' Mr. Chtirllbn, Mr. Bayntiih, Mr/Coventh/, Mr. Morton, Lord Diifirilin, Mr. JFb%; 'Mr. Aldxvorth, Mr: Bldter1, Sir Turner, Mr. Hu (fey, Mr. OJfleft, Mrs Sa)idifs\ Mt.'George OfiJIow, MM Prowse, 'bUfSGdrt,

Mr. Charles Teton fhend, Mr. Prdbyn, Si r FrancisF)rhke, Mr. Thorotun,' Mr. Lyjler, Mfc. Crofter, Sir jjnliarh Owen-, Mt. Reynolds, Tord Strange, Mr. Harris, Lord iJcwne, Mr. Fonere.au, Sir Richard Warwick BampfyldC, Mr. Grenville, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. 'Pitt\ ^nt Richard Grosvertvr, Mr. Colebrodke, Mr. Vifner, Mr. Reive ft, Mr. Wilki/fon, Mr. Whichcot, Lord George (Safdndish; Me Lowndes, Mr. Lewis, the Mafquis of Granby, Mi4. Bagot And theyare to meet this Afrerhbort at Five of ‘the Clock, in tffe -Speaker's Chatr(ber;,'a1ld have Power tP fend, for FerftmvPapers, and Records; and all whocome'aretoJiaveVoices-Ordered, That tlip' Acctitjnlfof the Quantity of Madder imported into England from Holland^ for Severi Yeaftdarft past,distingdishing fcac^ Year, which was pre-

!ented to*'the'House upon the Third D^ 'oft May lafti )e refeiJrftT to the said Committee. f

.: \ ’.> r rc I . ’ ! . .

Edinburgh, "Mf/Ja'ines'Campbell reporteef from $he Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, for repairing ttib oa 9 Post Road throu gh the Counties of Linlithgow and Stir-tbig was referred, ‘ That the Contoriitteb had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed1 him to report thefam.e, as it appeared to them, to the House;

and lie read Rie Repotft* in his Place; and afterwards ‘ ' delivered it in at the Clbijc’s Table; Whefe-'the fame - ' r‘ was* read; and is as so’M&wefh; viz. ' '* }'

T0 prove the Allegations of the said Petition; 1 *f ~ ’ An Act/ passed in the 25th Yggr 0? the Reign oMnfc pre font Majesty, for repairing the said Hoads; wqs" read’: Arid ' ' ‘ ’ ' *'/ ’4

‘ Captain ‘Levift on, being examined, said; That thfe jMoniesj collected and borrowed ’ in pxrrfuance: of*.the said Act, Have been faithfully applied 'in repairing the said Roads; but that the fame, togethef \fith ti)b Country Services authorized by Law, have bteit found irtfufficiciif: ‘ V.: r

J That the Ford oves Almond Water \k refy d ahgerou?, and frequently irhpaffable; that the Boat there is incapable of transportin^ Carriages or H'otftls; and that a Bridge there would be of great Advantage to the Coilii-fry: but that the Trustees appointed by the said* LAdt fihd it irhpra6ticable, ouf of their present Funds, either to contribute towards ere6Ting a- Bridge there, or to earn^ the other good Purposes of the said Act into Execution, without the T^rm and lowers thereby granted be further enlarged and contiiuied:

Which Evidence w'as ^onfltined td your Committee ^by several Members present. ' ‘ ‘ ‘ '

7 Ordered^ That Leave be given to brrrf£ in a Bill for 'Enlarging the Term and Poweris granted by an Act, of the 25th Year of his prefeiit, Majesty’s’Reign, intituled, An x\& for repairing the Post Road from thedty of *Edinburgh, through th6 Counties of Lintithgow dnil Stirling, from the Boathouse 'Ford on Almond Water, tmd froitr'fbence to the Towiv of LMifhgbxd, ahdvfi*oth " 17

the said Town to Falkirk; and from then ee to Stirlings and also from Falkirk to Kylfylh, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, on the Post Road to the City of GLygow; and for building, a Bridge cross -Almond WaferAud that Mr. James Campbell and Mr. Veiled do prepaid and bring in, the fame.: *?;

i / ....

An ingrossed Bill for repealing so much.of the^ct, C’wcncester of the 151I1 Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging Roadi. the Term and Pow ers granted, by an Act, of t\]p 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads froth Circnceftef Town's Rhd to SL John's . Bridge, in the ^County of Gloucdhj, as directs that the Inhabitants' of the fbvfcra!1 riaridies and Hamlets, therein named, flu ill pass Toll-free; and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Cirencester to the Town’s End there; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and jpr enlarging1 tiip Terms mid Powers granted by the said Two former *A$ts; was read the Third time. ‘ *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And th^it the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of the Act, of the 15 th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the T°rm an\l powers graiited by an Act of the 1 3th Year of his latp Majel^v King George the First, for repairing the Roads froiif Cirencijter Totem's End to St. John's Bridge, in the County of GLouceJter, as direels that the Inhabitants of the several Pariilies and Hamlets, therein named, shall Inafs Toll-free; and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Ctrenctyierlo the Town’s End there; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Two farmer A els. v

Ordered, That Mr. Daw nay do carry the Bill to the Lorcas, ana delirc tlipir^Cohcurrence. , ’

The Order of the &iy being read, for the House td Land Tax f cfplve.ittelf into aConiniittee of the whole House, upPn Commissionert. the BilHor appointing Commissionersfur putting in Execution aii Act, of tins Sc Hi on of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tqx to bp raised in Great Britain, for the^Service of t,he Year 1758; and for enforcing 'th£ Payment of ‘the'Rates to be aliened upon Somerfcl House in the Strand;

‘ BcJotvCd, That this House \yill, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Coniniitte^ of the whole FJogfe, upon the said Bill.

Tlio' House, according to Order, proceeded to take liiio^Consideration the Report from the Committee of the Whole House, to whom the Bill for the-Encouragement of Seamen.enqdoyedintherpyal Navy, and for establitli-ijiig a regular \ietJiod for the punctual, frequent, and pertain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling them ‘more eaiily and readily to rernit the {grngfor the Support ofjtheir Wives aivjrt Families; and for preventing Frauds mVd Afiifes attendingfueh Payments y was committed.

Aiid the fajcl Re[)ort was read, j And the Amendments made by the Committee to the fdf^ Bill were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Oueftion severally put thereupon, with Amendments loTeyefeil of them, were agreed to b}r the House.

Cfaiife was offered to be added to the Bill, for fining Officers who shall unnecessarily delay the Pay-nieqt, or take any Fee:

And’the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks;

'and the said Clause was amended.

Then the Blanks in the said Clause being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed to by the Iloule to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the Houfq to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossied.

The other Orders of the Day being read; Marine

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn Forces

i,<r Rc&ft^ioii

Supply.

Wiys and Means.

flr cv' Ports

Lyme

Regis

Roads.

Cal’Jer

'Kuigation.

Ditto.

31 Geo. II. 130 — 140 89

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Tloufe, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Resolved, That this Tloufe will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ma'rtis, 140 die Februarii;

Anno 310 Georgii IF11 Regis, 1758.

And the said Petitions were severaliy ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petitition of the Gentlemen, Clergy Merchants, Traders, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto fub-fieri bed, is referred: And that they do examine the Mat-ter of these Petitions; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House.

Mr. Alderman Baker presented to the House, accord^ ing to Order, a Bill for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the County of Devon, through the Parities of South Brent, Ugborough, Harford, Ermington, Plympton Saint Maiy, Plympton Maurice, Egg Buckland, and the Tything of Compton Gifford, to Gajkivg Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Brent

Bridge

Roads.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Poirier, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door;

He \vas called in *, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Copies of Advices received by <c the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa, of the Repairs that have been done by their " Officers to the British Forts upon the Coast of Africa, " since JujUy JVatfon Esquire took a Survey of them." And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Con-fuleration of the Committee, who are appointed to consider of the several Papers, Reports, Surveys, and Drawings, relating to the Forts and Settlements on the Coast oi Africa, which have been referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine this Paper, and (latethe Matters therein contained, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Meflfage from the Lords, by Mr. Lane and Mr. JVaple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Recorder, Common Council, Merchants, and other Inhabitants, of the antient City of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, Merchants, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making the River Calder navigable from Wakefield to Brookfmouth, and thence, up a Branch of the said River, to Salter Hebble Bridge, near Halifax aforesaid; and alleging, that the making the said River navigable to Wakefield, in pursuance of an Act of the 10th and nth of King William, hath been of great Advantage; and that the extending of the said Navigation up to Salters Hebble Bridge would be of much further Use and Advantage: And therefore praying, That the fair! Bill may pass into a Law, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the House shall leem meet.

Vol. 28.

APetition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty wicken, fcc. of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of Drainage, the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in that Part of the Great Level of the Fens called the South Level, is intended to be presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving certain Lands, bounded, from the hard Lands of Wicken, along the East Bank of the Rivers Cam and Ouse, to Prick-zvillow Bridge, and thence along tl^e South Bank of Mildenhall River, to the hard Lands of IJleham, and along the high Lands of IJleham, For dham, So ham, and Wicken, to the East Bank of Cam aforesaid; and that the Petitioners conceive it will be greatly for the Benefit of the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands lying within the said District, that a Bill should pass for draining the fame; and setting forth, that many hundred Acres of Adventure Land, lying within the said District, are become vested in the Petitioners, which at present ywkl little of no Profit; and that it will be greatly (or the Advantage of the said Corporation, that such invested Lands should be sold for the heft Prices that can be got for the lame, subject to the "Faxes payable l>v the Acts of the 15th and 20th o{'Charles the Second: And therefore praying.

That a Bill for draining the fa-.d Lands may pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be impowered to fell all the Adventure Lands vested in them, lying within the said District; and also to pay the Taxes, which fiiali be imposed by such Bdl upon the said invested Lands, until the same shall be fold.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of cvrtain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in that Part of the Great Level of the Fens called the South Level, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The House was moved, That the Petition of several Westminster Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inha- Cora bitants of the Cif}' and Liberty of Westmhjler, and Market* County of Middlesex, which was presented to the J louse upon Saturday la ft, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition l.e referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that, they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Cornice His, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Aldermen Dikin-son. Lord North, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Craster.

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kymston, Sir Cor del Fire brace,

Mr. MedhjccU, Mr. Townshend, Mr. More, Mr. Gore,

A a Colonel

90 140 — 15° 1758.

Colonel A'Court, Mr. Fuller,'\lc. Vijiier, Mr. Cholmlajj Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of I allow

Mr. Lifer, Mr. Lozvndcs, Mr. Page, Sir John Cujt, Mr. imported into England from Ireland, for Seven Years Colleton, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Felloices, Lord £g- last past; distinguishing each Year, together with the 772e/?/, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. iV/cr/ov?, Mr. Heivett, Mr. Amount of the Duties payable thereon; which was pre-Norihcy, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Charles Tawnjhend, Mr. fented to the House upon the 16th Day of A/tf?/ last, be Smith, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Gy I) bon. Sir Charles Mor- referred to the said Committee.

daunt, Mr. Aldwor/h,\h\ Cocks, Mr. Probyn, Mr. EH is, Ordered, That the Account of the Duties on Tallow-

Mr. Fane, Doctor Lee, Mr. liowney, Mr. Anicolts, Mr. imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland Staunton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Nugent, Mr. from Ireland, for Seven Years last past; distinguishing Symonds, Mr* Trf, Mr. Craven, Mr. Foley, Mr. Peachey, each Year; which was presented to the House upon Lord Downe; and all the Members who serve for the the 2 ift Day of June last; be referred to the said Com- Counties of Middtcjex, Surrey, Kent, and Sufjex: And mittee

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Cattle in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend that have been imported into England from the Ijle of for Persons, Papers, and Records. Man, from Christmas 1746 to the 5th January 17/57

distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Corn-Offices A Rill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to mittee. a|u1 qualify themselves so. Offices and Employments; and Then the House resolved itself into the said Com*

mpoyments. indemnify Justicvs of the Peace and others, who mittee.

have omitted to regifier their Qualifications within the Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Tim* limited by Law; and for giving further Time for Mr. Jarrit Smith 100k the Chair of the Committee,

those Purpose>; was read a Second time. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Rtf Feed,! hat the Bill be committed. Mr. Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, That

Resolve 1,1 hat the Bill be committed to a Committee they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them of the ' hole House. referred; and had come to a Refutation; which they

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort- had directed him to repoit; when the House will pleaie rvgin, refobe itself into a Committee of the w hole to receive the same.

House, upon the said Bill. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Wror^ock, Mr. Morton presented to the House, according to Or- Mr Jarrit Smith also acquainted the House, That

K/ad f^er’ a *°l enlarging the Terms and Powers granted he was directed by the Committee to move, that they

a s# by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 24th Year of his may have Leave to lit a gam.

present Map fly's Reign, for enlarging the 'Term and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole

the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and House, to consider further of such Matters as the said

amending the several Roads leading from Woodjtcck, Committee were mltructed to take into Consideration. through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane, and

Enjloxv Bridge, to Kiddinglon aforesaid; and for making And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

the said Act more effectual: And the same was received; Morning, Nine of the Clock,

and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. ——

Member The Order of the Day being read for the Attendance attends, of John Frederick Esquire;

And, the Name of the said Member being called, he appeared.

Importation The f^rder of the Day being read, for the House to of Tallow resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to from Ireland, conhder further of the Petition of several Tallow Chandlers and Dealers in Candles, Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and all the other Tallow Chandlers and Dealers in Candles within this Kingdom; and of the other Matters referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Marine Resolved, That this House will, upon Tliurfday Morn-

Forces ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Regulation. House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majestys Marine Forces while on Shore.

Importation The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the of*Tallow House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole from Ireland. House, to consider further of the Petition of several Tallow' Chandlers and Dealers in Candles, Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and all the other Tallow Chandlers and Dealers in Candles within this Kingdom; and of the other Matters referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the Duties on Candles, within that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year ended 5th July 1756; distingutthtng the Amount of each Collection, and London s be referred to the said Committee,

l9

Mercurii, 15° die Februarii;

Anno 310 Georgii IF1 Regis, 175S. Prayers.

Til E House being informed, that Mr. Tomlyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Tallow that has been imported into England, from Christmas 1746 to 5th January 1757; distinguishing each Year, and the Places from whence imported, together with the Duties that have been paid thereon; And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Tallow that has been exported from England, from Christmas 1746 to 5th January 1757; distinguishing each Year, and the Places to which it has been exported, together with an Account of the Drawback paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts w?ere read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, till the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Petition of several Tallow Chandlers and Dealers in Candles, Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and all the other TalJow Chandlers and Dealers in Candles within this Kingdom, and of the other Matters referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session,

Ordered,

Account; of Tallov import* &c.

31 Geo. II. 15° Februarii. o i

l«d< Ordered, That Sir Robert IIildyard, Mr. Nejl/itt, Sir ^g°n- Lionel Picking ton, Mr. Francis iJelaval\ Mr. Charles way* Tvzvnjhend, Mr. Staunton, be added to the Committee

to whom the Petition of Charles Brandling Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Middleton, and of an undivided Share of the Manor of Hunjlctt, both in the County of York, and of the several Persons, who fe Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Ground, in Leeds,in the said County of York, and in Himjlett afore-faiJ, is referred.

Calder A Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen, Merchants, Navigation. Tratiefmen, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Borough of Nezoark, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making the River Calder navigable from Wakefield to Brookfmouth, and thence, up a Branch of the said River, to Salter Hcbblc Bridge, near Halifax; and alleging, that the making the said River navigable to Wakefield, in pursuance of an Act of the ioth and nth of King William, hath been of great Advantage; and that the extending of the said Navigation up to Salter Ilebble Bridge would be of much further Use and Advantage: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and others. Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of II a-' lifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Endowment Mr. Henry Fane reported from the Committee, to of the whom the Bill for transferring certain South Sea Annu-Fifry new ities, Handing in the Name of the late Treasurer to the Churches. Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches, to Trustees, for the Benefit of the Rectors of Eight of those Churches; and for veiling certain Sites for Churches purchased by the said Commissioners, in order to sell the same for the Purposesin the said Bill to be mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfactionofthc Committee; awl that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report, in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Westminster The House was moved, That the Petition of the fe-Fish-Marker, veral Fishermen trading to Billingsgate, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves and all others the Fiihcrmcn trading to that Market; which was presented to the House upon Saturday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord Strange, Mr. Willes, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Lezvis, Mr. Swymmer, Mr. Affleck, Sir John Cast, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Ridley, Mr. More, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Nor they, Sir William Beauchamp Vol. 28.

Proctor, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Francis Drake, Mr, Morgan,

Mr. Chester, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Willey, Mr. Gore, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fane, Mr. Medlycolt, Sir John Glynn,

Mr. Gajhry, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Trist,

Mr. Symmonds, Mr. Fox, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Boone,

Mr. Felloives, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Lyjier, Mr. Nezvnluim, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hayward, Air.

Sandys> Mr. Stanley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fairfax, Mr.

Smith, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Proiife; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex,

Kfiex, Surrey, Kent, and Sut/exj the Cinque Ports, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air. James Campbell presented to the House, accord- Edinburgh, ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers &c-granted by an Act:, of the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, an Act for repairing the Poll Road from the City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, from the Boathouse Ford on Almond Water, and from thence to the Town of Linlith-gozv, andfromthesaidTownto Falkirk, and from thence to Stirling; and also front Falkirk to Kylfyth, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, on the Poll Road to the City of Glasgozv ,*and for buildinga Bridge cross Almond Water:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Alayor, Justices of the Peace, Alder- chawtou men, Sheriff, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and other Gentlemen Pond to and Inhabitants of the Town and County of South amp- Gofporc ton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was present- Roai1,

ed to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for lepairing and widening the High Roads from the Town 0iGosport, throughFareham, BG shops Waltham, and the City of Winchester, to Stock-bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from the said City, through Otterborn, to the said Town and County of Southampton', which Petition, these Petitioners allege, was prepared without any previous Consultation with the Gentlemen and Inhabitants of that Town and County, and brought thither and signed by a few Persons there; and that these Petitioners have no Objection to the having the said Road,leading from the said City to Southampton, repaired and widened by the Aid of Parliament; but as the said Road has no Sort of Connexion with the other Roads in the said Petition mentioned, thpy apprehend it highly reasonable, that the Tolls ari-sing on the said Road between Winchester and Southampton should be applied to the Repairs of that Road only; and that the Meetings of the Trustees, for put- , ting in Execution so much of the said AS as relates to the said Road, lliould be held occasionally, as well at Southampton ns at Winchester; and that no Turnpike should be erected on that Road, whereby Persons, travelling only a few Furlongs thereon, may be compelled to any Tolls; that the chief Road leading into the said Town of Southampton, is through the Gate called Barg ate, being Part of the said Road from Winchester; and that, about Six Furlongs from the said Bargate, a considerable Highway, leading through Rockstone Lane to the said Town of Southampton, falls into the said Road leading from Winchester; and that the obliging Persons, coming through the said Lane, to contribute to the Repairs of the said Road from Winchester, for passing scarce Six Furlongs thereon, would be a very greatHard-ship: And therefore praying the House to take the Pre-miles into Consideration; and that, in case such Bill pass into a Law, Provision may therein be made, that the whole Road from Winchester to Southampton, may be repaired; that the Tolls arising thereon may be applied to the Repairs of that Road only, and in paying Alonies borrowed for, and applied in,those Repairs, under sufficient Penalties, to prevent any Misapplicatign; that the Trustees

Chaw ton Pend to Go inert Road.

Brixton Small Debts.

Kew

Bridge.

15° Februa

M. 1758.

tees for repairing that Road be obliged to hold their Meetings alternately at Wineheficr and Southampton; that noTurtipike Gate be erected cross the Way leading from liockstone Lane to Bargate, nor at any Place within Three Miles of the said Bargate; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the several Townships, Villages, and Places, called North Stoneham, South Stoneham, Bishops Stokey slid brook, Twijford, Bo'ley, Swath ling Wejb End, and Alli'igton, situate on the London Road leading from Alresford, through Twy-ford, to Southampton, and on the several Roads leading horn PortJ'mouth, G of port. Fareham, and Waltham, through Litchfield and But ley, and from divers other Places, to Southampton aforesaid, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the erecting a Toll-gate between the said Rochflone Lane and Southampton would be a very great Hardship on the Petitioners, and all others pading through the said Lane with Horses and Wheel Carriages: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that, in case such a Bill pass into a Law, Pro/ifion may be made therein, that no Turnpike or Toll-gate be erected between the said Rockjto\ie Lane and Southampton, or that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premiles, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to t he Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Southampton, is referred: And they are to examine the Matters of thefe Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them,to the House.

The House was moved, That the Petition of I lie Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and Manufacturers, residing within the Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrty, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which waspresented to the House upon Saturday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read: And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Fane, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller y Mr. More, Lord Verney, Mr. If a con. Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Townshend, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Sh elley, Mr. V?mon, Mr. Wjh He, Dost 0 rlla y, Mr. Kynaston, Sir George Montgomerie Met ham, Mr, Lyster, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Fellozvcs, Mr. Chester, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Trist, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Grey, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. John Yorlce, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hayward, General Cornwallis, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Baynlun, Mr. Thoroion, Mr. Smith, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Gafiiry, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Powell, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Bconc, Mr. Finch, Mr: Brudenell, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Amcotts, Mr% Vansittart, Lord Malpas; and all the M embers w ho serve for the Counties of'Surrey, Kent., and Suffer: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. George Onslow prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the River of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rffolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating (he Manner of Jicenfing Aiehouses in Cities and Towns Corporate within that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Sir Willoughby Aston, Sir John Philipps, the Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Hezvelt, Mr. Nicholson Calvert, and Mr. Alderman Bedford, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord George Sackville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers, granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent: And the same was receiv ed; and read the First time;

Rffolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Jarrit Smith, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred toconsider further of the Petition of several Tallow Chandlers and Dealers in Candles, Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and all the other Tallow Chandlers and Dealers in Candles, within this Kingdom; and of the ether Matters referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refdved, yhat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable on the Importation of Tallow from Ireland do cease and determine for a limited Time.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Nugent, the Earl of Egmont, Sir Ellis Cun-life, Mr. Pole, and Mr. Kynaston, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petit ion of the Merchants, Clothiers, and Dealers in the Woollen Manufacture, livingin or near the Town of Leeds, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill to make the River Colder navigable from Wakefield to Salter Hebble; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that if the said Bill Should pals into a Law, the same would be very prejudicial to the Cloathing Trade of that Country: And therefore praying such Relief against the said Bill, as to the House Shall seem meet.

A Petition of Sir Lionel Pilkington Baronet, Edward Darby, and John Greenzvood, was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the said Application, and setting forth, That, the Petitioners aro Owners and Proprietors of several Mills of considerable Value, situate pti the said River, between Wakefield and Salter Hebble Bridge, which have been maintained and improved at a very great Expence; and alleging, that. Should the said Bill pass into a Law, as prayed for, it will greatly affect the several Properties of the Petitioners, and be highly prejudicial to the Cloathing Trade of that Country: And therefore praying, that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel, against the said Petition, or have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petitic 11 of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

The

Regulating

Alehouse

JLiceofes.

Dover

Harbour.

Importation

cf Tallow from Ireland,

Calder

Navigation,

Ditto;

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Chatteris,

&c.

Drainage.

Embden East India Company enabled to fella Ship.

31 Geo. II. 150 — 1(

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Rtjblved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 16° die Februarii;

Anno 31° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758. Prayers.

THE Lord Royftcn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and having Right of Common 011 the Commons and commonable Parts lying in the several Parities of Chatteris and Dodding'on, and in the Hamlet of Wimblington, within the Jjle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Land-owners and Commonvrs there, was re ferred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet n; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Paritlies of Chatteris and Doddington, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge: And that the Lord Royfton, Mr. Jenynf, and the Marquis of Granby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George A my and and John Anthony Rucker, of London, Merchants, Agents for the Embden East India Company, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the I louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Ship Prince Ferdinand of Prussia, one of the said Company’s Ships, bound from China to Embden, arrived at Plymouth in September laic.

There was produced to your Committee a Paper, intituled, " Lloyd'* Lift, September 16;" whereby it appeared, that the Ship Prince Ferdinand of Prussia arrived at Plymouth on the 1 ith of September 175 7.

And the said Member also informed your Committee, That the said Ship had Orders to remain at Plymouth, which also appeared by several Letters produced to your Committee, till the Place of her Discharge could be known, Embden being then in the Hands of an Enemy.

Then there was produced to your Committee a Power of Attorney from the Directors of the AJiatick Company, together with a Confirmation of the fame, under the Great Seal of the King of Prussia, and %ned by his special Order, by the proper Officers of State, together with a Transition thereof, attested by a. Notary Public, impounding the said Messieurs Amy and and Rucker to fell the said Ship and Cargo.

And the said Member further informed your Committee, That the said Agents have agreed with the EaJl Lidia Company for the Purchase of the said Cargo, and VOL. 28.

0 Februarii. 93

produced to your Committee a Letter, dated 9th February 1758, from Mr.....Cole, Solicitor to the East India Company, to George Amyand Esquire, from which it appeared, that the said Agreement had been made with the Committee of Corresponden’ce of the said Company, and the Draught of the same ordered to be ingrossed.

Then an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " encreasing and encouraging of Shipping and Navigation and also an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, " An Adfc " to relirain the making Insurances on foreign Ships " bound to or from the East Indies f were read.

And the House being informed, That, in purfuunce of the Agreement mentioned in the said Petition, a Contract had been executed between the Petitioners and the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the Sale of the Cargo mentioned in the said Petition to the said Company, an original Instrument for that Purpose, under the Seal of the said Company, was delivered in to the House;

The said Instrument was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable George Amyand and John Anthony Rucker of London, Merchants, Agents for the Embden East India Company, to fell the Cargo of the Ship the Prince Ferdinand of Prussia to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and to enable the said Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to import into this Kingdom the said Cargo, and to sell and dispose of the fame, and to impower the said George Amyand and John Anthony Rucker to make Insurances upon the said Ship and Cargo: And that Mr. OJxvald, Mr. Henry Fane, and Sir Richard Lloyd, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow be added to the Gentlemen, w ho are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for regulating the Manner of lice tiling Alehouses' in Cities and Towns Corporate within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do extend the Provisions of the said Bill to Boroughs within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Amcotts presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Slone in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry in the County of Lincoln: And the same was receive d; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The House being informed. That the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields in Great Glen, in the County of Leicester, called the Upper or North End Fields, and, alt the common Pastures, common Meadows, and common and w.afte Grounds, within the same Fields, is committed, had adjourned from Friday I act to Saturday next.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to lit, notwithstanding the said Adjournment of the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Merchants, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, whole Names are thereunto fufife ribed, was prefciued to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition has been presented to the H mfe, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making the River Culler navigable from Wakefield to Brookfmouthy and thence, up a Branch of the said River, to Salter Hebble Bridge, near Halifax; and alleging, that the making of the said River navigable to Wakefield, 111 pursuance of an Act of the iothand nth of King William, hath bee# of great B b Advantage

"Regulating

Alehouses

Licenses.

Donlngtoti High Bridge Roads.

Adjournment.

Great Glen Inclosure.

Calder

"Navigation.

94

16° — 2o° Februarii

A. 1758.

Tiverton

Ro«is.

African

Company.

Advantage; and that the extending of the said Navigation of Sower by Bridge would be of much further Advantage: And therefore praying, That a Bill to extend the Navigation to Sozccrby Bridge aforesaid, under such Regulations, and in fuel) Manner, as to the House shall seem meet, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lideratio!) of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and others. Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as. it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for amending several Roads leading from the Tow n of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Ryder, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Clev land, Mr. Vaughan, Mr, Boulton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Butler, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Pryce Campbell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Duff, Mr. Daivnay, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jones, Mr. Harbord% Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cooke,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Shelley, Mr.' Bacon, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Townshend, Mr. More, Mr. Ojbal-diflon, Sir John Turner, Mr. Crajler, Lord North, Mr. Pelham, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Yorke, Sir John Armitage, Mr. Newnham, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Oswald, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Which cot, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Wilkes, Lord Strange, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Smith, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Grenville, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Walter, Sir Roger Nezv-digate, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Alderman Dick-inf on, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Morton, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fane, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Page, Lord Verney, Mr. Prowse, Colonel A Court, Mr. Harris ,* and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Anno 1757 —

" the Account of the Committee of the Company of " Merchants trading to Africa, distinguishing every Article of Expence under its proper Title," be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to consider of the several Papers, Reports, Surveys, and Drawings, relating to the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, which have been referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the said Paper; and state the Matters therein contained, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa do lay before this House, Copies of the Letters they have received from their Servants in Africa, advising them of any Repairs done to the Forts and Settlements there, from the Time the Committee had Possession of them, to the Arrival of Justly Watson Esquire on that Coast.

of York, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred. That they do admit Counsel to he heard, before the said Committee, upon the Petition of Sir Lionel Pilkington Baronet, Edward Darby, and John Greenwood, referred to the said Committee, if the said last mentioned Petitioners think fit to be heard by their Counsel.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, upon the said Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the West Hiding of the County of York, and the Parts adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed.

Ordered, That it bean instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Allize thereof, is committed. That they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Assize

of

Bread,

Recruiting

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of Land 1<orces* his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the 'whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, of thisSession of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1758; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be assessed upon Somerset House in the Strand;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for allowing to the Receivers of Aids granted to his Majesty by a Land Tax, for the Years 1755, 1756, 1757, 1758, a further Time to enable them to set lnfuper, or charge any County, Division, or Place, in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for any Monies granted by the said Acts, which shall be in Arrear and unpaid.

Refulved, That thisHouse will,upon Tuesday Morning next, Tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty's marine Forces while on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hunter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hunter reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

l>rd Tax

Ociv.aifiiouen.

Marine

Forces

Regulation,

Importation of Tallow

Mr. Jury it Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill,to discontinue, for aTime to be limited, from Ireldr. . the Duties payable upon"Fallow imported from Ireland: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Calder Ordered, That it be an instruction to the Committee,

Navigation, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County 20

Luna?) 20° die Februarii;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758. Prayers.

f\R DERED, That it be an instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and for

givifig

Office*

and

Employment

Northleigh

(nclosure.

Cirencester

to

Cricklade

Road,

Calder

Navigation.

Chawton Pond to Gosport Road.

31 Geo. II.

giving furtherTime for thofePurposes; is committed, That theyhavePower to receive a Clause, or Clauses, forallow-ing furtherTime for making and filing Affidavits of the Execution of Contrabfcs of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Sir Edward Turner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, called Northleigh Common Fields, and a Common or Waste, called Northleigh Heath, within the Parish or Township of Northleigh, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hanger presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gbucefier, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the Firli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Cloth-dressers, Wool-ftaplers, Dyers, and other Dealers and Makers of Broad and Narrow Cloth, Shalloons, and Stuffs, residing in the Town of Wakefield, in the West Hiding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for extending the Navigation up the River Colder, from Wakefield to Brookfmouth, and from thence to SalterHebble Bridge near Halifax; which, if passed into a Law in the Manner proposed, the Petitioners apprehend will be very prejudicial to the great and flourifhingTrade and Manufactories carried on in the said West Riding: And therefore praying to have fuel) Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and others. Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the ‘West Riding of the County of York, and the Parts adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And t hat they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Corporation, of the City of Winchester, in the Guildhall of the same City assembled, on behalf of themselves, and all other the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners observe, in the Votes of this House, that Three several Petitions have been presented in the Names of several Gentlemen of the County of Southampton, for Leave to bring in Three several Bills, one for repairing and widening the Roads from Chaiv-ton, near Alton, in the said County, through Droxford, Wickham, and Fareham, to Gosport, in the said County; another for repairing and widening the Roads from Gof port aforesaid, through Fareham and Wickham aforesaid, and through Bishop's Waltham and the City of Winchef ter, to the Town of Stockbridge, in the said County, and from Winchester, through Otterborn, to the Town and County of Southampton; and the other for repairing and widening the Roads fromfrrt/^07*/ aforesaid, through Fareham, Wickham, and Bishop's Waltham aforesaid, and through Kilmafion and Roplcij Dean, to Alton, in the said County; and letting forth, That the Road from Gosport, through Fareham and Wickham, to the South End of Sherrill Heath, is included in all Three Petitions; and that the Road from Shen'iU Heath, through Bishop's Waltham, and about Half a Mile further, is included in the Two last mentioned Petitions; and that the Road branching oft* from the South Raft End of Sherrill Heath to Alton, through Droxford, is in fact little better than anarrowBy-road,andleadiugthrough severaldirty,miry, and watery, small Villages, and not through any One MarketTown, and will require an irnmc nfe Sum to make a good andlaftingRoad,beingupwards of Twenty Miles Vol. 28.

95

in Length: And therefore praying the Ltoufe to take the Premises into Consideration, and order that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Gosport, through Fareham^ Wickham, and Bishop's Waltham, to the City of Winchester, and from the City of Winchester to Stockbridge, where it will join the great Western Turnpike Road; and from the City of Winchester to the Town and County of Southampton:\ and that a Clause or Clauses, may be inserted in the said Bill, that all the Monies to be collected on the Road between Gof nor I and Winchester be applied for the Repairs of that Road only, and for the Payment of any Monies that shall be borrowed for such Repairs; and that all the Monies to be collected on the Road between Winchester and Stockbridge, be applied for the Repairs of that Road only, and for the Payment of any Monies that shall be borrowed for such Repairs; and that the Monies to be collected on the said Road from Winchester to Southampton be applied for the Repairs of that Road only, and for the Payment of any Monies that shall be borrowed for the Repairs of that Road; and that if the Road branching oft* from the South East End of Sherrill Heath, through Droxford, to Chawton, shall be included in the said Bill, that the Monies to be collefred on that Branch be applied for the Repairs of such Branch only, and for the Payment of any Monies that shall be borrowed for repairing the fame; and that the Petitioners may have such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem m< et.

Ordered,'rhat the said Petition be referred to the Coti-sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, arid Inhabitants, of the County of Southampton, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town ancLParifli of Crediton, and of the several Parishes of Upton Helions, Shobrooke, and Thorverton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House, for repairing and amending the High Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, to and through the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, and from Tiverton to Crediton Forches; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that the foie Design of extending the said Road to Crediton Forches, is, to give the Trustees a Pretence for fettingup a Toll-gate near the Town of Crediton, whereby the several Parishioners of Shobrooke, Upton Helions, Thoixerton, and the neighbouring Parishes, will be burthened with paying a Toll, when they can have no Benefit of travelling upon a Turnpike Road, there being very little of the Road intended to be repaired, between the several Parishes aforesaid and Crediton Town; and that the Petitioners, the Parishioners of Crediton, have laid out above £.150, within Three Years last past, in widening and repairing the Roads leading almost all through their Parish, from the Town of Crediton towards Tiverton; and that the same is now in very good Repair, and almost as good as any Turnpike Road in this Kingdom; and that as the Roads are to be repaired progressively from Tiverton, the Petitioners apprehend they can have no Benefit of having any Roads, through their several Parishes, repaired by this Bill: And as it will be of the greatest Detriment to the Town of Crediton, to make the several Parishes, bringing their Commodities to Crediton Town and Market pay a Toll, when they can only travel a very few Land Yards on aTurnpikeRoad already widened and repaired at the Expence of the Parish, therefore praying. That the Trustees in the said Pill, if the same shall pass intoa Law, may be prevented from erecting or felting up any Gate, or taking any Toll, within Two Miles from the d own of Crediton.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to th£ Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

r A Bill

200 FebruariL

Tiverton

Koadi.

o6 20° Februarii. A. 1758-

W.i Bridge A Bill for repairing the high Road leading from Brent Eoads. Bridge, in the Pari 111 of South Brent, in the County of Devon, through the Parishes of *SW// Brent, Ugborough, Harford, Ermington, Plympton Saint Mary, Plympton Maurice, Egg Buclland, and the Ty thing of Compton G{fford, to Gaffing Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Tozvn/hend, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Charlton, Mr. George Onslow, Lord Bateman, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lyfler, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Amyaiid, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Daw nay, Mr. Wilkes, Sir James Creed, Mr. West, Mr. Gore, Mr. Trifl, Mr. More, Mr. Archer, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Fane, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Ba-got, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Cornewall, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pole, Sir Ellis Cunlijfe, Mr. Olmius, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Delaval, Lord Middleton, Mr. Rid-le //, S i r Willi a m Branch a mpProdlor, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Earle, Mr. Cocks, Lord Downe, Mr. Amcotts, Sir CharlesKemys Tynie, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Symmonds, Mr. Grey, Mr. Rozv-ney, Mr. Hill, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hunt, SirEdmund Isham, Mr. Foncreau, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Prciife, Mr. Affleck, Sir Roger Nezcdigate, Mr. Ward, Sir Thomas Palmers and all the Alemhers who serve lor the Counties of Devon, Cormvall, Some?jet, and Do?jet: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dr. Butler Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to thanked. the Reverend Doctor Butler, for the Sermon by him preached on Friday last, before this.House, at Saint Margaret's, Westm infer, and that hebedefired to print the fame; and that Mr. Charles Tow??j1?cnd of Yarmouth and Sir John Turner do acquaint him therewith.

Kcw A Bill to amend an Act, passed in the iaft Session of Bridge. Parliament, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge, or Bridges, cross the River of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Parish'of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fellozves, Air.West, Mr. Earle, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordawit, Mr. Doicnay, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More, Mr. Go?'c, AT\\Stanla), S\vJolin Cufl,l\Ir. Smith, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Vernon, Lord Digby, Mr. Gybbon, Air.Thorolou, Mr. Vy?ier, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Calvert, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Peachey, Mr. White, Mr. Filler, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Potter, Lord Malp as, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Alderman Diclcinfoji, Mr. Walter, Mr. Prow ft. Air. Gibbons, Mr. Digby, Air, Fan ere an, Mv.Leslie, Mr. Townshend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlefer', Surrey, Kent, and Suffer: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dover A Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted Harbjur. and continued by several Act$ of Parliament, for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, was read a Second time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Sackville, Mr. Charlton, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Wit-fdnjimfiw Francis Poole, Mi*. Earle, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Jones, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gybbon, Colonel George Bof-cawen, Mr. Hunter, General Sinclair, Mr. West, Colonel John Bofcawen, Mr. Dawnay, Mr. Leslie, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ky?iaflon, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Oswald, Mr Chetwynd, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Sir John Turner, Mr. Moi'e, Lord MiddleUm, Mr. Hanger, Lord Panmure, Mr: Pitt, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Gajhiy, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Proufe, Lord F^nont, Mr. Lyfler, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Colebrooke,

Mr. Pole, Mr. A?ncotts, Lord Downe, Air, Peachey, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir Cordel Fire-brace, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Barrozv, Mr. Finch , and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Suffer, and Surrey; and for the Cinque Ports:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield Leeds in the County of York, was' read a Second time. &c*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Downe, oad‘ Air. Dazvnay, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Cufl, Mr. George O?ifloxv, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fuller, Air.

Hanger, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Elliott, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hamilton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gore,

Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Jones, Mr. More, Mr. Edge-cumbe. Air. Thorat on, Mr. IIunter, Mr. West, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Vyner, Air.

Or after, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Earle, Sir Charles Mor daunt,

Mr. Fellowes, Lord Bateman, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Lyfler,

Air. Trifl, Mr. Symmonds, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fo?iereau,

Air. Pitt, Sir John Glynn, Mr. I Valter, Mr. Amcotts,

Air. Smith, Lord Egmont, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Cordel Fire-brace, Mr. Bowes, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Ba?ikes,

Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Grenville, Colonel A'Court,

Air. Bathwfl, Lord Verney, Mr. Aldzcorih, Mr. Powell,

Air. Champion, Mr. Potter, Mr. Finch; and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumbei'la/id, Cumberland, West.morla?id, and La?i-caster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Fiv$ of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Donington Donington High Bridge to Hale D?'ove, and to the Eighth High Bridge Alile Stone, in the Parish of Wig toft, and to Langret Roat*s’ Ferry, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Amcotts,

Si ^Richard Warwick Bampfylcle, Mr. Vyner junior, Mr.

Northey, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Dq/hzvood, Air Boone,

Sir Charles Kemys Tyntc, Mr. Calvert, Sir John MoleJ-worth, Mr. Hobart, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Pyt/f,

Air. Ridley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Barrow,

Air. Cooke, Mr. Barry, Mr. More, Mr. Poore, Sir Willoughby Allo?i, Mr. Harley, Mr. Chester, Mr. Drake,

Mr. Bacon, Lord Bateman, Mr. Delaval, Lord Strange,

Air. Walter, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Cufl,

Mr. Potter, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Smith, Lord Verney,

Mr. Finch, Afr. Powell, Mr. Bow ney, Mr. Bankes, Air.

Affleck, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Gajhry, Air.

Lyfler, Lord Malpas, Mr. Foncreau, Mr. Popham,

Sir William Codri?igfon, Mr. Yorke, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Hayzvard, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Campbell,

Lord Caiysfort, Mr. Harris; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Fivfe of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, That Air. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A11 Account of the Quantity or Number of raw Accounts of Hides that has been imported into Englandfvom Christ- . Hide®

mas 1746 to 5 January 1757; distinguishing each Year, imPortc<k and the Places from whence imported, together with the Duties that have been paid thereon: And also.

An Account of the'Quantity or Number of raw Calf Skins that has been imported into England, from C/irifl-mas 1746 to 5 Ja?mary 1757; distinguishing each Year, and the Places from whence imported, together with the Duties that have been paid thereon: And also.

An Account of the Value of Tanners Bark that hath Tanners been exported from England, from Christmas 1746 to 5 Bark Jamiaiy 1757; distinguishingeach Year, and the Places 'cx^wceef. to which the same has been exported.

Aud then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts tvere read.

Ordei'ed,


Marine

Forces

Regulation.

Durvior of

Parliaments.

Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

Supply.

Ways nd Means.

1 o* — 21 FebruanL

97

i Geo. II.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Laws which prohibit the Importation of Cattle from Ireland, and of the Duties upon Skins and Hides imported into Great Britain, so far as the same relates to Skins and Hides imported from Ireland.

The laid Accounts are preserved araongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hunter, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

vfrith the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questioto. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hefe CqjpeLy in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty, for Sixty Days, from the 25th Day of December 1757 to the 22d Day of February 1758, both days inclusive.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Estimnte of Hdle Caflel Troops*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Troops of the Landgrave of II (fie Cafiel, in the.PayofGreat Britain, pursuant to Treaty, for Sixty Days, from the 25th Day of December 1757 to, the 22d Day of February 1758, both Days inclusive. - ,

.: v i £. ' *. d.

60 Days German Pay for 2,120 Cavalry, with General and Stkff Officers; and Officers of the*

Hospital.....- - - - - 10,477 — 2

60 Days German Pay for 9,900 Infantry, with the Officers, and others, belonging to the Train

of Artillery - - ! - - - 18,984 3 2

60 Days ordinary Subsidy, at the Rate of 225,000 Crowns a Year - - - - 8,899

- Total 385360 19 jo|;

War!Office, 20th February 1758*

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

’The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time of Continuance of Parliaments, appointed by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for shortening the Term and Duration, of future Parliaments;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yp'is 5Tile Lor<I Strange, 7

.tellers lor tnexeas, |Sip john: S 74'

L, VT VThe Earl of Egmont, 7

Tellers for the Noes,| potteru J I9°*

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refilled, That this House will,'upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furl her of the Laws which prohibit the Importat ion of Cattle from Ireland, and of the Duties upon Skins and Hides imported from Great Britain, so far as the same relate to Skins and Hides imported from Ireland.

Refokcd, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Refilled, That this IToufe will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

Ol». 2k>.

whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 21° die Februarii;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

A PE TIT I ON of the principal Owners and Oc- Calder cupiers of Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Here- Navigation^ ditaments, in or near the several Towns of Orbury,

Offett, Thornhill, Deicsbury, Mirfield, Clifton, and High-town, in the West Riding of the County of York, and upon, adjoining, and lying near to, the River Calder, between Horbimj aforesaid and Halifax, in the said Riding, on behalf of themselves, and all other the Owners and Occupiers of Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in and near to the same Towns, and upon, adjoining, and lying near to, the said River, between Horbury aforesaid and Halifax aforesaid, and also of all Merchants, Traders, and Dealers in Cloth, living in the said several Towns of Horbuiy, Oficlt,

Thornhill, Dewsbury, Mirfield, Clifton, and Hightown aforesaid, and Parts adjacent, whole Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the making of the Rivers Air and Calder navigable, in pursuance of an Act of the 10th and 1 ith Years of King William, hath been of great Advantage; and that the extending of the said Navigation from Wakefield to Brookfmouth, and thence up to Salter Hebble Bridge, would be of further Advantage; and taking Notice of a Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Halifax, presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for that Purpose: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring* in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Halifax; and that such Bill may pass into a Law, under such Regulations, and in such Sort, as to the House ftialJ feemmost proper.

C c A Petition.

9$

Calder A Petition of the Merchants, Makers, Dressers, Wool-Navigation. Spiers, Manufacturers, and Traders, in Wool and broad and narrow Woollen Cloth, refid in# and living in or near the Towus of Birftal, Hatley, Dewjhury, Heckmondwicke, Hightoxyn, Heaton, Little/oxen. Great and Little Gomcr-£?///, Mir field, and other Villages, adjacent to the River Calder, betwixt Wakefeldtmd Halifax, in the West Riding of tilt? County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, Thatthe Petitioners are informed, that Leave has been given to bring in a Petition to make the said River navigable from Wakefield to Eland, and from thence to Halifax; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if the said Petition should be granted, and become a Law, the same w.ilj be very prejudicial and destructive to the very valuable and growing Manufacture of Cloth in that Part of the Kingdom: The Petitioners therefore humbly pray, Xc.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred tC the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the CJoanty of York, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

frirmfhghash Sir Charles Mar daunt reported from the Committee, an<* to whom, the Petition of the Trustees, whose ^ames are Road! thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees for putting in execution Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the 18th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the last of which is intituled, An Act for continuing, amending, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham to Edghill, in the County of Warwick, and of the Creditors under the said Acts, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said Acts were read: And By the Accounts produced, it appeared, that there is a Debt of £.5,328 for Principal and Interest on the Tolls collected on the Road from Birmingham, through Warwick to Warmington, and a Debt of about £.115.011 the l olls collected between Birmingham and Ilenly in Arden, and a Debt of £.1,243 upon the Tolls between Ilenly and Edghill.

Mr. John Id myth and Mr Salufbmy Goode fX reafurers to the Trustees, and Mr. John Green, One of the Clerks to the Trustees, said. That the Money owing, and also the Tolls collected on the said Roads, have been duly applied; notwithstanding which, great Part of the said Roads Hill remains in a ruinous Condition; and that it will be impossible effectually to repair the fame, and repay the Money now due on the Credit of the said Acts, unless the Tolls thereby granted are augmented, and the Terms and Powers further enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iu a Bill to continue and render more effectual Two Acts, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the 18th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Birmingham to Edghill, in the County of Warwick: And that Sir Chaises Mor daunt, Mr. Kyiwfton, Mr. Craven, and Mr. Archer, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Bounty on A Bill for prohibiting the Payment of the Bounty Com upon the Exportation of Com, unless sold at a lower exported. prjce> than js allowed in an Act of the First Year of 18

A. 1758.

the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whale House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Tiverton Counties of Devon and Somerset, was presented to the Road*. House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; and setting forth, that the Road from Borough Comer, in the Parish of Halberton, through the Parishes of Halberton, Butterleigh, and Cullumpton, to a Place called Burnajord otherwise BunnivaVs Cross, in the Parishes of Cullumpton and Bradninch; and also the Road from the Way Post or North East End of Len-nard Moor, in the Parish of Burlefcombe, in the Road between the Town of Tiverton and the White Ball ill the Parish of Sandford Arundell, in the County of Somerset, through the several Parishes of Burlefcombe, Halberton,

Willand, and Cullumpton, to the Town of Cullumpton, in the County of Devon; are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being:

And therefore praying, That Provition may be made, in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said Roads, in fiicli manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ryder, Mr. Gere, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Medlycolt, Mr George Onslow, Mr. Prowse, Mr .'Champion, Mr. Amcotts, Mr.

Olmius, Mr. Kynaston, Mr GaJ/ny, MwTownJhend, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Jennings, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Buller, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Smith,

Sir John Armitage, Mr. Hill, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. More,

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Symmons,

Mr. Delaval, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Gybbon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset j Ana they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Parishioners of the Parishes of Wi- Ditto. theridge, Templeton, East Worlingion, Thelbridge, West Worlington, C/ieldon, Ckazoley, Lapford, and Chulmleigh, intheCounty of Devon, was also presented to the House, and read;takingNotice, Thata Petition from the Mayor, Recorder, capital Burgesses, and A Aidants, in the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the said County, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, reading in and near the said Town and Parish, has been presented to the House; and setting forth, that the Road leading from Tiverton to South Motion, byRackenford, is intended to be repaired; and that the Road leading from Tiverton aforesaid to Chulmleigh, and from thence to Bideford, Torrington, and Slupwash, 1 VoolfardiJworthy. Hart land, and others, even to the Land's End, is omitted; and that this Road is in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in Force: And therefore praying, That Provision be made, in the Bill, lor amending the said Road: And alleging, that by the Petition from Tiverton, if approved of, the Petitioners will be obliged to pay the Tolls for repairing the said Roads leading from Tiverton to South Motion, though they do not pass ahoveTwo Miles thereon: And therefore praying.

That the Road leading to Chulmleigh, through the Pa-riflies of Tiverton, Calverleigh, Templeton, and Cruwys Morchard, as far as a Place called No Mans Land, between the Parishes of Cruwys Morchard and Wifheridge, being about Eight Miles from Tiverton, may be included

in

2i° Febru

99

Wood dock. Sec. Road®.

Writs

Habeas

Corpus.

Call of the Hoofe.

Land Tax

Cwn.nUf.or.cn


31 Geo. II. ii® — 22*

in the intended Act; and that tbfc Petitioners rrt&yhtive such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred. And thabthey do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, fcsit shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 24th Year of hii present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodfiock, through Kidding ton and Enftone, to Roltright Lane, and Enjtow Bridge, to Kidding ton aforesaid; and for making the said Act more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morton, Mr. Gore, LordBarnard, Mr. Medlycott.SirJohn Glynne, Mr. Lewis, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Lee, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hujey, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hanger, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Rozmey, Sir John Cust, Mr. II igley, Mr; Whit-Shed, Mr. Bankes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Butler, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Fane, Marquis of Winchester, Mr. Brudenel!, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Fanshaw, Mr. Vyner, Mr. D&ivney, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Aldivorth, Mr. Sandys, Mr* Fellows, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Foncreau, Mi4. Qlmius, Mr. More, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Barrozv, Mr; Hardinge, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Calvert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Glou-tester, Worcester, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, Nemine ddntradieetite, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for giving a more speedy Remedy to the Subject, upon the Writ of Habeas Corpus.

Ordered, That Sir John Cust., Mr. Hujfey, Mr. Attorney General, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Grenville, and Mr. Bowes, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance of George Trehy Esquire;

And the Name of the said Member being called, he appeared.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance of the honourable Benjamin Bathurst Esquire;

A Certificate, under the Hand of the said Mr. Bathurst's Physician, certifying that the said Mr. Bathurst is ill at the Bath, and not able to attend the Service of the House, being communicated to the House;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Bathurst have Leave to flay at the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance of Benjamin Bathurst Esquire;

And the Name of the said Member being called, he appeared.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, uponThi/rfdayMom-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, of this Selhon of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a I.and lax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be at Veiled upon Somerjbt House in the Strand.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Yol. 2$.

Februarii.

Mercuriiy 2 2° die Februarii;

Anno 3i* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1758.

iPftA YERS.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Forrester, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty on wrought Plate, from the Commencement thereof, to Midjiimmer last, distinguilliing each Year. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other , ~ Papers of this Session.

Mr. Wilkinson presented to the House, according tQ Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing andinclosing the open common Fields,cornmon Meadow, Commons, and waste Grounds, in the Townflnps oI Bromplon and Sazvden, in the Parish of Brampton, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Doctor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Addresses to his Majesty,

1. Copy of a Letter from Captain John Weller, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the AJfiftance, to Mr. Clevland, dated the 21st May 1757:

2. The State and Condition of Cape Coast Castle, on the Gold Coast of Africa:

3. The State and Condition of Winnebah Fort, on the Gold Coast of Africa:

4. The State and Condition of Annamaboe Fort, on the Gold Coast of Africa:

5. The State and Condition of Tantumquerry Fort, on the Gold Coast of Africa:

6. The State and Condition of the English Fort at Dickfcove, on the Gold Coast of Africa:

7. The State and Condition of Succondee Fort, on the Gold Coast of Africa:

8. The State and Condition of Commcnda Fort, on the Gold Coast of Africa:

9. The State and Condition of William Fort at Why-dah, on the Gold Coast of Africa;

10. The State and Condition of Vernon Fort at Prampram, on the Gold Coast of Africa:

11. The State and Condition of James Fort at Accra, on the Gold Coast of Africa:

ii. The State and Condition of James Fort, in the River Gambia:

13. The State and Condition of the Fort at Bance Island, in the River Sierra Leon in Africa: And also, N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Captain Thomas Pye, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Humber, to Mr. Clevland, dated the 18th March 1749-50:

2. Copy of a Letter from the Council of Cape Coast to Captain Thomas Pye, of his Majesty’s Ship the Humber, mentioned in his Letter of the 18 th March 1749-50:

3. Copy of a Certificate from the principal Inhabitants and Cabofeers, of the 1 own of Cape Coast, of the good Conduct of Richard Stockwell Esquire, their late Governor, mentioned in Captain Pye's Letter of the 18th March 1749-50:

4. An Account of the State and Condition of the Fort at Winnebah:

5. An Account of the State and Condition of James Island, in the River Gambia:

6. An

Account of . Dut/ on Plate.

Brompton

Inclosure.

African Forts and Settlements

ioo 22° — 23 F175^-

N° 6. An Account of the State and Condition of the Fort at Accra:

7. An Account of the State and Condition of the Fort at Comntcnda .*

8. An Account of the State and Condition of the Fort at Whydah:

v; 4‘k 9. An Account of the State and Condition of the

Fort at Dicks Cove:

10. An Account of the State and Condition of the Fort at TantumqKerry:

11. An Account of the State and Condition of Cape Coafi Cajllc:

12. An Account of the State and Condition of the Fort at Succondcc:

Together with Schedules of the said Papers.

And the said Schedules were read.

OrderedThat the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to coil-fider of the several Papers, Reports, Surveys, and Drawings, relating to the Forts and Settlements on the Coafi of Africa, which have been referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the said Papers now presented to the House; and state the Matters therein contained, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

The laid Papers are preserved ajnongst the other

Papers of this Session.

Nova Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

Scotia. his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an,

Estimate of the Charges of supporting and maintaining

the Settlement of his Majesty *s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1758.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourably Privy Council.

.Edinburgh, A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by &c* an Act, of the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

03 5* intituled, An Act for repairing the Post Road from the City of Ediiiburghy through the Counties of Linlithgow, and Stirling, from the Boalhouse Ford on Almond Water, and from thence to the Town of Linlithgow, and from the said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Stirling; and also from Falkirk to Kyljyth, and to Inch Bellie Bridge on the Poll Road to the City of Glasgow; and for build-inga Bridge cross Almond Water; Was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Campbell, Mr. Ojwald, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hardingc, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Fe llowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hervey, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Medlycolt, Mr. Del'aval, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Lcckyer, Mr. To:oi{/he?id, S\v Willoughby Aston, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Olmius, Mr. More, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Foiey, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Trifi, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Wiikinfon, Mr. Scott, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Symmonds, Mr. GaJhry, Mr. Archer, Mr. Leivis, Mr. Hume, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Prozvfe, Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Yorke; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

\V>ftm?nf!cr Sir John Philipps presented to the House, according Con (tables, to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more ef-c‘ ieftual, an Act, past’cd in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing a fa’fficient Number of Constables for the Service of the Citymid Liberty of Westminster and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen to present Nuisances, and other Offences, within the said City and Liberty: And the same was received} and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

*9

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, to whom City of Bath the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of V' dtcnvoriw* the City of Bathj in Common Council assembled, and of divers Inhabitants of the said City, was referred.

That the Committee had examined -the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas War Atzvood, being examined, said, That the City of Bath has been supplied with Water from a small Cistern on Beechen Cliff, which is not sufficient to accommodate the Inhabitants; and that the said Corporation of Rath have lately made and completed a new Reservoir near the old Cifterp, from whence a sufficient Quantity of Water may be conveyed by Pipes, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said City; but as the Pipes are to be laid through a small Parcel of waste Land belonging to Brezvton Ilospital, the Delign cannot be carried into Execution vyithout the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better supplying the City of Bath with fresh and wholesome Water: And that, Mr. Potter, Doctor Hay, the Lord Ligonicr, and Mr. Secretary Fill, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day. being read, for the House to Supply/ resolve itself into a.Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Eliimate of the Charge of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cajffel, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty, for Sixty Days,* from the 25th day of December 1737 to the 22d Day of Ftbruanj 1758, both Days inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

Mr. Charlton also-acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole'

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole an(i Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 2 30 die Febmarii;

Anno 31° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

THE Earl of Thomondreported to the House, That Answer to their Address of Yesterday, that his Majesty would Address fa begraciously pleafedtogive Directions, that the Estimate therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty, and that his Majesty had

commanded

Milford

li.ivcn.

Clifford'*

Nat.

Magor

to

Chepstow

Road.

iaproveraent

at

Charing Cross.

31 Geo. II. 230 Februariu 10r

commanded him to acquaint this House* that he will sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of give Directions accordingly. several Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of several Buildings, Houses* Grounds, and Estates, situate The House being informed, That Mr. Wood', from on the West Side of the Street leading from Charing the Office of One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries Ci'ofs, towards his Majesty’s Palace of Whitehall, is re-of State, attended at the Door; ferred: And that they do examine the Matter of this

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Petition; and repbrt the famei with their Opinion House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, thereupon, to the House.

A Book, intituled, " Report, Plans, and Eltimates,

" for fortifying Milford Haven, by Lieutenant Colonel The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, frorfi " Baftide, Director of Engineers* November 1757." the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended

And then he withdrew. ht the Door:

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be peril fed by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Seffiom

K Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. IVa file:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing George Clifford, without, any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bilj, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth; and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

A Petition of the several Inhabitants of Charing Cross% and Parts adjacent, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting a Petition, which, the Petitioners allege, they obferVe has been presented to the House, of several Owners of Freehold and Inheritance of several Buildings and Grounds on the West Side of the Street leading to Charing Cross, towards Whitehall$ and also reciting, that this House did, in the last Session, give the several Sums of ,£.10,000 and £.2,500 in Addition to a Sum of £. 10,000 that had been before granted to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, for opening the Passage from Charing Cross to Whitehall, and also, as the Petitioners apprehended, for opening the Passage leading from Cockspur Street to Saint James's Park, and also the Passage leading from Charing Cross through Spring Gardens, into St. James's Park, according to a Plan or Plans proposed by several Undertakers, who were willing and ready, for the said Two Sums of £.10,000 and £.2,500 only, to have executed the fame, by widening the last mentioned Passages, and taking down several old Houses, which are ufuatly the Occasion of a great Nuisance, being inhabited by Personsof ill Fame, and by building good Houses in their room; and alleging,that the Petitioners being informed, that the said Commissioners have not agreed with the Owners of the Houses adjoining to the last mentioned Passage, nor do intend now to execute the same according to the Plans delivered to, and, as the Petitioners apprehend, approved of by* the House the last Year, whereby a very great Convenience, intended to great Numbers of Persons reporting to both Houses of Parliament, St. James's Park, Westminster Hall, and Westminster Bridge, as well as to the Petitioners reftding near the fame, as also the removing of the said Nuisance, and a great Imprdvenldnt to the Beauty of the Plan, will be frustrated; and whereas the opening the said Passages, according to the said Plans, will, as the Petitioners are informed, occasion no additional Expense beyond the Provision already made by Parliament for answering the fame: Therefore praying. That the said Commissioners may be impowered and directed to widen the said Passages, and execute the Plans delivered fend approved as aforesaid, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be'referred to the Con-Yol. 28.

He was called in and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Coal and Ctilm that have been exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,from Christmas 1754 to Christrdas 1757; distinguishing each Year, with the several Duties that have been paid thereon.

And then hewithdre#.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tables to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to theit* Order*

Account of what has been expended by the Office of Ordnance, upon Account of the Fort of Annamaboe, since the said Fort was put under theit* Direction.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to tite Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to consider of the several Papers, Reports, Surveys, and Drawings, relating to the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africas which have been referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the said Account; and state the Matters therein contained, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Treasury, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,'

A Paper, intituled, "Copy of the Report of the Commissioners and Trustees for. managing the annexed " forfeited Estates in Scotland, to the Lords Commis-<c sioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, which, by an Act " of the 25th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, is directed to be laid before both Houses of Parliament."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table,-to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved ambngft the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy repairing of public Bridges within the County of Devon; And the same was received 3 and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Oswald presented to the House, according to’ Order, a Bill to enable George A my and and John Antiidny Rucker of London, Merchants, Agents for the Embden East Compariy, to fell the Cargo of the Ship The Prince Ferdinand of Prujfta, to the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and to enable the said Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies to import into this Kingdom the said Cargo, and to sell and dispose of the same; and to D d impose?

Account of Coal exported;

Africari Forts and Settlement*'

Scotch1

forfeited

Estates.-

fievoti

County

Bridges.

tmhderf East India* Company enabled l-f left a Ship.

102 230 Februarii. 1758.

irapower the said George Amyand and John Anthony Rucker to make Insurances upon the said Ship and Cargo: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

\Wf>bury, Mr. Chauncey Tozonfend reported from Committee, Sec. to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-

Kcttds. holders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the 1 owns

of Westbuiy and Market Loving ton, in the County of Wilts, and Places adjacent, and also of the Aldermen and common Burgesses of the Borough of Westbury aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was deferred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the House being informed. That a further Exa-. urination is necessary with regard to the Matter of the said Petition;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed. Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred.

Ditto. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and

other principal Inhabitants, of Peivfey, in the County of Wilts, and Places adjacent, and also of the Mayor, Bailiff, and Burgesses, of the Town and Borough of Great Bedwin, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for altering, widening, amending, repairing, and shortening, the Road leading from Pengate,\n the Parish of Westbury, to and through several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, to a Public House called the Seven Stars at or near Bottlesford, in the Parish of ManningfordBohunc, in thesaidCounty, and also several other Roads therein-mentioned; and alleging, thatthe Road leading from the said Public House, to and through Pewjey, and through the Town and Borough of Great Bedwin aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road near the Public House called the Blue Lion oXFroxfield, in the said County, adjoins to the Road in the said Petition mentioned, leading from Pengate to the said Public House called the Seven Stars, and is become exceeding deep and ruinous, and in many Places so narrow, that Two Carriages cannot pass by each other, and cannot be sufficiently widened, repaired, and kept in Repair, without the Aid of Parliament; And therefore praying, That proper Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for the more effectual altering, widening, amending, repairing, and keeping in Repair, of the said Road leading from the said Public House called the Seven Stars, at or near Bottlesford, in the Parish of Manningford Bohune aforesaid, to and through Pewjey and the Town a$d Borough of Great Bedwin aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road near the said Public House called the Blue Lion at Froxfield aforesaid; or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Report is re-committed; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition: And report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Great Glen Mr. Heioett reported from the Committee, to whom

Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields in Great Glen, in the County of Leicester, called the Upper or North End Fields, and all the common Failures, common Meadows, and common, and wade Grounds, within the same Fields, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Cooper, aged about 70 Years, who is possessed of One Yard Land and Three Quarters for Life only; but that . George Cooper, who is the immediate Remainder Man,

had signed the Bill; and except Plummer, who is possessed of One Yard Land, who, on being applied to, said, he thought the Inclosure would be advantageous, but refused to sign the Bill; and also except Thirteen other Persons, who are possessed of One Yard Land and Three Quarters; and that the whole Common intended to be inclosed consists of Thirty-two Yard Lands and an Half; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to opposethe Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- i ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments , were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Suppiygranted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-eight thousandThree hundred Sixty PoundsNineteen ShillingsandTenPence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two thousand One hundred Twenty Horse and Nine thousand Nine hundred Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for Sixty Days, from the 25th Day of December 1757 to the 22d Day of February 1758, both inclusive; together with the Subsidy for the said Time; pursuant to Treaty.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Land Tax to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Comnuflwners upon the Bill for Appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1758; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be assessed upon Soma Jet House, in the Strand; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several A mend-ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Importation Reading of the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported c from Ireland y

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Tallow jyitt0

Chandlers, in the Borough of Liverpoole, and Parts adjacent, was prefen ted to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners humbly conceive, that if foreignTallow were allowed to be imported Duty-free, it would reduce the present high Prices of Soap and Candles, and have many other very delirable Effects: Arid therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into

Con-

31 Geo. II. 230 — 24 103

Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time*

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Upon Tuesday Morning next.

Recroiting The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to jt j* 1? l

Laud Forces. whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of r CfttTtS^ 24. aiC FeDruartt }

his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was committed; Anno 31* Georgii II<1 Regis, 1758.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this 9

Day Sevennight* Prayers.

0 R DE RED, That Mr. Thi/llethwayte, Mr. Bankes, Mr* The other Order of the Day being read; Chauncey Toxvnfhend, Mr, Fishcr, Mr. Cornewall,

Importation The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Mr. Jones, Sir William Moreton, Mr. Nejbitt, Sir James of Cattle whole House, to eonfider further of the Laws which Creed, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Hervey; and all the from Ireland, prohibit the Importation of Cattle from Ireland, and of Members who serve for the City of Londons and for the the Duties upon Skins and Hides imported into Great Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and York; and all the Britain, so far as the same relate to Skins and Hides Merchants of the House; be added to the Committee, imported from Ireland. to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of them-

Mr. Jarrit Smith took the Chair of the Committee. selves, and many Hundred other industrious labouring

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Men, employed in the unloading of Ships and Vef-

Mr. Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, That bringing Coals into the River Thames, commony they had come to a iiefolution; which they had directed called Coalheavers, is referred, him to report, when the House will please to receive

the fame. Mr. Ofzvald, from the Commissioners for Trade and

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Plantations, presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Morning. Command,

Mr. Jarrit Smith also acquainted the House, That he An Estimate of the Civil Establishment of his Majes-was directed by the Committee to move, that they may ty’s Colony of Georgia,'and other incidental Expences have Leave to lit again. attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1757 to the

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- 24th of June 1758. vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

House, to eonfider further of the Duties upon Skins and The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Hides imported into Great Britain, so far as the same relate to Skins and Hides imported from Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

An ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1757 to the 24th of June 1758.

£' 5 A

To (he Salaries of the Governor, and other Officers and Magistrates established in the Colony - 1,620 — —

To an Allowance to aMinister of the Church of England, established at Savannah - - - - 70 —

To the Salaries of Two Schoolmasters, One at Savannah, and One at Vernonhurg and Acton - 32 — —

To an Allowance to the Pilot stationed at the Mouth of Savannah River, with a Boat and fuf-

fieieut Hands ----- - - -- -- - 50 — —

To repairing the public Buildings, entertaining the Indians, and other contingent Expences - 435 10 —

To the Salary of an Agent appointed here for the Affairs of the Colony ----- 350-

To a Continuation of the Prpvisions made by the late Trusteesfor purchasing from the Growers

the Balls or Cocoons of raw Silk, as an Encouragement to the Growth and Culture of it - - 1,000 — —

3>557 10 —

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ham forty* The ^orc* Barnard presented to the House, according fee. to Order, a Bill for inclosingand dividing the Moors and lndofure* Commons within [the Chapelry of Hamfterly, in the Manor of Wolfingham, in the County of Durham; And the same was received; and read the First time. Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importation A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands, Land-o f Tllow holders, Salesmen, and Grafters, of the County of Bucit-from Ireland, ingham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, 011 behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is ordered in for the Importation of //{///Tallow' Duty-free; and that the Petitioners are alarmed at the ConsequenceS of such a Bill should the famepafs into a Law, as it. mult be very detrimental to the landed Interest of this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners have sustained great Loll’cs by the contagious Distemper which raged a long time among their Cattle, and the Rot *mongftthe Sheep, which has been very considerable, VOL. 28.

for which the advanced Price of Provifionhasbynomeans been an adequate Satisfaction; and that as the Distemper among the Homed Cattle is now intirely abated, and the Rot among the Sheep greatly decreased, the Petitioners are thoroughly convinced, that, from the present daily Increase of Tallow, the several Markets will be sufficiently flocked, without the Assistance of any imported from Ireland; and that the Petitioners conceive, should the said Bill pass into a Law, the Irish would be enabled greatly to undersell the Petitioners in their Tallow, as they pay no Land Tax, and have their Farms at a much cheaper Rate, and consequently the Petitioners, and others, must have their Rents proportionally abated, which will greatly affect the Landed Interest of this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners apprehend,from the above and other Reasons, the passing such a Bill would be injurious to the Public, detrimental to the Revenue, and ruinous to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time; and that

the

Regulation of

Coalheavers.

Civil

Efoblish-

ment

of

Georgia.

Jg»4 $4° Februariu A. 1758.

the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Endowment An irigrofled Bill for transferring certain South Sea Fif/ New Annuities, landing in the Name of the latfe Treasurer ChiirchesT to the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches, to Trustees, for the Benefit of the Re&ors of Eight of those Churches; a'ndfor veiling certain Sites for Churches, purchased by the said Commissioners,'in order to sell the same for the Purposes in the said Bill to be mentioned; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 13. L. 3. After "Death," to insert "or Re-i( moval

L. 5. After "the," to insert "said Rector " so removed, nor in the."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was friade, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Wednes-day Morning next.

LCCch The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to Waggon-way whom the Petition of Charles Brandling Esquire, Lord > of* the Manor of Middleton, and of an undivided Share of the Manor of Hun/lett, both in the County of York, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Occupiers of Grounds, in f^eeds, in the said County of York, and in Hunjlett aforesaid; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and other principal Inhabitants, of Leeds and Hunjlett, in the County of York, and of sundry Persons, Owners of Grounds within the said Townlhipsof feeds and Hunjlett; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others. Inhabitants of the Towns of Knaresborough, Ri])-pon, Boroughbridge, Aldborough, and Ripley,in the county of York, and of the Parts adjacent; were referred. That the Committeehad examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as itap-peared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio weth; viz. In support of the Allegations of the said Petitions, Articles of Agreement, dated the 2d Day of January 1758, between Charles Brandling Esquire, and several Owners or Occupiers of Lands in the Parish of Leeds, whereby the said Charles Brandling engages to furnish the Inhabitants of Leeds with Coals, to be delivered at a Coal Yard, on the South Side of the great Bridge, at all Times of the Year, for the Term of Sixty Years, at the Rate of 41 d. a Corf, eachCorf to Gontain in Weight of Coal 14 Stone and a Half, reckoning 14 Pounds to every Stone, and every Corf to measure 32 Inches in Length, 24 Inches in Breadth, and 10 Inches deep; in the whole, 7,680 cubical Inches; provided the said Charles Brandling may be allowed to lay down and use a Waggon Way, over such Grounds as he shall find convenient, for the Carriage of his Coals to the Coal Yard aforesaid, and continue to use the same for the said Term of 60 Years, making such Compensation to the Owners of Grounds, over which such Road shall be made, as in the said Agreement is expressed.

Mr. Joshua Green produced a Plan of the Grounds, over which the said Road is proposed to be made; and it appeared to your Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. John Shepley, Mr. John Hepivorlh, and the said Joshua Green, that all the Proprietors of inclosed Lands, intended to be made use of for the Purposes aforesaid, had figued the Articles before recited:

.That it appeared by the said Plan, that the proposed Coal Way is to be carried over a Common called HunJ-lett Moor*

And Mr. John Shepley,* Steward of the Manor of Hunjlett, said. That Mr. Joseph Billon, Mr. CiiMes Brandling, and Mr. Cooper, are Lords of the Manor of Hunjlett; who all appeared to have signed the said Agreement.

Mr. Joshua Green was examined as to the Price of Coals in the Town of Leeds: Who said. That, for Five Years last past. Coals had fold for about 7\d. a Corf; and that the Corfs are of the same Dimensions as those which Mr. Brandling proposes to deliver at the Coal Yard aforesaid for 4!d. each Corf.

Arid, being alked as to Consumption of Coals in the Town of Leeds, he said, That he apprehends the Consumption to be annually about 30,000 Doz. Corfs, such as before described, which are furnished from different Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Leeds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing Agreements made between Charles Brand*

Wig Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down' a Waggon Way, in order the better to serve the Town and Neighbourhood of feeds, in the County of York, with Coals: And that the Lord Downe,

Mr. Ridley, Sir Henry Grey, and Mr. Crajler, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ari ingrbfled Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen Encourage- employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain of Seamen. Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, containing an Abstra6f of the Act:

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6, L. 37. To leave out "necessary," and insert " sufficient," instead thereof:

Pr. 18. L. 37. To leave out " Kirk Pr. 21. L. 35. After(CCounty," to insert " Riding or " City:"

L, 36. After " Customs," to insert " for any

" Port:"

L. 37. To leave out " Port or District," and insert 9 Collection," instead thereof:

Pr. 27. L. 32, 33: To leave out " in London,' and insert " at their Board," instead thereof:

Pr. 31. L. 22. To leave out " Kirk:"

Pr. 42. L. 36. After " Captain, " to insert " or Commander."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

ttefolved, Nemineconiradicente, That the Bill do pals And that the Title be. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual,' frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily arid readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families: and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments.

Then the Blank, left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defrre their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, " Report, Plans, Milfcri " and Estimates, for fortifying Mijord Haven, by Haven. " Lieutenant Colonel Bajlide, Director of Engineers,

" November 1757," be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the said Book; and state the Matters therein contained, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House:

And

j'i Geo. II. 24° Febraarii.

I0$

Chrifihn

MaJford

Bridge

Road.

Tiverton

Roads.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Charles Totvnjhend, Mr. Grenville, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hcivett, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Nugent, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Archer, Mr. JFc/?, Mr. Powell, Sir Cw//, Mr. Smith, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Stanley, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Tozon/hend, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Po/c, Mr. Charles Townshend of Yarmouth, Mr. Fuller, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfjlde, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Chester, Mr. Kynqfton, Sir A7//> Cunlifc, Mr. Martin, Lord Harry Pawlett, Mr. Anson, Sir William Owen, Mr. More, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Row/, Mr. Lends, Mr. Ilardinge, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Mack-worth, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Pnfe Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Yco//, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Trijt, Mr. Symmonds, Mr. Rozouey, General Cornwallis, Mr. Moore, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lozcndes, Sir 7o/m Turner, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Fonereau; and all the Members who serve for Wales j and for the County of Hereford; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

Mr. Crafter reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Wotton Bajett, and others Places, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks, whose Names are thereunder written, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Lad and Mr. Timothy Rumball, being leve-rally examined, said. That they had lurveyed the Roads described in the said Petition, and that they are in a very ruinous Condition, in many Places narrow, hilly, and uneven, and dangerous for Travellers, and cannot be effectually widened and repaired by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Christian Malfard Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to Shilling ford Gate, in the County of Berks; and also from Swindon to Lyddenlon Wall, in the said County of Wilts: And that Mr. Crajler, Mr. Hardinge, and the Lord ViUiers, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Counties of Devon and Somerset, and also the Petition of the Parishioners of the Parishesof Witheridge, Templeton, East Wovlington, Thelbridge, West Worlington, Cheldon, Chazvley, Lapford, and Chulmleigh, in the County of Devon; were severally referred. That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Road described in the said Petition is in a very ruin-ousCondition, and that Carriages are frequently obliged to go many Miles about; and that several Parts of the said Road are very boggy and narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Thomas Norrazvay, being examined, said, That he knows the Road from a House known by the Sign of the Bottle i 11 Calverley, in the Road to Crufey House, to the Top of the Hill beyond a Brook of Water at the

Vol. 2 8.

Well End of Templeton Hill, to the Smith's Shop there in the Road from Tiverton to Witheridge; and that the said Road is in a very ruinous Condition, and narrow in many Places, that Two Horses cannot pass each other; and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Inftmftion to the Committee* to whom the Bill for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for amending the Road from Burrough Corner, in the Parish of Hat her ton. through the Parishes of Halberton, Bulterleigh, and Cullumpton, to a Place called Burndford otherwise BunnivaVs Cross, in the Parishes of Cullumpton and Bradninch; and also the Road from the Way Poll or North East End of Lennard Moor, in the Parish of BurleJcombe, in the Road between the Town of Tiverton, and the White Ball, in the Parish of Sandford Arundell, in the county of ’Somerset, through the several Parishes of Bdrlefcombe, Halberton, Will and, and Cullumpton, to the Town of Cullumpton, in the County of Devon; and also the Road from a Public House, known by the Sign of the Bottle, in the Parish of Culverleigh, in the Road to Crufey House, to the Top of the Hill beyond the Brook of Water at the West End of Templeton Hill, to the Smith’s Shop there in the Road from Tiverton to Witheridge.

Mr. Jarrit Smith, according to Order, reported fropi Importation the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- f ferred to consider further of the Laws which prohibit the rom rc Importation of Cattle from Ireland, and of the Duties upon Skins and Hides imported into Great Britain, so far as the same relate to Skins and Hides imported from Ireland, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be a free Importation of Cattle from Ireland into Great Britain.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the t>hto; 18th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act against importing Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, and Filli taken by Foreigners, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act* made in the 20th Year of the said King’s Reign, intituled, An additional Act against the Importation of foreign Cattle, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 32d.Year of the said King’s Reign, intituled, An Act prohibiting the Importation of Cattle from Ireland, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the 13th, 14th, and 15th, Sections of an Act, made in the 15th Year of the said King’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the said Resolution was read a Second time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by adding, at the End thereof* these Words, " for a limited Time."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added:

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended; That there be a free Importation of Cattle from Ireland into Great Britain, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: and that Mr. Jarrit Smith, the Lord E e Strange,

io6

240 — 2 70 Februarii.

A. 1758.

Strange, Mr. Townshend, Sir E/& Cunliffe, and Mr. Pa/e, do prepare, and bring in, the fttnle.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confjder further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

to the Cross Hands, in such manner, and according to such Proportion, as the House shall think proper to ascertain and appoint; so that no Turnpike be erected, by either of the said Trulls, on the said Road; or the Petitioners are willing to take the said Road under their Management, and support the same out of the Tolls and Monies arising by virtue of the said Two Acts, and to be restraitted from fetting up any Gate thereupon: And

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- therefore praying, 'that if any Provision is inserted, in

and Means. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 2 70 Februarii \

Georgii 1I(U Regis, 1758.

Cirencester

to

Lansdown

Road.

Anno 31 Prayers.

A PETITIONof the Trustees, for putting in Execution Jr\. Two Acts of Parliament, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester, to Stone; and also the Road to and near Berkeley, Durfley, Wotton Underedge, Stroud, and Sodburyfm the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all the rell of the Trustees for putting the said Acts in Execution, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That the Petitioners observe, that a Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester to the Monument upon Lansdown, in the County of Gloucester: and also offeveral Gentlemen, and other Persons, living near the said Road; has been presented to the House, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and for making the same more effectual, for completing the Repair of the said Road; and reciting, that, by the said Act, it is declared, that no Turnpike shall be set up within FiveMiles of a Place called Petty France, in Hawksbury U/jton; and alleging, that the Petitioners have Reason to apprehend, that by the said Application to the House, it is intended to repeal the said Clause, in order to erect a Turnpike at or near a Place called Dunkirk, which is within the Dillance of Half a Mile from Petty France aforesaid; and that the erefting of a Turnpike there, or on any Part of the said Road, bet ween t hePlace where the lload from Malmsbury, through Shirestone, communicates with the Road from Tetbury to Bath, and a Place called the Cross Hands, in the Parish otOldSodbury, in the said County, will greatly lessen the Receipt of the Tolls under the Di rest ion of the Petitioners, and be extremely detrimental and burthensome to the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country, and to all Travellers upon the said Road; and that the Road from the said Place called Dunkirk to the Cross Hands, is, as the Petitioners apprehend. Part of the Roads di-rested to be repaired, as well by the said Acts, made in the 12 th Year of his late Majesty, and 19th of his present Majesty’s Reign, as by the said Act made in the 16th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; and that the said Road has been repaired out of the Monies arising by virtue of all the said Acts; and that the Petitioners aHo apprehend,that they areimpowered,by the said twoAfts, to erect a Turnpike on the said Road; which they have not done, though they might have thereby greatly increased the Receipt of their Tolls, because they apprehended the same would be prejudicial to the Country; and that the Petitioners aredeiirous, inConjunftion with the Trustees for executing the said Aftmade in the 16th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to repair, and keep Repair, the said Road, from the Place where the

the said intended Bill; to repeal the said Clause, or authorize the placing of a Turnpike on the said Road, they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Petition of several of the Triillees appointed by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the 16th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to a Place called the Monument, upon Lans-down, in the said County; and also of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, living near the said Road; whose Names respectively are thereunto subscribed; is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

in

Malmsbury and CirencesterV^ozd communicates aforesaid, 19

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, beingTrustees appointed by, or in pursuance of, Four several Acts of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Tenth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, respectively, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick; andlikewife of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, living near the said Highways, whose Names are thereunto also subscribed; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said several Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Freeman said, That there now remains due, upon the Credit of the said Acts, the sum of 4,000l.

And by the Evidence of Mr. Clark Adams, Mr. Michael Booker, and Mr. Thomas Pope, it appeared, That, unless the Terms and Powers given by the said Acts are enlarged and continued, it will be impossible to complete the Repairs of the said Road, and to pay oil the Money now remaining due as aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more effectual Four several Acts of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the nth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the xothand 13th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, respectively, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick: And that Mr. Cartwright and Sir Edmund Isham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open common Fields,common Meadow, Commons, and waste Grounds, in the Townships of Brompton and Saxoden, in the Parish of Brompton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Downe9 Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Dawnay, Mr. llcwett, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, SitRobert Hildyard, Mr. AmyandyS\v Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Har-dinge, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bacon,

Sir

Old

Stratford

to

Dunchurch

Road.

Brompton

Inclosure.

3i Geo. II. >if Febru. id

Sir John Cust, Mr. Bold, Sir Jb/m Philipps, Mr. Tempcjl, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Ridley, General Onslow, Mr. Fane, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Jeffries, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Moore, Sir Thomas Robiiijbn, Mr. Morton, Sir George Dalflon; Mr. Lezcis, Mr. Ofbaldiftcn, Mr. Legh, Mr. Cholm ley, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Dtlaval, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Townshend, Mr, Symmonds, Mr. Triji, Mr. Amcotls, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Proicfv, Mr. Popham, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Page, Mr. Brudcnell, Mr. Lascelles s and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Devon A Bill for the more eafv and speedy repairing of County public Bridges within the County of Devon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Warzoick Bampfylde, Mr. Kynaston, General St. Clair, Mr. Buller, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. More, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Felloives, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bathurst, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gore, Mr. Trift, Mr. George Onjlozo, Mr. Amcolts, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. Sandys. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Forrejlery Mr. Walter, Mr. Tuck field. Lord Punmure, Mr. Fane, Sir John Molejicorth, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mackzeorlh, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Ofbaldifton, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Drake, Mr. Prozofe, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Aldzcorth, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Fojicrcau, Sir Francis Dashzvood, Mr. Bayn-lun, Lord Vcniey, Mr. Montana; and all the Members who serve for the Counties oi Devon, Cornzvall, Somerset, and Dorset: And they aie to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ilolford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

Earl0f The Lords have passed a Bill* intituled, An Act to Front’s enable John Earl of Egmonf, in the Kingdom of Ire-Eibtc. land, to raise Money for purchasing Lands in Great Britain, for the Purposes of his Marriage Settlement, by Mortgage, inllead of Sale of Part of his Irijtt Estate: To which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mdfengers withdrew.

GIoDcester, A Petition of the Trustees appointed by the feVeraJ &c* Acts of Parliament, for amending the Roads leading Roads. from the City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House* that a Petition of divers Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the County and City of Gloucester, and City of Bristol, hath been presented, praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, leading from the! Cities of Gloucester and Bristol, and to enable the Trustees tofetupanew Turnpike or Turnpikes on the said Road between the said Two Cities, and for other Purposes; which Bill the Petitioners are desirous may pass into a Law; only they beg Leave to represent, that One of the present Turnpike Roads therein mentioned, lead ing from Horfield to Stone, is described to be leading through TlwrnbuTy, whereby it has been apprehended, that the Road through the Town of Thombury was thereby de? feribed to be repaired, although the direct Road from Horfield to Stone leads over Milbuiy Heath only through the Parish of Thombury, and was the Road intended, and that ought tobe repaired, as being the common Road also from Bristol through Tetherington to Stone; and Getting forth, that there are several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, not mentioned in the said Acts, which are in very bad Repair, and in several PlacesiiarFOW and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law viz. the Road from a Place called the Lime Kilns, in the Parish of

Vol. *8,

West bury, through tlieTythingoLSfoAr Bishop, 16 a Place called Pill Passage, in the said Parish of Weflbury; and also from the River or Brook near the Goat at Westbury, through the Village of Hcnbury, to the further End of the Lane called Gloucester Lane, in the said Parish; Sind also from the Cross Hands or Directing Post, near the Eight Mile Stone on the Aujl Road, to a Place called the New Passage, in the said Parish of Henbury; and further alleging, that the present directlload to Aujl, in the said Acts mentioned, is up a very deep Hill, going out of Bristol; which* might be avoided, by opening a new Road from a Place called Frog Lane, in the said City, through certain Grounds, to a Gate on the Aujl Turnpike Road, called the White Lady's Gate, being about iialf a Mile in Length, to which the Proprietors of the said Grounds are consenting, and the same would be very useful to the Inhabitants of the said City; but the Petitioners apprehend, they are not by the said Act sufficiently empowered so to do; and that there is noClause in the said Acts for empowering the Trustees to let the Tolls of any of the Turnpike Gates to Farm, although they conceive such Power would be of great Advantage to the Trud; and that the rowers given by the said last-nientioned Acts, are in many respects defective for the good Purposes intended thereby; and the Trustees having borrowed a large Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, the Lenders thereof are desirous to have the Term granted by the said Acts enlarged: And therefore praying.That the Trustees, by the said former Acts appointed for amending the Roads leading from the City of Bristol, may be empowered to make, amend, widen, and keep in Repair, the Roads above described, and to erect any Turnpike Gate or Gates that shall bethought necessary or proper thereon; that the Term granted by the said Acts may be enlarged; that the Doubt concerning the Road leading from Horfield to Stone, over Milbury Heath, through the Parish of Thombury, may be obviated, and such further Powers given for rendering the said Acts more effectual, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the County and City of Gloucester, and City of Bristol, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Owners of Land, Graziers, and Importation Landholders, of the County of Leicester, was presented of Tallow to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners from rean 1 take Notice, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in for the Importation of Irish Tallow, Duty free; and that the Petitioners conceive the passing of the said Bill will be a very great Detriment to them, and to the Kingdom, by lessening the Value of Lands: And therefore praying the House, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard by tl>eir Counsel against the fame.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands,' and Gra-piers, of the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the said Bill will greatly affect the Property of the Petitioners, most Part of which is Grazing Land, and at present employed in the fattening of Cattle: Praying the House, That the said Bill may not pass ipto a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against the fame/

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time; and the Petitioners are then to be severally heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their several Petitions^ if they think fit.

A Bill to enable George Amyand and John Anthony Embden Rucker of London, Merchants, Agents for the Embden East India East India Company, to fell the Cargo of the Ship the ^ledt© Prince Ferdinand of Pru ffla. to the United Company of shi

Merchants

c»

1 o 8 2 70 Februarii. d.iy$8>

Merchants of England trading to the East Indie.?, and to enable the said Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies Vo import into this Kingdom the said Cargo, and to sell and dispose of the same; and to empower the said George Amyand and John Anthony Rucker to make Infdrances upon the said Ship and Cargo; was read a Second time.

Rrfoked. That the Bill be committed lo Mr. Oficald, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Wilkin fan, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Elliott, Sir John Philipps, Mr. More, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Morton, S\v Francis Poole, M r. Lyster, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. West, Mr. Calvert, Mr. CharlesTownjhend, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Bacon, Sir John RuJJiout, Mr. Baynfun, Sir John Cujf, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. George OnJlow,§ i r William Calvert, M r. Fane, M r. Lockyer, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Martin, Mr Grenville, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Moore, Lord Middleton, Mr. Ridley, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Stanley, Mr Affleck, Mr. Henry Fane, Lord Egmont, Mr. Hamilton, LordDupplin, Mr. Hezcett, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Thoroten, Mr. Daze nay, Mr. Hunter, Sir Roger Neivdigate, Mr. Sandys, Mr. lacke, Mr. Medly-cott, Mr. Grey, Mr. Trifi, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Selzvyn, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Popham; and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Gentlemen Of the Long Rohe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Writs of Ordered, That. Mr. Morton and M r. Nor they be added Habeas to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and Corpus. bring in, a Bill for giving a more speedy Remedy to the Subject, upon the Writ of Habeas Corpus.

Westminster Ordered, That Mr. Dodington, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Fish Market. Richard Lloyd, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Hanger, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Fishermen trading to Billing/* a te,v/hofe Names are thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves, and all others, the Fishermen trading to that Market, is referred.

Encouraging Mr. Hanger reported from the Committee, who were me Growth appointed to consider of the Importation and Growth oi Madder. of Madder in this, Kingdom; that the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to report the fame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

With respect to the Importation of Madder: By an Account from the Cullom House, and referred to the Committee, of Madder imported into England, from Holland, from Chrifmas 1749, to the 5th of January 1757, being Seven Years; it appears, that there has been imported in that Time, as followeth; viz.

C. (jrs. lb.

Madder Crop - - - 108,611 o 3

Madder Fatt - - - 1,573 2 14

Madder Mull - 2,516 o 24

And, with Respect to the Growth of Madder in this Kingdom,

Mr. 3/i//cr, Gardener and Botanist at Chelsea, informed your Committee, that lie has madeTrials with respect to the Cultivation of Madder in this Kingdom for 36 Years; that hehas planted Madder in dillerentSituations, and upon different Soils, and has had Roots of Two Years Handing, weighing 13/6. each; that he has seen the Method of cultivating it in Holland, and is sure that it may be cultivated easier here than in Holland; because there, the Ground being flat and watery, they areobliged to be at an extraordinary Expence of railing the Earth Three Feet, where the Madder is planted; and he observed, that when the Roots touch the Water, they stop growing; and that he is well allured Madder will grow as well in England, as in any Country whatsoever.

Mr. George Edwards, Merchant in London, informed your Committee, That he has imported Madder from l9

Holland; and that he lvas concerned in cultivating it here, from the Year 1738 to 1748; that the Ground made Use of for that Purpose was Thirty-four Acres and an Half, near Woolzvich, which produced in that Period, SixtyTons of Madder, which is 150 Calks, reckoning 800/6. Weight to a Cask; that he carried it to Market, and fold it to divers Persons, who gave it the Preference to what they had from Holland, because, they said, his was clean, and the Dutch adulteraied; that the Quantity raffed in the afore mentioned Period, employed 30 or 36 poor People all the Winter.

That he thinks Madder may be grown in this Kingdom, if the Tytlie was Fettled in a general Way, at or 5 s. per Acre per Annum; that One Piece of Ground will not answer for above Four Crops; that it will grow in any Soil, but thrives best in Fresh Ground, and a light sandy Loom; that he planted it in April, and took it up in the Months of November, December, and January, Twelvemonth following; that lie apprehends, if a general Cultivation of it was introduced into this Kingdom, it might be raised atOne Half the Expence it was when he cultivated it.

Mr. John Thorpe, Drtrggift, said, That he has been a' Grower of Madder for 16 or 20 Years, and is now concerned in about Ten Acres; that he has manufactured several Tons this Winter; and the Scarlet Dyers say, it exceeds the Dutch; that he has sent fometo East India, and is now preparing to fend more there; and a Captain of an East India Ship told him, it was the best Commodity he could carry; that he has had as good a Price as the Hollanders, and no Complaints made a gain ft it; that he has been obstructed in cultivating it, by having it intimated to him, that the Tythe thereof would be demanded in Kind; that he planted where there was a Modus, to prevent Disputes about Tythes; and that where Labour is cheap, it may be cultivated at half the Expence he does it.

Mr. Edwards being again called, said, That in 1741 and 1742, he fold couliderable Quantities of Madder for the East Indies.

Mr. Edmund Farmer, Callicoe Printer, being called before your Committee, said, That People of his Buline fs can’t carry on their Trade without Madder, it being the Ingredient that tynts the Callicoe; that there is used Two hundred and Fifty Tons, from 70 to £. 80 ptvTon, in a Year, within a few Miles of London, by the Callicoe Printers only; that the Price used to be about £.3 per hundred Weight, and is now from £.5, 5r.to £.5.105". thatitis frequently adulterated when lent from Holland; that lie has had f.zo allowed him for the Adulteration in Three Calks; that there are many Callicoe Printers in Ireland and Scotland.

Mr.....Broughton, Callicoe Printer, said. That

he uses 3 or 400 lb. of Madder in a Day, for Nine or Ten Months in a Y'ear; that it is absolutely necessary in their Business; that they can’t fix the Colour without it; that the Dutch Madder is frequently adulterated; that the Price has lately raised 14 or 15s. per hundred Weight.

Mr. William Tuck, Scarlet Dyer, said, That he dyes Cloth for Soldiers Cloaths, and can’t dye without Madder; that nothing will stand so well; that he ufesThree or Four hundred Weight a Day; that lie has used Mr. Thorpe's Madder; and being shewn some that Mr. Thorpe had produced to your Committee, said, he thinks itbetter than the Dutch ? that it excells it in Use; and that Madder is essential in dying Woollen Manufactures for Exportation; that there can be no better than Mr. Thorpe's; and that there are 2,000 Calks of Madder used in a Year in the Woollen Manufacture.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Madder is an Ingredient essentially necessary m Dying and Callicoe Printing, and of great Consequence to the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Resolved

31 GeO. II. 270 — 28°

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Madder may he raised in this Kingdom, equal ih Good nets if not superior to any foreign Madder.

Resolved, That it is t he Opinion of this Committee, That encouraging the Growth of Madder in this Kingdom will be a Saving of a very large Sum of Money, which is now paid for that Commodity imported Duty free from Abroad.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, the Encouraging the Growth of Madder in this Kingdom will be a Means of employing great Numbers of poor Families in the Winter Months.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the ascertaining the Tythe of Madder will be the greatest Means of encouraging the Growth of that Commodity in this Kingdom.

Rejblvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in this Kingdom, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof.

The Five first Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a S«?cond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House \\3tS moved, That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the nth and 12th Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, Tint an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for continuing the Act for ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That so much of the Act, made in the First Yrear of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to Coals, Hemp, and Flax, Irish and Scotch Linen, and the AflTize of Bread; and for giving Power to adjourn the Quarter Sessions for the County of Anglesea, for the Purposes therein mentioned; as relates to the Act for the better ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in this Kingdom, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof: And that Mr. Hanger, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Rose Fuller, Sir Francis Dashwood, and Mr. Ojioald, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Great Glca An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain

lodosure. open and common Fields in Great Glen, in the County of Leicester, called the Upper or North End Fields, and all the common Pastures, common Meadows, and common and waste Grounds, within the same Fields, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields in Great Glen, in the County of Lei* ccjtcr, called the Upper and North End Fields, and all the common Pastures, common Meadows, and common and waste Grounds within the same Fields.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewelt do cany the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Force! ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s

Rt iiuToii. barbie Forces while on Shore, was read t he Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title, be, An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Vcl. 28.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Willoughby Afion prefen ted to the House, accord- Regulating ing to Order, a Bill for regulating the Manner of Li- Alehouse cenfing Alehouses in Cities and Boroughs, and Towns Dcenfes. Corporate, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received and read the First time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be read a Second time.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fThe Lord Register of!

Tellers for the Yeas;^ Scotland, \ 53.

i Mr. Vyner: J

Tpllprs for thp TSWc lThe Lord Carpenter, '

1 ellers for the Moes,|Sir MatthewLambe: $ M7‘

So it passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Bounty on night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Com

upon the Billforprohibiting the Payment of the Bounty exP°rtc<l* upon the Exportation of Corh, unless sold at a lower Price than is allowed in an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Lancj Tax whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Com- Cummifi'iancn. missioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1758; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be assessed upon Sumerfet House, in the Strand ,* was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

, Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Means, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the Mouse adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 2 8° die Februarii j

Auno 310 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Lord George Cavendish, Yovdjahn Knardboraugh Cavendish, Mr. Dazvnay, be added to the Commit* Roads, tee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Landholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Knaresborough, in the West Biding of the County of York-, and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land-owners, Miners, and Inhabitants, residing in and about Grajfmgton, and in other Parts of the said West Riding, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land-owners and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Knaresborough, in the West Riding of the County of York, and also, of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land-owners, Miners, and Inhabitants, residing in and about Grassington, and in other Parts of the said West Riding, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; are referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes and Sir Thomas Clavering 1 ceds , be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare a*s°n wa7*

F f and

G.

I IO

2 8° FebruariL

A. 1758.

African

Company.

Earl of Egmont’s £ It ate.

and bring in, a Bill, for establishing Agreements made between Charles Brandling Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a Waggon Way, in order the better to serve the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals.

The House being informed, That Mr. Poirier, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Copies of Advices received by " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa, from their Officers there, of the Repairs done to their several Forts in Afr*ca> from the Time " the said Committee had Possession of them, to the Arrival'of Justly Watson Esquire uppn the said Coast." And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to consider of the several Papers, Reports, Surveys, and Drawings, relating to the Forts and Settlements on the Coast o[ Africa, which have been referred to the Consideration of tl\e said Committee: And that they do examine the said Paper; and Hate the Matters therein contained, together with their Observations thereupon to the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Earl of Egmont, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to raise Money for purchasing Lands in Great Britain, fop the Purposes of his Marriage Settlement,by Mortgage instead of Sale, of Part of his Irish Estate, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hcvthmond reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rates, and for better regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true*, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereinto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he.read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's. Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with ahTAmendment to one of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, b* ingossed.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Holford and Mr, Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Mary Woollet, Spinster, notwithstanding her Infancy, upon her Marriage with Robert Mead Wilmot, Esquire, to settle and convey her Estate and interest in Certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, and inTwo several Sums of Two thousand Pounds, and Three hundred Pounds, to the Uses in certain Articles of Agreement mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

ftrixton Mr. George Onslow reported from the Committee, to Small Debts, ^hom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and Manufacturers, residing w ithin the Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Sur rey,w ho fe Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had.

St. Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, Poor.

Woollet’s

Marriage

Settlement.

examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di1 reeled him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Baptist Bushman, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Hundred of Brixton contains the several Parishes of JVandJioorth, Balterfca, Wimbleton, Tooting, Merton* Mortlake, Barnes, and Putney , wherein is carried on a great Trade.

And Mr. John Smith, Dyer, said, That he is obliged to employ several poor Artificers and Labourers, who he is obliged to trust with small Sums, and who frequently go Abroad to evade the Payment thereof; and that their Creditors labour under great Difficulties in recovering their lawful Debts.

Mr. John Larder and Mr. Richard Hale, severally said, That the establishing a Court of Requests in the said Hundred will be of great Advantage.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery jof small Debts within the Western Division of the Hundred 0# Brixton, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Western Divisipn of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr. George Onslow, Mr. John Hervey, Mr. O/ivald, and Mr. Hammond, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, that the Eighth Section of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation and supplying the Defects of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor, might be read: And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, so far asthe famerdatesto Apprentices gaining a Settlement by Indenture: And that Sir Edmund Ijliarn, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. John Hervey, and Mr. Thurjby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Morton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’sReign, for enlarging the Term and rowers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amend ing the several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kidding ton and Enftone, to Rollright Lane, and Enjlvzv Bridge, to Kiddington, aforesaid; and for making the said Act more effectual; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill for inclosing and dividing the Moors and Commons within the Chapelry of Hamfterley, in the Manor of Wolfingham, in the County of Durham, was read a* Second time.

16 Rtf died,.

Settlement

of

Apprentices

by

Indenture.

Woodstock,

&c.

Roads.

Hamftcrlev,

Slc.

InUofurfe

o

51 Geo. il.

2 80 Februafii. — i

111

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Lord Barnard, Mr. Nugent, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Molyneux, Sir/fccZt-tfrrf Lbn/d, Mr. Scmdys, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Hardin ge, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gy I bon, Mr. JFW-/^jSirJoA?: Turner, Mr. Trifi, Mr. Coventry, Mr. IIlinger, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Toxcnjhend, Mr. LoriWc\y, Mr.

Sir £///> Cunliffe, 3/r. Bacon, Lord Villiers, Mr. Charlton, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Dupplin, Mr. jl/tfrr, Lord Strange, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Lewis, Mr. J/n/’/zrc, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Morton, \1 r. Moore, Mr. Alderman Beckford% Mr. Finch, Mr. Symmonds, Lord Malpas, Mr. Shelley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorlaiul, Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cirencester A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Clio tencefier, in the County of Gloucester, to Crick lade, in Clickiade the County of Wilts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, that the Bill he committed to Mr. Hanger, Mr. Kynqfton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Thorolon, Sir John Cujl, Mr. More, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. IVh/chcot, Mr. Barry, Mr Calvert, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Gore, Mr. Trifi, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Smith, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mackworth, Sir Charles Mordaunf, Mr. Craven, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Walter, Mr. Cocks, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Vyner jnior, Lord Carysfort, iAr. Pitt, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Moore, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Bozves, Lord Verney, Mr. Hardinge, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Morton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Fonereau; And all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wills, Oxford, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, atFive of the Clock,in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mercers ' The House being informed that Mr. Caxone, Clerk Ccavanv. to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Taper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Warden u and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the 10th of October 1756, to " the lothof October 1757, directed to be laid before " each House of Parliament, by an Act, passed in the " 2ill Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intitided, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the " Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mer-1 4< cers of the City of London"

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Ta* ble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

' Una Tax Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Commit- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for f fionen. appointing Commidinners for putting in execution an Act of this Session of Parl iament, intituled, an Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be

I raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year

1758* and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to beafleifed upon Somerset House, in the Strand; was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in*at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then aSecond time, one by ode; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, vrith the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 28.

Ordered, Thatl.onlCarysfort,'\lr. Crefwell, Sir Francis Calder

Poole, Mr. Rose Fuller, Sir William Irby, Mr. aanbury, Natation Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Powell, dates'* Mr. Dodd, Mr. Probyn, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Beckford, M r. Amy and, Mr. Bekhier, Sir Robert Bur dell,

Mr. Bristow, Lord Du]fplin, Mr. Burrell, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Mr. Eger ton. Lord Register of Scotland, Mr.

Ingram, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Jones, GeneralCa;/?/;-bell, Mr. Edward Montagu, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

Moore, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sargent\

Mr. More, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Vyner, Sir John Turner, Mr. Vyner]\imoT, Mr. Willey, Mr. Worthy Montagu, Mr. Dugald Campbell, Mr. Worthy Montagu junior. Sir John Wynne, Mr. Chauncey Toioitfend;

Sir James Creed, be added to the Committee, to whorij the Petition of the Inhabitants, and of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Buildings, and Lands, in the Townshipo f Wakefield, in the County of Yoi'k,\s referred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Office* and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Emptoy-House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have ments* omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

Ordered, That the Bill to discontinue for a Time to Importation be limited, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported’ from Yreiand: from Ireland, be read a Second tinre upon Thursday Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Mercurii, i° die Mart it;

Anno 310 Georgii lldi Regis, 1)58.

Prayers.

THE Lord Royfion reported from the Committee, Wicken, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Pro- &c* prietors of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in that raina*c' Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called, the South Level; and also the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffe,* and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level; were severally referred; That the Committee had* examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had' dire6ied him to report the fame, as they appeared them, to the House; and he read the Report in hifc Place; and afterwards delivered it in ait the Clerk’s*

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first Petition,

Mr. John Simpson said. That the Lands described in the said Petition are subject to be overflowed, and are thereby rendered of little Value; that they are at present overflowed, but are capable of being drained; and when drained, will be greatly improved.

Robert Horsley confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

On the Second Petition;

Mr. Richard Dunthorne, Surveyor to the Corpora^ tion of Bedford Level, said, that 496 Acres of investeci Lands lie within the District proposed to be drained; that none of the said Lands have been let for many'

Years; but when the same are drained they may be’ fold, which will be of great Benefit to the Corporation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Landis and Low Grounds in the Ijle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise GrantOvfe, and Mildenhall Bivers, and bounded on the South East by the hard Lands of Ijleharrt, Fordham, Syham, and Wicken; and for empowering

1

Htniton

Road

Trent

River

Bridge*

112

Martii.

A. 1758.

powering the Governor, Bailiffs, and CommonallyjOf the Venables Vernon junior, do prepare, and bring in the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the fame.

Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A#, the said Limits, commonly called invested Lands: And to enable Mary Woollett, Spinster, notwithstanding her that the Lord Boyston, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Jennings, the Infancy, upon her Marriage with Bobert Mead V/ilmat Marquis of Granby, and Mr. John Yorke, do prepare, Esquire, to settle and convey her Eft ate and Interest in

V/oIItrt's

Marriage

certain Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, and in Two several Sums of Two ihou-sand Pounds, and Three hundred Pounds, to the Uses in certain Articles of Agreement mentioned, was read the First time.

Brfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Rill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, W ettmlnfa

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

Farmers, and other Persons, living in, near, and usually travelling on, the Road leading from the Town of Cub lampion, to the Town of Honifon, in the County of Devon, waspresented to the House, and read; alleging,

That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the House, an Act flbd in the th Year of the Reign of his pre-that We isgiven tobnng m a Bill for repairing the f t Ma^eft iotit(lfe| An Act for appointing a fuffl-Road from the West End of the Town of Chard in the dent N^m4r of Constables for the Service of the City County of Somrfet through the saidI Town.of IlonUon,and Libert of and to compel proper Per-

to a Place culled Fair Mde Im,in the g,d County of fons {0 on the office of jirymen, to pre-

71^'n/tn. onn thos rho kaoH ooninnr ti'Am hfnirtr/m rn f ,/L _ 1 _ ‘

ConOabics,

&C.

Devon; and that the Road leading from Honiton to Cul-lompton, through the several Parishes of Honiton, Aulifl combe, Buckerel, Peahembury, Bvoadliembury, KentiJbecr, and Cidlompton, are become so ruinous and bad in the

lent Nuisances, and other Offences, within the said City

and Liberty; was read a Second time.

Bejolved\ That the Bill be committed to Sir John

\\7' c r 1 r i m r 1 ultJ Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lvsler, Mr. Cartwright,

Winter Season, and in several Places are so narrowband Mr Ml, Mr. Mr. %</«, Sir

incommodious, and in rainy Seasons so deep and foun-derous, and in some Places so overflown withWater, that it is very dangerous, and at some Times impracticable, for Travellers and Carriages to pass thereon; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, by the present Methods prescribed by Law:

John Clip, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Crojj'e, Mr. Marlin, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Morton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. More, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Earle, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Robert. Burde/t, Mr. Yorke, Lord Strange, Mr. Townshend,$\\' Willoughby Aston, WLr. EUioit, Sir Armine IVodehoiefe, Mr. Nor they. Sir Francis

And therefore praying, That the said Road may be ex- 7 % \, 7^T ' r <} n

tended from the said Town of Honiton,through the fe- i^ Mr veral Parishes aforesaid, to the said Town of Cullomplon. Mr

Ordered, That the fed Petition be referred to the }Jr- ' }/' SXP

Conf,deration of a Committee: And that they do exa- r xr' mine the Matter thereof- and renort the same as it Gybbon> Mr* Fankes, Mr. Drake, Mr. Packer, Mr/

.11,

Andit is referred to Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, who serve for the Counties of Middhjcx,

Mr, Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Waller, Lord Roy- and the City of Jon, Mr. Lewis, Sir Robert. Long, Mr. G#n/, Mr. Lee, the{ arQe meet h-.s Afternoon at hive of the Click.

Mr. Born/, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Gore, ln

Mr. Lockyer, Mr. George OnJmv, Mr. Bante* Sir Francis. ()rfe.d> lhat al1 who come to the fa, d Committee

\if.. at.. d c- nave voices.

Mr. Brudenell, Mr. £///.?, Mr. Poore, Sir Edmund

Ordered, T\rdt the said Committee have Tower to fend

Electors

of

Knights of the enure.

Mr. Venables Vernon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the High Sheriff, and several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inhabitants of the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to

Jsham, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Fonereau, Lord r Vf p Downe, Mr. lFi7A«, Mr. Locke;and all the Members Persons, Papers, and Records.

who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, 6loner-The House was moved. That the First, Third, Fourth, jW.and Dorset:And they are to meet this After- Seventh, and Ninth Sections, of an A«, made in the noon,at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; x 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, amf have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- Act to esplain and amend the Laws touching the €or<^4 Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament

for that Part of Great Britain called England, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly

Ordered, nemine contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to obviate any Doubts that may arise, concerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called £/zg-. , Tf n ted; and for further regulating the Proceedings at the

them, to the House; and he read the Report mhis Place; Elections of such Knights of the Shire, and afterwards delivered ,t in at the Clerk s Table: Ordered, That Sir John Philipps, Mr. Townshend,

Where the same was read; and ,s as followeth; viz. Mr the Lord North, and the Lord

;r.I"SuPPort. the Allegations of the said Pet,hon, forl> do re> and bri in> the said Bill.

}y ilham Fitzherbert Esquire, being examined, laid, That

he knows the Passage over the River Trent, between the The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Endowment Counties of Leicester and Derby, at a Place called Wil- journed Debate, upon the Motion made upon Friday of :he

den Ferry, which leads to great Part of the County of last, That the ingrossed Bill for transferring certain South Fifty N ew

Der6y, and to the North-weft Parts of York/hireandiMn- Yea Annuities, standing in the Name of the late TVea- Churche* cashire; and that the said Ferry is subject to Ineonve- surer to the Commissioners for building Fifty new

niencies and Dangers by Floods; and that there are Churches, to Trustees, for the Benefit of the Rectors of

great Delays in the Passage: and that if a Bridge was Eight of those Churches; and for vesting certain Sites

built over the said River it would be of great Ad van- for Churches, purchased by the said Commissioners, in

tage to the Country, and to the Public in general. order to sell the same, for the Purposes in the said Biff,

Mr. William Fox confirmed the above Evidence. to be mentioned, do pass.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for A Motion was made, and the Question lein^ nut ~ That the Bill do pass; ° ’

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

building a Bridge cross the River Trent, at or near a Place called Wilden Feiry: And that Mr. Venables Vernon, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Robert Bardctt, and Mr.

Tellers

Supply.

Way* and Means*

Lcatherheid

Road.

3 i Geo. ll. i’ — 2°

Td.mforU,cYeaa,f^- . } 5s/

i Sir Richard Wdfwick

Tellers for the Noes,' Bumpfyldt, > 57.

I Mr. Hanger: )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act for transferring certain South Sea Annuities, (landing in the Name of the late Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches, unto the respective Rectors of Right of thofeChurches; and for veiling certain Sites for Churches purchased by the said Commissioners, in Trustees, in Order to sell the same, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir John Crosse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of *Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2° die Mar tit;

Anno 31* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1758. Prayers.

AP ETIT I ON of the Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other principal Inhabitants, reading in and near the Town of Kingston upon Thames, and the Road leading from thence to Leaf her head, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read j alleging, That the Petitioners find by the Votes, that a Bill is applied for, to repair the Road leading from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead, in the said County, through the Parishes of leatherhead, Fetcham, Great Rook hum, Little Book-ham, Effingham, East Ho r ft lei;, West Ilorfeley, East Clandon, West Clan don, and Merroio, to t lie Maypole Rt the upper End of Spittal, or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoke, near the Town of Guildford, in the said County; and also the Road from the said Town, over Guild Dmm, through the Parishes of St. Nicholas, Guildford, Compton, Wandborough, Tottenham, and Seal, to the Directing Post near the Town of Farnham; and setting forth, That the Road leading from the Stones End at Kingston, to the Town of Leatherhead, is in a ruinous Condition, dangerous for Passengers, and almost impassable for Carriages in the Winter Season, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws now in being; and alleging, That Ihonld an Act pass for repairing the Roads therein first above-mentioned, and the Road from Kingston to Leatherhead remain in the same ruinous Condition it now is, the taain Road now used from London through Kingston to Guildford, which is the ancient and direct Road to Portsmouth, will probably be totally diverted, and the Town of Kingston, which is now principally supported thereby, will be greatly injured: And therefore praying, That the said Road leading from the Stones End at Kingston upon Thames, to the Town of Leatherhead, may be included in any Bill that shall be brought into the House for repairing the Roads therein first above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition offeveral Gentlemen, Freeholders,andother Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living in the County of Surrey, on Behalf of themselves, and many others travelling the Roads therein after-mentioned, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Voi. 28.

Martii. 113

Petition, and report die fame, as it IK&L appear to them, tothd House: 1

Ordered, That the Lord Carpenter; Mr. Hardinge?

Mr. Shirley, Mr. Hunter, Mr. [jane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. HowaM, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Pryec Campbell; be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Ingram; Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Leeds,

Hewett, Mr. Bridgman, Lord Dupplin, be added to the Uc. Committee, to whomthe Bill for repairing the Roadfrorii Roa°: Leeds to Sheffield, in the County oiYorki is committed.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Go- Bristol vernor, Deputy Governor, Assistants; and Guardians of fW: the Poor, within the City of Bristol, which was presented-to the House upon the 10th Day otFibriiary iaft, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be kgairi read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fanrfe, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Hanger;

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Bankes, Mr. West, Mr; More, Mr:

Barrozv, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Clift;

Mr. Barry, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Potter, Mr. Qlay ton,

Mr. Fellozvcs, Mr. George Oyjlow, Mr. Butler Ms. Lane5 Mr. Northey, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Bacon; Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Symmonds, Sir,

Thomas Clavering, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Rushout, Mr.

Pye, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Hayzvard, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Chef ter, Mr:

Alderman Dickinson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, Hereford, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five' of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Amcotts reported from the Committee, to whom Doom-ton the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads frora-i)^ High Bridge i ngton High Bridge, to I I ale Drove, and to the Eighth MHe Road*.

Stone, in the Parilli of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committce had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after* wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout j and then a Sec ond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; one of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Gerittemcrf, and ofbe'rs, Inhabit odcombe tants of the several Counties of Somerset and Devon, and

usually travelling the Roadsfrom Odcombe, over Hamdon Road.

Hill, to Petherfon Bridge, Ilford Bridge, and Aifhill, and from Petherfon Bridge aforesaid, to 1 VindwhiftleTurnpikq Gate; and from a certain Place, called St. RaneHill, to Horton Elm, in the Parish of llminster, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Roads are in many Places in a ruinous Condition, and very narrow, and incommodious; and alleging, that the said Roads cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law; and taking Notice, that a Petition has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Chard to Honiton, and from Chard through llminster to Petherfon Bridge And therefore praying, That Provision may be made In the said Bill lor repairing and widening the Roads above-mentioned; in such Manner as the House shall think Rt.

G g Ordered;

2° — 3° Martti. t

Morris’s

Salt

Manufactute.

i?4i

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do example the Matter thereof \ fend report the fame, as it shall appear to them, ta the House i

Artd it is referred to Lord North, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Willoughby Ajion, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Mcdlycott, Sir Matthew Lambey Mr. Gore, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Drake, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Afore, Sir William Beauchamp Pro lor, Mr. For-rester, Mr. Ctifnpvbtl, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Charles Kemp' Tynte, Mr Thoroton, Sir JWw Crojje, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Saudys, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Felloioes, Sir*Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Potter, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles*Mordaunt, Mr. 7V//f, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. ifcwr/, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Moly-neux, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Townshend, S\r John Philipps, Mr. Nugent, Sir Francis Dashiooood, Mr. Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bankcs, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Leivis, Lord Barnard, Mr. Lee, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Clayton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Cornwall, Devon, and Dorfeli And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Robert Hunter Morris, Esquire, which was presented to the House upon the nth Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Potter, Mr. Comeivall, Mr. Hanger, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Smith, Lord George SackviUc, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Moore, Mr. Fe'aval, Mr. Fuller, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Toionjhend, Mv. Oswald, Mr. Bond, Sir Roger Neivdigate, Mr. Hobart, John Philipps, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Fra?icis Dash-wood, Mr. Northey, Sir JohnCufi, Mr. Affleck, SWCharles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Tucker, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Molyneux, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Crefwell. Mr. More, Lord Verney, Mr. Bankcs, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Chauncy Townsend, Mr. Trifi, Mr. Gore, Mr. Anson, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Martin, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Amy and; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records , and all who come are to have Voices.

A. 1758.

to thq House,.fend rea c; sieging, That ,the Petitioner is ad^ifed,-.thut his Property, as Tenant of the said Mills, may be very materially alfefted in Consequence of the said Petition of foveral of the principal inhabitants ot Manchester: And therefore praying. That he may be heard by hinffelf or Counsel, before the Committee, to whom the said Petition is referred, touching all such Matters as may affect the Petitioner as Tenant of the said Mills.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred-to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is referred: and the Petitioners, if they think fit, are to be severally heard by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their several Petitions.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Newdigate be added to the said Committee.;

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting ofhis Majesty’sLanrl Forcesand Marines was committed, be received upon this Day sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itfejf into a Committee of the whole

Recruiting

the

Land Forces*

Importation4 of Cattle

House, to conlkler further of the Duties upon Skins and tr m re and* Hides imported into Great Britain, so far as the same relate to Skins and Hides imported from Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till To-morow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Verterisy 30 die Martii 3 , *

Anno 310 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Comtnon

Importation of Cattle

Manchester

School

Mills.

Ditto

A Petition of the Feoffees of the Frec Grammar School, and School Mills, in the Town of Manchester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said School Mills are settled upon the Petitioners, and others, in Trust, for the Maintenance of the said School, and other charitable Purposes; and taking Notice, That a Petition of several Inhabitants of Manchester, hath been presented to the House, in Relation to the Custom of Grinding at the said Mills; and alleging. That if a Bill should be passed, pursuant to certain Proposals in Writing delivered to the Petitioners, by the Agent for ~ the said Inhabitants, it is apprehended it will greatly , dirainish the Value of the said Mills, and frustrate the pious and charitable Intentions of the Founder of the .* laid School, and other Charities: And therefore pray-: ing, That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves or* Counsel, against the said Petition, or such Parts thereof, as may affect the said Charities.

/ A Petition of William Dawson, of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, Gentleman, Tenant of the School Mills in thesaidTowaof Manchester, was also presented

V. ’M

Council, Merchants, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough and Parish.of BarneJtuple, in the horn Ireland. County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners are informed by. the Votes, that the House has under Consideration,. a Petition of the Tallow-chandlers and Dealers in Candles of the Cities of London and Westminster; submitting to the House, Whether the Admiliion of Irish Tallow be not a likely Means of reducing the prefect Price of Candles , and these Petitioners pray the House, to take under their Consideration, Whether the free Importation of live Cattle into, this Kingdom from Ireland, ‘.would not be a Means of supplying the Pastures of this Kingdom with horned Cattle, so greatly diminished by the Distemper among them; and whether, by feeding them here, the Price of Tallow would not be greatly lessened, the Estates much better able to bear and pay their Taxes, and this Kingdom be enabled to supply our Fleets with Beef on reasonable Terms*, and the wicked Practice of supplying our Enemies with Provisions, and the Smuggling of Soap and Candles, from Ireland, greatly prevented; all which the Petitioners humbly pray the House to take into Consideration, and do therein as to them Ifiall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petifciondo lie upon the Table, until the Bill be brought in pursuant to the Resolution, which, upon Friday the 24th Day of February last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Laws which prohibit the Importation of Cattle from Ireland; and of the Duties upon Skins and Hides imported into Great Britain; so far as the same relate to Skins and Hides imported from Ireland\ and was then agreed to by the House; relating to the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

Mr. John Walter reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor, Deputy Governor,

Assistants,

Pour.


1 Geo. II. 30 Martii'. ti c

Afliftaffts, And Guardians of: thfc Poor of’ the City and County of Exon, under their Common Seal, was re* ferred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had direCed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it rn at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of* his late Majesty King William the 3d, intituled, An Act for ereCing Hospitalsand Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, was read; whereby it appeared, That a Corporation, constituted in Manner therein mentioned, was to continue for ever as a Body Politic and Corporate, to be called by the Name of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians of the Poor, of the City and County of Exon; and to have the Care and provide for the Maintenance of the Poor of the said City and County; and were empowered to raise £.3,000 within the Space of Three Years from the passing thereof, for erecting and building the said Hospitals or Workhouse for the Purposes of the said AC; but no Provision is thereby made for furnishing the said Hospitals; and were also empowered to raise such Sums as shall be needful for the Maintenance of the Poor within the Care of the said Corporation, so as the famefhould not exceed what had been paid in the said City and County towards the Maintenance of the Poor thereof, in any One of the three last Years: And,

Mr. Humpby Leigh, Clerk to the said Corporation, produced to your Committee, a Book of the Proceedings of the said Corporation, commencing 10th June, 10th William the 3d, wherein are entered the Proceedings of the said Corporation; whereby it appeared, that Elections have been made in Manner directed by the said AC; and it further appeared, that there was raised on the said City, in the Year 1695, £.2,709 123. 2 d. in 1696, £.2,907 193*. 3 d. and in 1697, £.2,908 is. o d.

And the said Mr. Leigh said, That an Hospital is built, which has cost at lead £. 5,000, besides the Furniture of the lame, so that the Governors have been obliged to borrow large Sums for the Building and Furniiliing the fame, and for Materials for setting the Poor at Work* for which Bonds have been given under the Corporation Seal, and for which large Sums have been paid for Interest.

Mr. Thomas Binford produced lo your Committee, several Bonds under the Corporation Sea!, for Money borrowed, amounting to £.644 8.?. od.; and said, That the whole Debt upon Bonds is now £.1,434 16X. od.; and that the Interest now due thereon is £. 936 11 s. 4 d. besides Three Years Interest more, which will be due at Lady Day 1761; at which Time the Principal and interest on the said Bonds is proposed to be paid off and . discharged: Then

The said Mr. Leigh produced to your Committee, an Account, under the Seal of the said Corporation, and signed by the Governor, and which he, the Witness, extracted from the Books of the Corporation, and favv it signedand sealed, of theannual Deficiencies which have, from time to time, arisen from the Rates levied on the City and County of Exon, in pursuance of the said AC, by which it appears, that the Deficiency of the £.3,000, given by the said Act for building the Hospital, amounts unto the Sum of £.69 12 s. 8 d.; and that the Deficiencies of the £.2,900 to be raised in each Yeai, from the Year 1702 to 1756, both inclusive, amount unto the Sum of£.4,541 16 J. 5d.%, which being added to the said former Deficiency, make together the Sum of £.4,611 95*. 1 d. i; and that the Debt of the Corpo-,ration upon Bonds and Interest, including£. 16773’. 9d. Interest for the said Three Years, amount unto £.2,538 15s. id.; and upon simple ContraC Debts £.820 5 s. 6d.; in the Whole, to the Sum of £. 3,359 os. 'jd.; and said, that the Corporation have certified to the Mayor and Justices, the Sum of£. 2,900

Vol. 28.

to have been raised annually for the Purposes in the said AC mentioned; but that by reason of the Deficiencies which have happened in raising the said Poors Piates, occasioned by Insolvencies, Deaths, and Removals of Per foils rated, and many Ffoufes being unoccupied or deserted, after the Rates were made, there being no Provision in the said AC for a Re-assessment so as to raise the fame, and by the great Increase of Poor, and Scarcity and Dearnefsof Provisions, the Corporation have incurred the said Debt, which they are unable to pay, and goon with the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor; and that the Creditors of the said Corpo* ration have threatened, and an Action is actually brought against the Corporation for the Recovery of a Debt of between Five and Six hundred Pounds, iu which Action they have obtained Judgment, with a Stay of Execution only till the First of March Instant; and that if they should levy Execution on the Goods and Furniture of the said House, the Infant, Impotent, Disorderly, and Sick Poor, now therein, in Number 228, would be turned out of the said House upon the said City, to the great Annoyance thereof; that the said Corporation maintain annually more than One thousaftd Poor out of the said House as Out Poor.

That there being no Provision in the said AC for deducing the Charges in Cafes of Distress, for Non-payment of the Rates, out of the Goods to be distrained for *

such Rates, the Corporation are at the foie Charge of such Distress.

And further said, That the said AC direCs, that the Guardians of the said Poor shall be cliofe by the Inhabit tants of the Ward, paying Two pence a Week to the Poor, without direCing that the Persons so chosen shall be Payers towards the Relief of the said Poor; and that Persons eleCed Guardians, are to continue for Life, there being no Power to remove them upon any Occrfion, which has been found detrimental; arid there being no Provision to eleC new Guardians in the Room -of such, as, by becoming Aldermen of the said City, are thereby taken out from the other Forty Guardians, by which Means the Number of Guardians is lessened, to thte Hindrance of the Business of the said Corporation.

Oj'dered, That Leavebe given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 9th and 10th Years Of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for ereCing Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there: Andy that Mr. John Walter, Mr. Tuck field, and Sir Richard Warwick Bamp-fylde, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord North reported from the Committee, to Chard whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Roads,

others, usually travelling from the Town of Chard, in the County of Somerset, through the several Parishes of Chard, Combs, St. Nicholas, Knoivle, St. Giles's, It-minster, Whitelackinton, Sevington St. Alary, Sevington Abbot, Sevington St. Michael, Lopcn, and South Petherton, to Petherton Bridge, in the Parish of South Pettier-ton , and from the Town of Ilminster aforesaid, to Ash~ zc ell, Ilford Bridges, and Packing ton, to a certain Lane, called Puckington Lane, in the Parish of Puckington aforesaid, where the Langport Turnpike Road ends; and from a certain Place, called Peafemarsh Lane, in the Parish of Ilminster aforesaid, through Donyat and Horifon, to Ashili-Gate, in the Parish of Ashill, in the said County of Somerset, where the Taunton Turnpike ends; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had direCed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth \ viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

George Warry and Mr. Robert Burd, being examined, fold. That the said Roads are public and common Highways;

II(>

3° Marin.

A. 1758;

ways; and by reason of the Deepness of the Soil, and heavy Carriages pacing through the fame, are in a ruinous Condition, and in several Places very narrow and incommodious: That there are several Rivers running cross the said Roads, which, in Time of Floods, cannot be passed without great Danger; and that the said Roads cannot be repaired and widened, and Bridges built over the said Rivers, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, wh6 are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing the Road from the West End of the Town of Chard, in the County of Somerset, through the Town of Honiton, to a Place, called the Fair Mile Inn, in the County of Devon, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Chard, through Ilminster, to Petherton Bridge, in the Pari Hi of South Pettier ton-, and from the Town of II tninster, to a certain Lane, called Puckingion Lane, in the Parish of Puckingion; and from a Lane called Pease-marJhLane, in the Parishof Ilminster, to Ashill Gate, in the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That the Lord North be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said J Bill.

Woodcock, Sec. golds.

High Price of Grain, &c.

of the Poor, so far aS the same relates to Apprentices gaininga Settlement by Indenture: And the same wa£ received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

Mr. Townshend presented to the House, according 16 Militi^ Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better ordering* of the Militia Forces, in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the I Ioufe, accord- Birmingham ing to Order,a Bill tocontinueandrendermore effectual an<|^cshHA Two Acts, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his 0 s* late Majesty, and in the 18th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Birmingham to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Setiie/nent

of

Apprentices

by

Indenture.

An ingossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock through Kidding ton and Enstone, to Rollright -J^ane, and Enjlow Bridge, to Kiddington aforesaid; and for making the said Act more effectual; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titje be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 24 th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the 'Perm and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enftone, to Rollright Lane;and Evftow Bridge, to Kiddington aforesaid; and for making the said Act more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynoften do tarry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are there-underwritten, fonie of Whom are Owners and Occupiers of Wind, and Water C orn Mills, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, and in the County of Nottingham, atlarge, and others of whom are Inhabitants of Nottingham, and other adjacent Places, in Behalf of themselves, and all other Owners and Occupiers of Corn Mills, and other Inhabitants of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners observe with great Satisfaction, the Resolution of a Committee of this House; that the Violences committed in many Parts of this Kingdom, have been one Cause of the present high Price of Corn, by preventing the proper and usual Circulation thereof; and further alleging, That not only the Petitioners, the Owners and Occupiers of Corn Mills, but all the Inhabitans of Not-singham, and the Country adjacent in general, have been great Sufferers by the late Riots: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and pursue such Measures for redrafting the Grievance now complained of, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Edmund Ijharn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation and Sup-plying the Defects of feheformer Laws so;* the Settlement

Office*.

and

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I Ioufe, to eonfider Further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of Wqys and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps have Leave to make Fortifications a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock: Gioiimar.

And lie moved the House accordingly;

That an Account of the Charge of the several Works carried on at Gibraltar, by the particular Order of Lord Tyraxriey,\?iXe Governor there, belaid before this House; together with the Report and Opinion of the Chief Engineer, in regard to the said Works.

The House was moved, That the following Entry in the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1758, Land Service, might be read; viz.

" Money issued toanfsver Bills of Exchange, on Account u of Alterations and Additions to the Fortifications, new " Lines, Batteries, and Works at Gibraltar

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That an Account of the Charge of the several Works carried on at Gibraltar, by the particular Order of Lord Tyrawley, late Governor there, be laid before this House; together with the Report and Opinion of the Chief Engineer, in regard to the said Works.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Dafhwood be added to the Gentlemen,who are appointed to prepare, and bringin, a Bill for giving a more speedy Remedy to the Subject upon the Writ of Habeas Corpus.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Writs of Habeas Coffui

31 Geo. II. 6° M 117

Lunce, 6* <&<? Martii;

Anno 31* GeorgiilP1 Regis, 1758.

Pray e rs.

Hooiton TV/TR. Kynaston reported from the Committee, t Road. -I\X whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy’ freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, living in, near, and usually travelling on, the Road leading from the Town of Cullompton to the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; 'viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr.' Thomas Augustus Crunys and Mr. George Warty severally said. That the Road leading from Honiton to Cullompton, in the County of Devon, through the several Places described in the Petition, are become very ruinous, and are subject to be overflown with Water, so that it is difficult and dangerous for Carriages and Travellers to pals thereon, and are in several Places very narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be effectuallyrepai red and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing the Road from the West End of the Town of Chard, in the County of Somerset, through the Town of Iionifon, to a Place called Fair Mile Inn, in the County of Devon, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the Road from the said Town of Honiton, through the Parishes of Honiton, Awlefcombe, Bucher ell, Peahembury, Broadhembury, and Kentijbeer, to the Town of Cullompton, in the said County of Devon.

Bristol Mr. Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, to Poor. whom the Petition of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians of the Poor, within the City of Bristol, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Several Acts of Parliament were read, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor within the City of, Bristol , by which Acts a Corporation is constituted for that Purpose, with Power to raise Money, by the Methods therein directed; but the Money raised in One Year is not to exceed £. 4,500 except for the Payment of Debts, in which same they are further impowered to raise£. 2,coo in Four Years: And,

John Brick dale Esquire, and Richard Leadbeter, Clerk to the said Corporation, being severally examined, said. That the said annual Sum of,£. 4,500 is insufficient for the Purposes of the said Acts, notwithstanding the utmost Care add Frugality has been observed in the Application thereof: That the Poor within the said City are greatly increased of late Years, which the Witnesses impute to the advanced Price of Provisions, and the Absence of many Fathers and Supporters of Families in the War by Sea and Land: That the Corporation have not been able to relieve many Persons whodeferved Relief, though they have already contracted a very considerableDebt; and that it will be impossible to support the increasing Number of Poor in the said City, without Power to raise ' more Money for that Purpose, even if Provisions were at the common Price.

And Mr. Leadbeter produced an Account, by which it appeared, that the Corporation have contracted a Debt of 917 £. 15s. 5d. within the last Two Years.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Vol. 28.

18th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for rendering more effectual the several Acts passed for the erecting of Hospitals and Workhouses within the City oiBrtflol, for the better employing and maintaining of the Poor thereof; and for making the said Act more effectual: And that Mr. Jarrit Smith,

Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Nugent, and Sir John Philipps, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Sir John Gordon reported from the Committee, to Pr^fton whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed by an Act Pans Of Parliament, of the 26th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, 1 Wgc^IC# intituled, An Act for laying a duty of Two Penies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, v/ithin the Town and Pa- -rifli of Preston Pans, in the Shire of East Lothian, otherwise Iladdingloun, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; there-uno subscribing; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said Act was produced, and read.

And by an Account produced to your Committee of the Receipts and Ditburfements of the said Duty, and of the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, it appeared, that there was due and owing upon the 4th Day of July 1757 (upon the Credit of the said Duty) the Sum of£. 1,050 exclusive of Interest incurred thereon.

And several Members present informed your Committee, That the said Accounts have been duly examined and approved by the Overseers appointed by the said Act; and that the utmost Care and Diligence have been used in executing the Works by the said Act directed to be performed, and that great Progfefs has been made therein; particularly that a Workhouse has been fitted up, whereinthe Poor of the said Parish are now lodged, maintained, and employed; and that great Progress hath been made in deepening the Harbour of Morrif-on's Haven, and building the Piers thereof; and that the whole has been carried on in the most frugal Manner:

That fmce the said th Day of July 1757 (when the said Account was settled) the Trustees have proceeded in the Repairs of the said Harbour, and have contracted further Debts, to enable them so to do; but that there are further Works yet necessary, which it will be impossible to carry into Execution, and pay the Debt already contracted, unless the said Act be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act made in the 26th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Pehy Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped,or fold, within the Town and Parish of PreJlonPans, in the Shire of East Lbthian, Othertoife Haddingtoun, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Sir John Gordon and Mr; Oswald do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, ibtitnled. An Act Woollett’i to enable Mary Woollett, Spinster, nottVithftahding her Marriage Infancy, upon her Marriage with Robert Mead Tlilmoi Sell emcflto Esquire, to settle and convey lief Estate and Interest in certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, , in the County of Kent, and in Two several Sums of Two thousand Pounds and Three hundred Pounds, to the Uses in certain Articles of Agreement mentioned, was read a Second time.

Be/olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. liar-dinge, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Martin, Sir John Gordon, Mr. George Onjlow, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hanger, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. A?ifoil, Mr. Grenville. Mr.

Hh Wilkinjbn,

r 18 6° Martil. A. 1758.

Wilkinson, Mr. Kynqflon, Mr. West, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Trift, Sir John Cvfi, Mr. Sandy s. Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Ridley, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Vernon, Mr. More, Mr. Mr. Bidler, S\t Francis Poole, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Moore, Mr. Gast ivy, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Nugent, Sir Edward Walpole, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Powell, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Jenyns, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Lord Malpas; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby,

Nottingham, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Yarmouth Sir Edward Walpole reported from the Committee, to Small Debts. w|lorn the Petition of the Traders and Inhabitants of the Borough of Gmz/ Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many other Traders and inhabitants within the said Borough, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the RefoJutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

William Mariyn Esquire, being examined, said. That many Persons take Advantage of the Difficulties that Creditors labour under in recovering small Debts, and frequently refuse to pay their just Debts:

That when Trade is bad, Labourers would not be able to subsist, unless their Employers were to advance them small Sums; and the Recovery thereof is attended with great Expence; and that he knows Instances of Persons being thrown into Prison for small Debts: and that it would be a great Advantage to the said Borough if a Court was established, there, for the Recovery of small Debts in a more expeditious and less expensive Manner. Upon the whole Matter your Committee came to the following Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ‘ That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough of Great Yarmouth.

Ordered, Thai*Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts' within the Borough of Great Yarmouth: and that Sir Edward Walpole and Mr. Charles Townshend of Yarmouth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kew Mr. George Onjlozo reported from the Committee, to

Bridge, whom the Bill, to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the River of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite Shore,.in the county of : Surrey, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and; found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereto; which they haddirected him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, andafierwardsdeliveredthe Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, oqe by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iirgrossed.

Odcombe, The Lord North reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, Iu-b 17

habitants of the several Counties of Somerset and Devon, and usually travelling the Roads from Odcombe, over Hamdon Hill, to Pelherton Bridge, Ilford Bridge, and Aijhill, and from Pettier ton Bridge aforesaid to Wind Whijlle 7turnpike Gate, and from a certain Place called St. Rane Hill to Horton Elm, in the Parish of I bn infer, in the County of SomeiJet, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. George Warry and Mr. Robert Burd severally said. That the said Roads are public and common Higii-wa}rs, and are in many Places in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Parts very narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing the Road from the West End of the Town of Chai'd, in the County of Somerset, through the Town of ILoniton, to a Place called Fair Mile Inn, in the County of Devon, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the Roads from Odcombe, over Hamdon Hill, and Petherton and Ilford Bridges, to Aijhill, and from Petherton Bridge to Wind Whijlle Turnpike, and from St. Rane Hill to Horton Elm, in the Parish of //-m infer, in the County of Somerset.

The Lord Royfton presented to the House, according Chatterit, to Order, a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen &c. Lands, low Grounds, and Commons, hi the Parishes of Dramage* Chatteris and Doddington, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

’ Major General Cornwallis reported from the Com- Westminster mittee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Com Names are thereunto subscribed, 1 inhabitants of the City Market, and Liberty of Wefimhfer, and County of Middlesex, was referred, Th*t the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, made in the 5th and 6th Year of the Reign of King Edxvard the Sixth, against Regrators, Forestal-lers, and Engroffers, was read: Then

Thomas Nichols Esquire, a Farmer in Middlesex, informed your Committee, That there is no free Corn Market nearer to London than Brentford: And

Mr. Thomas Savage, a Corn Factor, being examined, said, That there is no public Market for Sale of Com and Grain nearer to London than Brentford: That he knows the general Practice of felling Corn at Mark Lane: That the old Place was Bear Key; but a Set of Gentlemen agreed together to build a private Place to fell Corn in: That they would not call it a Market; but gave it the Name of the Corn Exchange, on purpose to make a private Property of it: That whilst it was building he was told by Mr. Samuel Birch, One of the Proprietors, That he should not come to fell his Corn there: Accordingly, the First Day the Exchange was opened, Mr. Birch acquainted him, That, if he offered to fell his Goods there, he should be prosecuted: That several Persons agreed to try the Cause with the 1 Proprietors, whether they could make it a private " Property, or not: They refused coming to Tryal; but employed a Beadle, who, when the Witness and others were shewing their Goods, told them, They had no Right there; that it was a private Property; and that he had Ordersfrom the Proprietors to beat the Samples

out

3i Geo. II. 6° Martii.

119

out of their Hands, and to turn them out of the Exchange} and that Mr. Birch, in the Beadle's Absence, had used him in the same Manner.

Mr. confirmed the above Evidence in every Particular, being One of those who had been affronted in that Manner.

Mr. John Warren, Farmer at Shoreham, confirmed the above as to the Behaviour of the Beadle.

Mr. Scholey, Com Factor, being asked, if he was acquainted with the Manner of doing Business at Mark Lane, answered. That he has been there ever since it was begun; that it was never intended to be free Market; that his Reasons for thinking so were, that a Gentleman, who had served iz Years Clerkthip, applied to the Proprietors of the Exchange for a Stole or Stand, which they refused him: Another Instance he gave, viz. Mr. Gurney, who had served Five Years Clerkthip, applied as above, and was refused; and the Reasonassigned for such Refusal was, that he intended to take in a Partner: The Friends, of Mr. Burn, the Person Mr. Gurney intended to take in as Partner, doubting the Right of the Proprietors to make it a private Market, lent Word, that unless they admitted Mr. Bum to be in Parternship with Mr. Gurney, they would immediately enter an Action against them; upon which the Proprietors admitted him:

That there are 28 or 30 Leases given of the Exchange which do not descend to any Heir, but expire at the Death of the Possessor; nor can any Possessor, in case he becomes a Bankrupt, or in any Shape compounds with his Creditors, ever be admitted to fell there again: That he has seen Mr. Birch attempt; and hasfeen the Beadle turn People off the Exchange:

And the said Mr. Birch being called, declared to your Committee, That the said Exchange is the Property of private People, who think they have a Liberty to hinder People from coming the re.

Mr. Samuel Thoyts wras examined: Who said, He is employed in buying Beans for the West Indies: That the Method of felling Beans is on Board the Ken/ish Hoys at Wool Quay, near the Custom-house: That the principal Time for such Sale Day is on Monday, in the Morning: That there are a Set of People who make it their Business to go on Board the Hoys by Candle-light in the Morning, on their first hearing of a Convoy going for the West Indies, and buy the Beans, before other People can get on board the Hoys, and afterwards fell them at an advanced Price: And

Thomas NicholsYLtquke, beingagainfurtherexamined, said, That a Corn Market at Westminster would be of great Benefit to the Farmers; they would be encouraged to bring their Corn there, and could fell it cheaper; because they could carry Manure back, to improve their Lands; by which Means, he thinks, the Corn might be afforded One Shilling in ft Quarter cheaper.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine into that Part of the Petition which relates to Frauds and Abuses in the Sale of Hay and Straw. And,

The said Mr. Nichols informed }rour Committee, That the Methodof fell i n g Hay at t h e IIay market., Westminster,

is by assigning it to Saiefmeii, who are 7 or 8 in Number; who have is. $d. a Load for felling it, is. a Load for drawing it from the Market to the Buyer, and is. a Load allowed by the Farmer to be spent on the Buyer; so that the whole is a Tax of 3s. 3d. a Load for felling it; but never tell the Farmer who they fell it to: That he thinks, if a public Register was to be appointed, and a Prohibition laid upon buying Hay before it comes to Market, it would be a Check upon the Salesmen, and prevent Frauds being committed by Servants, who may now buy a Load of Hay for 52 s. and charge £.3, which Gentletpeli cannot prevent; but if a Register was established for the Sale of Hay, both the Farmer and Gentleman might have Reeourse to it, and fee the Price it fold for, and thereby prevent any Fraud by the Saiefmen or the Person buying: That it would be very useful vto have a weighing Place in the Market, to prevent Frauds in the Weight.

Vol. 28.

Mr. Daniel Hawkins, Farmer in Harrow Parish, con firmed Mr. Nichols's Evidence, withrefpe£t tot lie Manner of felling Hay in the Haymarkel\ and added, That he has heard the Salefrnen settle what the Price of the Market was to be: and that he thinks some Regulation necessary in the Sale of Hay.

Mr. Cordzvall being examined, said, That he has known the Salefrnen meet in a Morning, to settle the Price; and when he has called One of them, to buy a Load of Hay, that Salesman has allied the rest " How is " it to he to-day/’ mentioning the Price; that they then fixed the Price, and he paid it: That he suspetSls the Salesmen send to the Farmers, to prevent their fending their Hay too fall into the Market, that they may keep up the Price :That he has known the Saiefmen go to Smiihfield and Whitechapel in a Morning, in order to settle the Price of Hay at those Three Markets; and that if the Salefrnen were to fix the Price at £.3 or 4 a Load, they might do it, and the Buyer can’t help himself.

Mr. John Warrington, Stable-keeper, said, That he apprehends the Farmercan very seldom have a fairPrice for his Goods; for he has bought from 5 to 10 Loads of Hay in the same Market, in the same Day, at one cer-' tain Price per Load, which has often belonged to a.* many different Farmers, and the Quality of the 1 lay often from 5s. to js. per Load Difference; so that the Farmer mull have what Price the Salefrnen please to give him; and they are often Dealers in Hay themselves, and fell their own Hay with that of the Farmers:

That Salefrnen and Hay Jockies, who buy Hay in the Country for the London Markets, very often put Rubbish made wet into the Middle of the Truffes, which can’t be discovered ’till the Truss is unpacked: That he has seen 8 or lolb of such Rubbifti in One Truss; which, if not immediately found out, spoils the good Hay by heating:

That there is no Weight fixed for the Sale of Straw: That the general Rule is 361b. but has often found it deficient; and knows of no Method of Punishment for such Frauds: That the Jockey men buy the greatelt Part of the Straw to fell again, whereby that Commodity is monopolized; and that he thinks, the Price would be reduced, if a Prohibition was laid on buying to fell , again.

Mr. Wright confirmed Mr. Warrzng/on's Evidence with regard to Straw; and added, That he has often found it deficient in Weight; and has applied to Justices of the Peace, who declared they could not relieve him.

Mr. John Nezvport said, That he once saw a Man unbind Straw, water it, and bind it up again in less Quantities: And

Mr. Cordzvall, beingagain called, said, That he has seen Straw wet in the Middle of the Truss, and so hot that he could hardly hold his Hand in it: That when he has taken the wet Part out, the Remainder has been worth but is. 6d. per Truss.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a free Market, for the Sale of Corn and Grain, within the City or Liberty of Westminster; and for regulating the Sale of Hay and Straw: And that Major General Cornzvallis, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Cooke, and Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord George Sackville reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time3 one by one;

Westminficf

Corn

Market*

Dover

Harbour.

L»

ia©

Chawton Pond to Gosport Road.

Ditto.

Ditto.

6° Martii.

A. 1758.

and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Several of the Gentlemen, CIergy, Free-holders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road from Odiham, in the Said County, through Southwarnborough, Herriard, Bradley Lane, Preston Candover, Chilton Candover, Old Alresford, iVca; Aires-jfa/v/, Titchbourne, Cheriton, and Prejhazv, to the Town of Bishops Waltham, in the same County, is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow and deep in many Places, and dangerous to Passengers, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may begivento bring in a Bill for repairing the Road aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Committee, to wlmm the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Southampton, was referred, be revived.

Ordered, That the said Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Southampton, now presented to the House, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others. Inhabitants of the County of Southampton, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from a Place called Hedge Corner, on the Barnet Common, in the Parish of Colmore, to the Town of Petersfield, in the said County, is in a very ruinous Condition, almost impassable, and very dangerous to all Persons and Cattle paflingover the fame; and alleging, that the ordinary Course appointed by Law is not Sufficient, nor are the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Road goes, of Ability to repair the fame; and further alleging, that the Petitioners have been informed that a Bill is now depending in the House for repairing the Road from Gosport to AUon: And therefore praying. That a Clause may be added, for repairing the Road branching therefrom at the Place called Hedge Corner, and leading to the Town of Petersfield, as aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the County of Southampton, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners having this Session presented their Petition to the House, for repairing the Roads from Gosport, through Far eh am, Wick-ham, Bishops Waltham, Kilmarfon, Hinton, Brandean, Sutton Farm, and Ropely Dean, to the Town of Alton, in the said County; but from a Survey since made of the several Roads leading from Gosport to Alton aforesaid, it appears, that the Road leading from Gosport through Fareham, Wickham, Bishops Waltharn, Bishops Dozen, Corhampton Dozen, Rivers Dean, Filmer Hill, East Tifled, Farringdon, and Chawton, near the Town of Alton, is Three Miles nearer than the Road set forth ’ in their said Petition; and that the repairing the same will be of greater Life and Advantage to the adjacent Country, being also the common Pod Road; but is piow in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Method prescribed by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave jnay be given to bring in a Bill for effectually repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to -the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House,

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom Tetbury the Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Perforts, RoadiL

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Inhabitants of the County of Gloucester, and residing near and usually travelling the high Roads therein after-mentioned, lying in the County of Gltm-refer; and also the Petition of thedentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Clothiers, Landholders, and others, the Inhabitants of the several Towns and Villages of Stroud,

Minchin Hampton, Horseley, Nailfzcorth, Woodchester, and Rodborough, and others in their Neighbourhood, in the county of ' Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto annexed, on behalf of themselves, and many others; were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them*, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. James Dalby, Mr. James Beale, and Mr. James Smith, were examined, by whose Evidence it appeared,

That the said Roads are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow, and incommodious for Carriages; and that the same cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BUI for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury 10 the Gates on the West of Simmons Hall Dozen, and from the Turnpike Gate, at the Top of Frocefier Hill, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards Bath, and from the Field, called Bouldozon Sleight* to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horsley to Tetbury, near Tittup's Inn, and from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchin Hampton Common, and from the said Road on Minchin Hampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Act, and from the said Turnpike Road to Taylors MHI Pond, in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide, to the Bottom of the Bourne Hilt, in the Coimty of Gloucester:

And that Mr. Berkeley, Sir Francis DaJ/nvood, and Mr.

Chester, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Crafler be added to the Coni- Hamlter^ mittee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Inclosure. Moors and Commons within the Chapelry of Hamper-ley, in the Manor of Wolfngham, in the County of Durham, is committed.

A Petition of several of the Tallow Chandlers and Imputation Dealers in Candles, and of the principal Inhabitants and of Tallow Manufacturers of the Town of Nottingham, who are ttom *40 large Consumers of Candles, on behalf of themselves and the poor Manufacturers and Labourers of the(aid Town,

Was presented to the House, and read; complaining.

That the Price of Candles hath, of late Years, been raised very high; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Importation of Tallow from Ireland,

Duty free, will be a Means to lower the Price of Candles: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief therein as the Nature of the same may require, and as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to difeontihue, for a Time to be limited, the Duties payable uponTallow imported from Ireland, be read a Second time.

the bhirc.’

Sir John Philipps presented to the House, according Ele&orsaf to Order, a Bill to obviate any Doubts that may arrfe, Knights ol concerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire, tafervfc in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called England; and for further regulating the Proceedings at the Elections of such Knights of the Shire. And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read & Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered,

Bounty on Corn exported.

Offices and

Employ menu.

Supply.

31 Geo. II. 6° — 7 121

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Payment of the Bounty upon the Exportation of Corn, unless sold at a lower Price than is allowed in an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted toqualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Pence, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving furtherTime for those Pitrposes;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed;

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House;That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- an^j^2ns ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The House was moved. That the Account of what Number of Children have been received intotheHospital for the Maintenance and Education ofexposed and deferred young Children, from the 31st of December 1756, exclusive, to the 31st of December 1757, inclusive, in consequence of the Sum of £. 30,000 granted to his Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, towards enabling the said Governors and Guardians to receive all such Children under a certain Age, to be by them limited, as should be brought to the said Hospital before the ill o{January 1758; and also towards enabling them to maintain and educate such Children as are now under their Care; and to continue to carry into Execution the good Pupofes for which they were incorporated; and also an Account liovv the Money, received in consequenceof the said Grant, and the Balance remaining in hand of the last Account, delivered in to the honourable the House of Commons, the 2 2d of December 1756, being £. 2,700 os. 3 d. has been expended; likewise an Account of what Number of Children are now maintained at the Expence of the said Hospital; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House, the further Care of the said Charity, and of proper Proviftons for that Purpose.

Ordered, That what Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer has now acquainted the House with, from his Majesty, be referred to the Consideration of the Ibid.Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Number of Children have been received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education ofexposed and deserted young Children, from the 31st of December 1 756, exclusive, to the 31st of December 1757, inciufive, in consequence of the Sum of£.30,000 granted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, towards enabling the said Governors and Guardians to receive all such Children, under a certain Age, to be by them limited, as should be brought to the said Hospital before the ift of January 1758; and also towards enabling them to maintain and educate such Children as are now under their Care; and to continue to carry into Execution the good Purposes for which they were incorporated; and also an Account how the Money received, in consequence of the said Grant, and the Balance remaining in hand of t he last Account, delivered in to the honourable House of Commons, the 22dof December 1756, being^.2,700 os. 3d. has been expended; likewise an Account of what Number of Children are now maintained at the Expence of the said Hospital; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Vol. 28,

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Offices and resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon Employment*, the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, to whom Tiverton the Bill for amending several Roads leading from the Road*. Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Credilon, and of the Parishes of Upton Helions, Shobroke, and Thorvcrton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, wras referred; That no Person appeared before the Committee, in support of the Allegations of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed . him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in grafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 70 die Marlii;

Anno 3i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Clothiers, Sergemakers, Tallow Importation Chandlers, and other Tradesmen, Manufac- of Tallow turers, and Inhabitants, of theantient Borough of Tavi- ^rom*relan flock, in the County of Devon, in behalf of themselves, and the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the present high Price of Tallow, Soap, and Candles; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Bill for taking oft the high Duty on Iri/li 'I allow to be imported into this Kingdom, be paised into a Lav, it will

12b

f Marti. 1758.

Importation of Tallow from Ireland.

t)evoa

County

Bridges.

firiftol

Poor.

Wool let’s Marriage Settlement.

Brent

Bridge

Roads.

be a Means of reducing the Price of Tallow very considerably; and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the said Bill may pass, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Hofiers, and Wool-combers, of the Borough of Leicester^ in behalf of themselves, and the poor Manufacturers of the said Borough and County, was also presented to the I louse, and read; complaining of the high Price of Soap and Candles; and alleging, that the importation of Tallow from Ireland, Duty free, will be a Means of lowering the Price of Soap and Candles, and be of very great Advantage to the Woollen Manufacture in general, and to the Poor throughout the Nation: And therefore praying the House to take this Petition into Consideration, and afford such Relief therein as the Nature of it may require, or as the House shall fee fit.

And th# said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Duties payable uponTallow imported from Ireland, be read a Second time.

Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy repairing of public Bridges within the County of Devon was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that, the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards . delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Jarrit Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Powers granted by an Act passed in the 18th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual the several Acts passed for the erecting of Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining of the Poor thereof; and for making the said Act more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Lord John Cavend iff, Mr. George Venables Vernon, Mr. Asheion Curzon, Mr. George Venables Vernon junior, Mr. 1 homas 1 own/hend, Mr. John Shelley, Mr. Bayntun, Mr Edward Finch, and all the Members who serve for the County of Stafford, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Majy Wvollett, Spinster, notwithstanding her Infancy, upon her Marriage with Robert Mead Wilmot Esquire, to settle and convey her Estate and Interest in certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, and in Two several Sums of Two thousand Pounds and Three hundred Pounds, to the Uses in certain Articles of Agreement mentioned, is committed.

Mr. Alderman Baker reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the high Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the County of Devon, through the Parishes of South Brent, IJgborough, Harford, Ermington, PlymptonSaint Mary, Plympton Maurice, Egg Buckland, and the Tything of Compton Gifford, to Gajking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the B 11, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his 21

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wfith the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read througout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, to whom Embden the Bill to enable George Amyand and John Anthony lD(1)a Rucker of London, Merchants, Agents for the Embden enabi^dDto East India Company, to fell the Cargo of the Ship the {Hi a Ship. Prince Ferdinand of Prussia, to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies; and to enable the said Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies to import into this Kingdom the said Cargo, and to sell and dispose of the fame; and to impower the said George Amyand and John Anthony Rucker to make Insurances upon the said Ship and Cargo; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were ouce read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

A Bill to continue and render more effectual Two Birmingham Acts, made in the 12th Year of the Ileign of his late Majesty, and in the 18th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Birmingham to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr Carwright, Sir Johii Philipps, Mr. More,

Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. West, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lock-yer, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. llardinge, Sir John Cnft, Mr.

Ly/ler, Sir Richard Wartvick Bampfylde, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Cornewall, Mr. Foley, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sandy s,

Mr. Bowes, Mr. Ridley; Mr. Cooke, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Archer, Mr. Forrefter, Mr. Barry, Mr. Pye, Mr. Grafter,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fane, Mr. Drake, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Alderman Dickinson, Mr Affleck, Sir Armine Wodehouse,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Olmius,lS/lv. Bagot, Sir Thomas Palmer,

Mr. Walter, Mr. Lee, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Medlycoft, Mr. Symo?ids, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Amcotts; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Northampton, Oxford, Worcester, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanton, Mr. Henry Fane, Mr. Hamfterley, Crafter, be added to4;he Committee, to whom the Bill Inclosure. forincloftngand dividing the Moorsand Commons within the Chapelry of Hamfterley, in the Manor of WoU jingham, in the County of Durham, is committed.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Third Year of Settlement the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, Apprentices An Act for the better Explanation and supplying the by Defects of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Indenture. Poor, so far as the same relates to Apprentices gaining a Settlement by Indenture, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, upon the said Bill.

Mr.

and

Edgehill

Roads.

31 Geo. II; 70 — 8°

Supply. Mr. Charlton, according to (Srderj Reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply grantee! to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed).; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospitalfor the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, t receive all such Children, under a certain Age, to be by them limited, as shall be brought to the said Hospital, before the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine; and also towards enabling them to maintain and educate such Children as are now under their Care; and to continue to carry into Execution the good Purposes for which they were incorporated: And that the said Sum be issued and paid, for the Use of the said Hospital, without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agteewith the Committee in the said Resolution, Thatthe Sum of Forty thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed anddefertedyoungChildren,to receive all such Children, under a certain Age, to be by them limited, as shall be brought to the said Hospital, before the First Day of January One thousand seven hundred and Fifty-nine 3 and also towards enabling them to maintain and educate such Children as are now under their Care, and to continue to carry into Execution the good Purposes for which they were incorporated: And that the said Sum be issued and paid, for the use of the said Hospital, without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

The House was moved. That what Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer Yesterday acquainted the House with, by his Majesty'sCommand, relating to his Majesty’s recommending to the Consideration of this House the further Care of the said Hospital, and of proper Provisions for that Purpose, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That. Leave be given to bring in a Bill for obliging all Parishes in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, to keep proper Registers of Births, Deaths, and Marriages, and for railing therefrom a Fund towards the Support of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed aind deserted young Children: And that Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Roller, and Mr. Wilkes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account; The House being informed, That Mr. Simmons, Ac-

British comptant to the Society of the Free British Fishery,

fishery. attended at the Door;

1 He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

l House, pursuant to the D i rebiions of an A6i of Parliament,

An Account of Receipts and Disbursements by the Society of the Free British Fishery from the 31st December 1756 to the 31st December 1757.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Ta-j ble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Importation The Hotife, according to Ord6r, resolved itself into a of Hides Committee of the whole House, to consider further of wnfctW. the Duties upon Skins and Hides imported into Great Britain, so far as the same relate to Skins and Hides: imported from Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

; Mr. Jarrit Smith took the Chair of the Committee.

Vol. a8.

Maytii. 123 :J

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair’

Mr. JarritSmilJi reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had dU reded him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Offices and whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who EmployraclU5‘ have omitted to quality themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to regiller their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law r and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. George Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. George Onslow reported from the Committee

That they had gone through the Bill, and made levera\ Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received lipon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Charles Frederick presented to the House, pur- Fortifications suant to their Order, of Gibraltar.

Account of the Charge of the several Works carried bn at Gibraltar, between 1 July 1756 and 30 November 1757, by the particular Order of the late Governor the Right honourable the Lord Tyrawley: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Report and Observations---

" Gibraltar, 1758."

And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° dieMartii;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

SI R Henry Slingsby reported from the Committee, to KnareiWougW w hom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- &c. holders, Landholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Roads. Borough of Knaresborough, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land-owners, Miners, and Inhabitants, residing in and about G raffing ton, and in other Parts of the said West Riding, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land-owners, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Knaresborough, in the West Riding of the County of York, and also of the Gentlemen*

Clergy, Freeholders, Land-owners, Miners, and Inhabitants, residing in and about Grajjinglon, and in other Parts of the said West Riding, wdiofe Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had direbtedhim to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as foliowet.h: viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. William Parks and Thomas Scott were examined; by whose Evidence it appeared. That the Roads <le-feribed in the said Petitions are in many Places extremely narrow’, and incommodious for Carriages; that

great

8° Martii.

124

great Part of the said Roadsare also much out of Repair; and that the same cannot be amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road leading from the Town of Knaresborough, in the West Hiding of the County of York, to Grajfington, in the said Riding and County: And that Sir Henry Slingsby and the Lord George Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Donington An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the HRoads(Se -fr°ack from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, ° and to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tiile be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Amcotts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Barnett and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

Marine The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Forces for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces eguu'ion. ^.j-jjig on Shore, without any Amendment: And also, Tuffnell’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Divorce, dissolve the Marriage of George Forfler Tuffnell Esquire, with Elizabeth Forjler his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Devon An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy re-B°^nty pairing of public Bridges within the County of Devon, ri ge*‘ was read the Third time.

Refolred, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and speedy repairing of public Bridges within the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Preflon Pans Sir John Gordon prefen ted to the House, according to Teenies Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act,

A. 1758.

made in the 26th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for lay ing a Duty of Two Pen ies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought, into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Preston Pans, in the Shire of F.ajt Lothian, otherwise H adding loan, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Man u fad urers, and prin- Importation cipal Inhabit ants, in the City Norwich, was presented to Cattle

the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners ap- romIrelan(1* prehend, that the free Importation of Cattle and Tallow from Ireland, for a limited Time, will greatly contribute not only to the Relief of the distressed Poor in that City, and Parts adjacent, but to the Support of the Trade and Manufacturers of the Kingdom in general: And therefore praying. That the Bills, which (as the Petitioners are informed) are depending in the House, for such Importation, may be speedily passed into a Law, or that the House will afford fudi other Relief as shall seem most conducive to the Purposes above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill todifeontimie, fora Time to be limited, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from Ireland^ be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers Dover granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament Harbour, for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That the Lord George Sackville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ofzvald, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Estimate of the Charge of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1758.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of

Nova Scotia, for the Year 1758.

To the Salaries of the Civil Officers and Magistrates at Halifax, and other Settlements, in the Colony, the maintaining and supporting an Hospital and Orphan House, and other contingent Expences attending the Civil Establishment -

To the Seamen’s Wages, Stores, Provisions, Repairs, and incidental Expences of Three armed Vessels, and Three Schooners, in the Service of the Colony -

£. s. d. 5,430 6 10

4,471 l8 2,

£.9,902 5 —

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Nova The was moved, That the Entry in the Journal

Scotia. of the House of the 2d of March 1757, of the Return

made from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to an Orde: of this House, for an Account to be laid before this House of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ill of January . 756, to the 3 ift of December following, might be read:

And the same being rend accordingly;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by Tup-porting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s 21

Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ift of January 1756 to the 3 ift of December following.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ift of January 1757 to the ift of December following.

A Petition of the Merchants of Liverpool was pre- importation fented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Peti- of Cattle tioners are informed, that a Bill is ordered to be brought ffom helani in for allowing an Importation of Cattle from Ireland, Dutyfree; and that Provisions of all Kinds have been for some Time past excessive dear, which has very much distressed the lower Class of People; and that there is Reason to believe, that our Enemies are supplied with

Beef

31 Geo. II. 8° Martii. 125

Beef and other Provffioils from Ireland, ht a scheaper Rate than we can purchase here: And therefore praying, That a Bill now depending, for that Purpose, tnay pals ini o a Taw.

Ordered, That the said Petition dolie upon tly^Table, until the Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Resolution, wt>i6h, upon Friday the 24th Day of February last, Was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider Further of the Laws which prohibit the Importation of Cattle from Ireland, and wastheu agreed to by the House, relating to the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

Km* An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, passed in the last Br.dg*. Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the 1 fiver of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Pari ill of Ealing, in the County of Middlefe.r, known by the Name of Smith or Smirk's Hill, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act,.passed in the tail Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the River of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentfotd, in the Parish of Ealing, in the Contity of Middlefe.r, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's IliUy to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sr. Miry An ingrossed Bill for ascertaining and collecting the M ago ale n Poor’s Rates, and for better regulating the Poor, in the ^Poordl*y Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr 16. L. ult. To leave out "Three" and iufert

Six" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill Was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title he. An Act for ascertaining and collecting the Poor's Rates, and for better regulating the Poor, in the Pai ifli of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Ilammond do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

EmSdeti - An ingrossed Bill to enable George Amyand and John East India Anthony Rucker of London, Merchants, Agents for the mSed°to Fmbden E(i/l India Company, to fell the Cargo of the Id* a Ship. Sh i p the Prince Ferdinand of Prnfjia, to theunited Company of Merchants of England trading to the EafiIndies; and to enable the said Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to import into this Kingdom the said Cargo, and to sell and dispose of the fame; and to impower the said George Amyand and John Anthony Rucker to make Instiranees upon the said Ship and Cargo; was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable George Amyand and John Anthony Rucker of Z/mdra, Merchants, Agents for the Embden East India Company, to sell and dispose of the Cargo of the Ship Prince Ferdinand of Prussia, to theunited Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and.to enable the said united Company to purchase, land, fell, and dispose of the fame, or any Part: thereof; and to.impower the said George Amyand and

I John Anthony Rucker to make Insurances upon the said

1 Ship and Cargo.

Ordered, That Mr. Oswald do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

byorration Mi\7tfrri7£/Mi7/iprefcnted to the House, according to

ot panic Order, a Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle |©m Ireland. VoL. *8.

from Ireland, for a Time to be limited: And the fan*e was received *, and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill lie read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Fortnight.

Mr. Jatrit Smith, according to Order, reported* fi^om Importation the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Hides referred to consider further of the Duties upon Skins *rom lraian<* and Hides imported into Great Britain, so far as the same relate to Skins and Hides imported from-Ii'elqHd, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Duties, now payable, on the Importation of

raw Hides and raw Calf Skins from Ireland, do cease and determine, for a limited Time.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Jarril Smith, Mr. Alderman Bedford, and Mr. Kynaston, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Innholders and Victuallers Quartering in the Town of Colchefier,in the County of Essex, whose S^dicr* Namesare thereunto subseri bed, in behalf of themselves, innkeepers.* and others, the Innholders and Victuallers iti the said County, was presented to the House, and redd; complaining of many Hardships and Inconveniences, which the Petitioners allege they labour under, from the great Number of Soldiers and Horses that are always quartered upon them: And therefore praying the House to take the deplorable same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and grant them iueh Relief, as to the House 111 all seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Westminster Monday last, "That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Corn

" establishing a free Market for the Sale of Corn and Market.

" Grain within the City or Libt rty of Westminster; and for ^regulating the Saie of Hay and Straw;" might be read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a free Market for the Sale of Corn and Grain within the City or Liberty of Westminster; and for regulating the Sale of Hay and Straw, within the said City and Liberty: And that Si John Crojfey Mr. Ohnius,

Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp Proclctr, and Major General Cornwallis, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

SirJMn Cust presented to the House, according to Writ* of Order, a Bill for giving a more speedy Remedy to th£ Habeas Subject, upon the Writ of Habeas Corpus; And the CorP"s-fame was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Tueflay Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson and Mr. Dazvnay be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare* 11 u and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of John Bourchier Esquire, William Headley, Rich-ardBurton, and of the several otherPerlons whoseNa^es are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of certain Tenements within the Township of Newton, in the Manor* of Newton cum Benningbrough, in the County of Xark.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply Kk next.

Ways ind Means.

Shrew (bury Road*.

Exeter J oar.

Newton

lmlofure.

Importation ot l'allow from Ireland.

Tyffneir*

Divorce.

Cirencester

to

Cricklade

Road.

Ti' erton Road*.

12 6 S0 — 90 — i o° . A. 17 5 8.

next, resolve itself into a Co'mmittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jcvisj g° die Mart it;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1758. Prayers.

MR. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Order, a Rill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads, from the Town of Shreasbury to Wefbury, and from Shrewjbuiy to Min-ferley, in the County of Salop; and from Shrewsbury to the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery; and from Shrewsbury to the Town of OfweJlry, and from ihe Finger Post, near Ofivejlry, to Knocking and also from Cotton Hill, in Shrezosbury, to Bafchurchy in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. John Walter presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, pafl'ed in the qth and iotli Years of t he Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there: And the same was received; and read the First time. Rcjblved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Wilkinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Kezvton Moor or Nezvton Commoiiy within the Manor of Newton Cum Ben-ningbroughy in the County of York: And the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Inhabitants and Manufacturers of the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the present high Price of Candles; and alleging, that the Petitioners tfbferve, that a Bill is depending for the free Importation of Irish Tallow: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from Ireland, be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George For tier Tiiffnell Esquire, with Elizabeth Forjler his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Lord Dozvne be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for amending several Roads leading frofln the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. George 'Onslow, according to Order, reported Offices and I from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the EmPloy*

Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify raenu’ themfel ves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited* by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; was committed; the Amendments which the Corn-rqittee had made to the Biil, and which they had directed I

him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. I

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be I

ingrossed. I

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Importation I Reading of the Bill to discontinue^ for a Time to be of Tallow I limited, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from from re I Ireland. I

The said Bill was rend a Second time. I

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. I

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee I

of the whole House. ' I

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- I

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whote I

House, upon the said Bill. ' I

The other Orders of the Day being read; I

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Recruiting I whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effec- La^*roes I tualrecruiting ofhis Majesty’s Land ForcesandMarines, I

was committed, be received upon this day Sevennight.. ' I

Rcjblved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Bounty I p night, resolve itself in to a Committee of the wholeHouse, I 1

upon the Bill for prohibiting the Payment of the Bounty* c I upon the Exportation of Corn, unless sold at a lower I

Price than is allowed in an Act of the First Year of the I

Reign of King William and Queen Mary. I

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow I

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veven's, i o° dieMartii; I

Anno 31* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1758. I

Prayers. I

A PETITION of the principal Inhabitants, Traders, Impora’ion I Uo and Manufactures, in the City of Coventry, was of Tallow I presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the horn Ireland. I Bill to permit the Importation of Irish Tallow into this I

Kingdom, /or a limited Time, Duty-free, which, the I

Petitioners conceive, will greatly conduce to the Inte- I

rest of the Commerce and Manufactures of this Nation I

in general, and to the Trade of that City in particular: I

And therefore praying, That the same may pass into a I

Law,in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. I

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the I

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to I

whom the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, I

the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from Ire* I

land, is committed. I

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account I Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Seamen. I Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st December I

1756 to the 31 December 1757, llPon a Medium of I

each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, I

and what mustered, in the said Service. I

The Lord Dozvne presented to the House, according Orrringham I to Order, a Bill to confirm and establish Articles of Inclosure. I Agreement for dividing and inclosing several open and I

common Fields in Ottringham, in the County of York: I

And the same was received; and read the First time. I

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. I

The

GoO^k

Bakc*ve!l

to

Worksop

Ruud.

Settle

Inclosure.

Brent

Bridge

Hoads.

Durham

W»it.

Encouraging ihe Growth o: Madder.

Northleigh

luclol'ure.

31 Geo. II. 10° Martii.

127

The Lord George Cavendish presented io tlieHouse, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 1 alii Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An A6fc for repairing the Roads from Bakefield to Ch eft er field, in the County of Derby, mid from Chef erf eld to Workfof), in the County of XoU high am; and hom Clifer field to the Place wjicre the Northern Road meets the Ch eft er field Road, which leads to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the pill be read a Second time.

The Lord Doivne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill forellablilliingandconfirmingArticlesof Agreement for dividing and iuelofing Two (tinted Pastures or Commons, called Settle Banks High Scarr and Scale her, within the Township of Settle, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the Firil time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the County of Devon, through the Parishes of South Brent, Ugbo rough, Harford, Erminglon, P lump ton St. Alary, Plympton Maurice, Egg Buck land, and the Ty thing of Compton Gifford, to Ga/king Gate, in oi near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said Count}", w as read the Thirri time.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass: And thru the Titlebe, An Act for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gq/king Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the decking of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Durham, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Vane Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Barnard, now Earl of Darlington, called-up to the House of Peers.

Mr. Hanger presented to the Iionfe, according to Order, a Bill to encourage the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in this Kingdom, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof: And the same was received; and read the Firil time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Persons, inhabiting, or Owners or Occupiers of Lands within the Towns of Northleigh, Hand borough, Bladon, Combe, St ones field, Wool to n, Old Woodltock, and Hard ley, in the County of Oxford, having Right of Common in the common Fields, common Meadows, and commonable Lands, lying in the Parish or ToWnship of Northleigh, in the said County, on behalf of themselves and many other Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, and Lands, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and other Inhabitants of the said Towns, or Owners or Occupiers of Lands there, have used and enjoyed, for Time immemorial, a Right of Common, without Stint, upon the said Fields, Meadows, and Lauds; and alleging, that the Petitioners observe a Bill has been brought into the House, for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, called Northleigh Common Fields, and a Common or Waste, called Northleigh Heath, within the Parish or Township of Northleigh, in the said County; and that the making such Division and Inclosure will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and many other Persons interested in the said Fields and waste Grounds, and tend to the Ruin of many Families, who may become burthensome to the Public: And therefore praying tlte House, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Courtfel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic, Vei, 28.

until the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners, if they think lit, be then heard by their Counsel upon their said Petition.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon WedneJ'day Morning next.

Mr. Rebow reported from the Committee, to whom Colchester the Petition of the resident Burgelles, and Inhabitants, JP>’fter of the ancient Borough of Cokhester, in the County of 1 ier^’ Essex, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Burgestes there, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Agent for the Petitioners produced Letters Patent, granted in the First Year of Richard the Second, reciting an Inspeximus of the Charter granted by Edward his Father, and Henry his Grandfather, and confirming the several Grants thereby made; and amongst other Things, that they lliould have their Fishery from Northbridge to Wef-ness, whosoever should possess the adjoining Lands; and also Letters Patent, of the 15th of Charles the Second, and (he 5th of William the Third, confirming the said Grants: And,

Mr. May hew informed your Committee, That the Corporation of Colchester brought a Scire Facias in Chancery, in the 26 th Year of Henry the Sixth, to repeal certain Letters Patent, by which the said Fishery was granted to the Earl of Oxford; and produced an attested Copy of a Verdict upon an Ifiue joined, whether the said Burgesses and their Predecessors were seised of the said Fishery; wherein the* Jury lay, that the Burgelles of Cokhejkr, and their Predecessors, were. Time out of Muni, seised thereof, with a Power of punching all Trespasses and Misdemeauors committed there. Felony excepted.

And Mr. Mayhew said, That the Magistrates of the said Borough were ousted of their Offices about the Year 1741, by Judgments upon Informations, in the Nature of Quo Warranto, and still remain an inactive Body.

William Sherkck, a Fisherman, being examined, said.

That Persons fish for Oysters in the said Fishery, at un-feasonable Times, and take and deft 1*0v great Quantities of unfizeable Oysters, together with Culih and young Spat, and, unless some Stop can be put thereto, the Fishery for Culchester Oysters will be totally destroyed.

A Motion being made, 1'hat Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating, governing, preserving, and improving, the Oyster Fishery in the River Colne, and.

Waters thereto belonging;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been acquainted with the Purport of the said Bill, had commanded him to acquaint the House, that his Majesty gives hisConfent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, to the bringing in such a Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating, governing, preserving, and improving, the Oyster Fishery in the River Colne, and Waters thereto belonging: And that Mr. Rebow, Colonel Douglas, and Mr. Bullock, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hunter, from the Commissioners for executing Account the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- of s«amto, fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31 fi December 17.56, to the 31st December 1757, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service.

And the Title of five said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Navy

Googh

LuidTax

Commissioners.

128

io° Martii. 1758.

Navy Office, ? An ACCOl) NT of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, gth March 1758. j from the 31st December 1756, to the 3rd; December 1757, upon a Medium of each Month;

distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service.

January -

February

March

April

May

June

July

August

September

Okober

November

December

MONTHS.

Tho. Slade, Rich* Hall,

JV. Bately, G. Adams,

Upon a Medium

Dan. Decent,

W. Bateman.

Borne. Muflered. 1 -

- 5M41 1 I 52,796

! 50,816 ! 54,387

57,631 ! 5'V°44

- ! 59,630 I 56,263

- 6o, So8 j 58.896

- 62,678 60,876.

64,764 63,246

66,221 (>3,466

67,559 67,025

- 69,024 65,227

68,932 64,312

- 68,706 63,042

759>lr9 j 726,580

63,259 60,548

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1758; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be assessed upon Somerset House in the Strand; was read the Third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for rectifying a Mistake in the said Act, with regard to the First Meeting of the Commissioners in Scotland:

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third time 5 and, upon the Question put thereupon agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by’ way of Rider.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 69. L. ult. To leave out "Henry" and insert ct William" and to leave out "Reed" and insert " Read:"

P. 155. L. 2. Asser "Dali," to insert " William " Dicker:"

Pr. 161. L. 2. After "Pender," to insert "Peter " Lezcis Perrin: "

Pr. 165. L. 2. After "Warcupp," to insert "James.

" Ward:"

Pr. 171. L. 2. after " Careless," to insert "

" Chapman of Tottenham :"

Pr. 174, L. 2. After " Davison," to insert "William " Dicker:"

Pr. 182. L. 2. After " Hale," to insert cc William " Nickoll: "

Pr. 249. L. 3. After " Hall," to insert <c Thomas "Hill:"

Pr. 262. L. ult. After " Fi/her," to insert " Peter " Flutter of Guildford:"

Pr. 270. L. 14. After " Bowey," to insert "Samuel " Billingsley"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, Ail A ft for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for t he Service of the Year 1758; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be assessrd upon Spmerfet House \n the

Strand; and for rectifying a Mistake in the said Act; and for allowing further Time to the Receivers of certain Aids for setting insuper for Monies in Arrear.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, over the high Moors, to lie the rfage, and over Mytham Bridge, to Sparrow Pitt Gate, in the County of Derby; and from the Guide Post at or near Barber Fields Cupola, over the high Moors, and Grindleforih Bridge, and over Tidfwell Moor, to Buxton, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Berkeley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Tctbury to the Gates on the West of Simons Hall Down, and from the Turnpike Gate, at the Top ot' Frocr/ler Hill, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards* Bath, and from the Field, called Bonldown Sleight, to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from llorjley to Tetbury, near Tilt up's Inn, and from the Markel-house in Tetburi/ to the Turnpike Road 011 Minchin Hampton Common, and from the said Road in Alin chin Hampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Ciren-Ce/ler to Stroud, near Burnt A/h, and from the said Turnpike Road to Tayloe's Mill Pond, in Chatford Bottom, and through Hide, to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his \fa-jesty's Navy, as it flood on 31st December 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker loft the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Char&o* reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution-, which they had directed hviw to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Chariton also acquainted the House, That he was

d heeled

Sheffield

CO

Ecclesall

Roads.

T ct^ury Ro-d*.

Supply,

3i Geo. II. 10° — 13

directed by t!ic Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again*

UefJved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoive i tie If* into a Committee of the whole House* to coiiiider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read,;

Way* Rejblvtd, That this- House will, upon Monday Mot* li-

ana ing next, refoive ii.fclf into a Committee of the whole Means. {juiife* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Hamfterlev* ^r* Staunton reported from the Committee, to whom inclufure. the Bill for inclosingand dividing the Moors and Coin- mons within the Chapelry of llanjlerlcy, in the Manor of Woljingham, in the County of Durham, was committed, That the Committed had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Proprietors of Estates in the said Manor, amounting to Five hundred Fifty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum, and who, having been applied to, refilled to sign the Bill; and except the Proprietors of Estates in the said Manor, amounting to Seventy-nine Pounds per Annum, who having been applied to, said they would not oppose the Bill, but refilled to lign the fame; and except the Proprietors of Eltates in the said Manor, amounting to Fifty-eight Pounds/)^* Annum, who, have-ing been applied to, laid they would consent to I lie Bill, but would not lign the fame; and except the Honourable and Reverend the Dean of Durham, whose Estate is Twelve Pounds/?c/\4>?/n/7rt; and except the Trustees for the Poor of Durham, the Value of whose Eltates in the said Manor amounts to Twelve Pounds per Annum; and also, except Twelve Persons, the Value of whole Eltates amounts to One hundred and Forty-three Pounds per Annum, who could not be found; and that the whole annual Value of thcElitates in the said Manor amounts to Two-thousand Four hundred Seventy-six Pounds and Four Shillings; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in.his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Staunton have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report he taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Chock.

Lunce, 130 die;

Anno 310 Georgii II" Regis, 1758. Prayers.

Woollen’s A/TR. Jlardinge reported from the Committee, to Marriage whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitu-

t ment. je(j^ Act to enable Mary Woollett Spinster, notwithstanding her Infancy, upon her Marriage with Robert Mead Wilnwt Eftjuire, to settle and convey her Eli&te and Interest in certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, and in Two several Sums of Two thousand Pounds and Three hundred Pounds, to the Uses in certain Articles of Agreement mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given Vol. 28.

0 Martii. tig

their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table*

A Bill for dividing and inclosing Newton Moor of Newton Common, within the Manor of Newton cant Beningbrough, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Downey Sir John Cujt, Mr. Prubyn, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Pin-ney, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. 11 ardinge, Mr. Alderman Baker} Mr. Brudenell, Sir Robert llildyard, Mr. Tozvn/haul, Mr. Walter, Mr. Powell, Mr. Wilkhjbn*, Mu Medly-colt. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bathurjt, Mr* Gibbons, Air* Symmonds, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Smith, Mr* Vernonj Mr* Kynaston, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Mr. Hammond, Mr. Gq/hry, Mr. Fletcher, Mr* Delaval, Mr. Lewis* Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Pvpham, Sir jFrancis Drake* Mr. Fairfaxi Mr. Fuller, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr* Drake, Lord George Cavendish; and all the Members who ferye for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West/norland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the gth and 10th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of t lie City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the i\>or there* was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mf. John Walter, Sir Francis Drake, Mr More, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fcllozoes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Sir George Yonge,- Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Affleck, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Wilkes, M r. Tuekfield, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Pye, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Thijllethicayte, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Cust, Mr. Probyn, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Trift, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Popham, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Powell., Sir Robert llildyard, Mr. Morion, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Barry, Mr. Wigtey, Mr. Amcotts, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Mcdlycoit, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Jennings, Lord Downe, Mr. Swym/ner, Mr. Chester, Sir Thomas Palmer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Philipps prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, ' made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge; and for rendering the same more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Downe presented to the House, according to Order,a Bill for eitabiiihingAgrccments made between Charles Brandling Eft]uire, and other Persons, Propria etors of Lands, for laying down a Waggon Way, in order the better to serve the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

A Bill for enlarging the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 18th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual the

tferal Arts passed for the erecting of Hospitals ami orkhouses within the Cityo(Bri/lel, for the better em-11 ploying

Newtofl

InUosure*

Fxetef

Poor*

Improving

London

Bridge.

Leeds

Waggon

way.

Britbi

Poor.

c.

i jo

ploying and maintaining of the Poor thereof; and for making the said Act more effectual, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jar r it Smith, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Row net). Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. //#/*-dinge, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Ridley, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Fane, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Hammond, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cooke, Mr. More, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Crtefler, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Legh, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Egerton% Mr. Thoro*on. Sir John Cufl, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cornezvall, Mr. Hayxvard, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Myddclton, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Pye, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Finney, Mr. Gvbbon, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Symmo ns, Sir HenrySlingsby, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Vernon, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Barrow, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Probyn, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Lockyer \ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brompton Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. gjj for Confirmingand establishing Articles of Agree-nrentjfor dividing and inclosingtlie open common Fields, common Meadow, Commons, and waste Grounds, in the Townships of Brompton and Sawden, in the Parish of Brompton, in the North [tiding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the . ill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confentto the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Euflace Cafs, William Petty, James Lay cock, and Dorothy Gibson, who, on being applied to, laid, they had no Objection to the Bill, but refused to sign the fame, and whose Property therein amounts to the Value of Twenty Pound $ per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one *, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

Great Glm The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Jndofure. for ^ivu|ing and inclosing certain open and common Fields in Great Glen, in the County of Leicester, called the Upper or North End Fields, and all the common Failures, common Meadows, and common walte Grounds, within the same Fields, without any Amendment: And also,

Encouragement rf he Lords do desire, That this House will give Leave, o eamen. ftjght Honourable George Grenville Esquire, a

Member of this House, may attend the House of Lords, on Thursduy next; in order to be examined upon the Second Reading of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the fame, for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer, to that Part of the said Message which relates to the said Mt. Grenville, by Messengers of their own. x7

1758-

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

A Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Chattem, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Parishes of Chat- *c-

ten's and Doddington, in the Ijle. of Ely, in the County raina^c' of Cambridge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Royflon,

Mr. Courtenay, Sir John It hide Cotton, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Luttrail, Mr. West, Mr.

Drake, Lord Dnpplin, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Delaval, Mr.

Jennings, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Vaughan, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Powell, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Armine Wodehoyfe, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Gore, Sir Robert Hild-yard, Mr. Molyneux, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Fane, Lord Verney, Mr. Gray, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Yonge presented to the House, according char«l to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from the West* Road. End of the Town of Chard, through the d own of Honiton, to a Place called Fair Mile End, and from Chard, through llminster, to Pether/on Bridge, and from limit*-Jler to Puckington Lane, and from Peafemarsh Iaiiw to A/hill Gate; and from the said Town of Honiton, to the Town of Cullompton; and from Odcombe over Ham don Hill, and Pet her ton and Ilford Bridges, to Ashill; and from Petherton Bridge to Windwhiflle Turnpike; and from St. Rane IIill to Horton Elm, in the Parish of //-minster, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the due making of Bread, and to re- of gulate the Price and Assize thereof, was committed, Bread,l'c; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Sir John Cufl reported from the Committee, to whom improvemcnw the Petition of several Owners of the Freehold and In- at. lieritance of several Buildings, Houses, Grounds, and CroL* Estates, situate on the West Side of the Street leading from Charing Cross towards his Majesty’s Palace of Whitehall; and also the Petition of the several Inhabitants of Charing Cross, and Parts adjaceut, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, That, some Alteration might be proper-to be made in the said Report;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to

the Committee, to whom the said Petitions were referred.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the Housewhich he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’sTable: Wiiere tke same was read; and is as follow'eth.; viz.

ResolvedK

130 Martii. ;-

L.

3 e Geo. II. 13 0 Marti't. 131"

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sam, not exceeding Three hundred Thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards paying off and d:, I charging the Debt of the Navy,

The said Hc-folntion, be ing read a Second Tirrje, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Chaw ton A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Puudto County of Southampton, whose Names arc thereunto Go^post subscribed, was presented to the House, and read *, alleging, That the Petitioners find that Application has been made to the1 House for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads from Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchejlcv, and frorp thence through Bishops Waltham and Wickham, to Gcsport, and from the said City of Winchester to the Town and County of Southampton; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Gosport aforesaid, through Droxford to Chatvton, near Alton, in the said County; and also alleging, that the Road from Bishops Waltham aforesaid,' over the Millbo rough HHl, and through Titchboiirnc, New A Ires ford, Old A Ire ford, Bradley Lane, and over Herriard Common, to the Town of Odiham, in the said County, is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places and dangerous to Passeng^rs, and'cannot be effeel u ally repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying, That some Provision may be made for effe<5Uially repairing and widening the said Road from Bishops Waltham to Odiham, in such Manner as to the House shall Teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratioti of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the (Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Southampton, is referred: And.that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it ilia.ll appear to them, to the House.

African Forts Ordered, That the Account of the Receipt and F-x-and penditpre of Money for the Erection of a Fort at Anna-, Settlements. maboe, which was presented to the House upon the 2d Day of April 1756, be referred to, die Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to consider of the several Papers, Reports, Surveys, and Drawings, relating to the Forts and Settlements on the Coalt of Africa, which have been referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the said Accou.pt; and hate the Matters therein contained, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Holford:

' Mr. Speaker,

Bill returned The Lords have returned a Bill brought this Day It1°&c ^rom *his ^oll^e> by Mr. Hammond and others, the 1 ^flc’ c* same being brought to their Lordships without any omitted. Title iiigrossed thereon, and without the usual Words importing a Direction for lending the said Bill from this House to their Lordships.

And the Messengers withdrew.

\ Importation o'1' Tallow ► fom Ireland.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Burgestes, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of tiiemselves, and the reftoftheInhabitants of the fuel Borough, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners are informed a Petition hath been presented to the House, for the Importation of Irish Tallow, Duty-free; and that, if such a Bill was to.pass into a Law, it would beaMeans of reducing the presentexceflive high Prices of Soap and Candles*, and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

-Ordered* That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill todilcontiriuc, for a Time to be limited. You 28.

the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from'Ireland is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second _ EleAors Reading of the Bill to obviate any Doubts,that may arise

concerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire to serve the'Shire! in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England; and for further regulating the Proceedings atthe~

Elections of such Knights of the Shire.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Settlement resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon of

the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Third Year of the ppr^H'ces Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Indenture, Act for the better Explanation and supplying the Defeats of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor* so far as the same relates to Apprentices gaining a Set- tlement by Indenture; ‘

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself intp Importation a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Duties payable rom rc upon Tallow imported from Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jarrit Smith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jarrit Smith reported, from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bail directed him to report

\vhenthe House will please to receive-the fame.

Ordered, That t^e Report be received To,-m arrow Morning.

A Message frdra the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Holford: ' ' ,

- ' Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire, That this House will give Leave/ that DoClor George Hay, Thomas Or by Hunter Esquire, tleiirg Gilbert Elliott. Esquire, and Hans Ato/ey Esqu'fre, Mem-" for Members bers of this House, may attend the House of* Lords on to attend ThursHay next, in order toJ>e examined upon the Second Reading of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily and readifyto remit she fame, for the Support of their Wives and Families; and forpre-veriting Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments.

And then the'Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to' the said Message, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself in to a Comm it tee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Mcyelty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Ways Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ai'd Means, whole House, tp conhder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the further Confuleration of the Re- Ilamfterley, port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing jncl&^1‘rc and dividing tho Moors and Commons within the, Clia- 01

pelry of Hamjterley., in the Manor of Uolfnghum, in the County of Durham, was committed, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That -Eiirl Vcrneit, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Tuck- Chawton field, Sir ff illiam Calvert, Mr. Ridley, Sir Robert laid Gosport

broke, Road.

1

Westbury,

&c.

Roads.

132 130 — 14 0 Ma175?*

broke, be addedto the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentleman, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Southampton, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 140 die Martii;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1758. Prayers.

A PETITION of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of Uphaven and Everley, in the County of I Villa, and Places adjacent, and of the Bailiff and Burgess of the Borough of Ludgarshall, in the same County; and also of the Bailiff, approved Men, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton; was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition has been presented to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for altering, widening, amending, repairing, and shortening, the Road leading from Pengate in the Parish. of Wcjlbury, in the County of Wilts, through several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, and, amongstothers, through Cherrington, otherwise Churton, and Marden, to a Public House called the Seven Stars, at or near Bottles ford, in the Parish of Man-siingford Bohune, in the said County of Wilts, and also the Hoad leading from Cherrington, otherwise Churton, aforesaid, to a Public House called the Antelope, in Up-haven, in the said County, and also the several other Roads therein mentioned; and alleging, that the Road leading from Cherrington, otherwise Chi/rton, aforesaid, to the said Public House in Uphaven, is Part of the Road leading from the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, through Everley and the Borough of Ludgarshall, in the County of Wilts, to Andover aforesaid; and that the Road leading from Cherrington, otherwise Churton, aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road, at a certain Place called Lydeway, and also the Road lead ing from the said Public House called the Antelope, in Uphaven, towards the Borough of Andover aforesaid, to and through the Parish of Everley, and to and through the Borough of Ludgarshall aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at a Place called Waybill, in the County of Southampton, adjoining to the Road in the said Petition mentioned, leading from Cherrington, otherwise Churton aforesaid to the said Public House in Uphaven', are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying the House, That proper Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the more effectual altering, widening, amending, and keeping in Repair, the said Road from Cherrington, otherwise Churton, to the said

Turnpike Road at the Taid Place called Lydeway, and also the said Road from the said Public House, called the Antelope, and through the Parish of Everley, and the said Borough of Ludgarshall, to the Turnpike Road at Waybill aforesaid; and that a Clause or Clauies may be inserted in the said Bill, that all Monies, to he collected between Waybill and Lydeway aforesaid, be applied for the Repairs of that Road only, and for the Payment of all Money that shall be borrowed for such Repairs; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

OrderediThat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Report was recommitted, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of Westbury, and Market Lavinglon, in the County of Wilts, and Places adjacent; and also of the Aldermen, and common Burgesses, of the Borough of WcJtbimj aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred: And that they, do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Sir Charles Mordaunt preferred to the House, according te Order, a Bill for dividing and ihcloling the com-; nion and open Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Pieces, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Township of Geydon, in the Parish of Bishops 1tchington, in the County of Wanvick: And the same was received; and read the Fird time.

Rcjulved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Oswald, from the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1756.

Mr. Oswald also reported from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, That the Order of the House, made upon WedneJ'day last, " That there be laid before " this House, an Account of the Money paid, and " Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the " Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia from " the First of January 1757, to the Thirty-first of Dccc;?i^rfollowing, M cannot be at present complied with, by reason the proper Officers, in the said Colony, have not transmitted any Accounts of the Expenditure, or any Vouchers for the Payment, of Money fortheYear 1757; but that, as soon as the Accounts and Vouchers shall be received, the Account shall be made up with all possible Dispatch, and laid before this House.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

And the said Account was also read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

j

ACCOUNT of Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1756.

To Victualling supplied the Troops; viz.

To Col. Warburtoris and Col. LaJcelles Regiments, Artillery Company, Rangers, Xc.

From 29th December to 2 2d February -

23d February to 18th April - ....

19th April to 13th June -

14th June to nth July -

12th July to 5th September....

6th September to 31st October - -....

iff November to 26th December -

To the original Establishment of Col. Hopfovt s Regiment, confiding of 360 Men.

From ill January to 31st March....

id April to 30th June ....

ift July to 30th September *....

October to 31 d December

£ s- 4

4.746

4,672

3.489 1 *79® 3>238 3.33° 3.5*i

7 —

18 —

819 — —

819 — —

828-----

8a3-----

To

Gordon

Indofurt,

Nova

Scotia.

Cilder

Hinption.

31 Geo. 1L 140 Mar Hi. 133

To the Augmentation of Col. llopfon's Regiment; confiding of 422 Men.

From id January to 23d March - - 875 __

24th March to 23d June - -- gj0 12 — -

24th June to 23d September -.....- - 97012- —

24th September to 31 December - -- -- - 1,033 18 —

To the Second Augmentation of Col. llopfon's Regiment, confiding of 363 Men.

From 25th December 1755 to 23d September 1756 - - - - 2^86 11 — ,

24th September to 23d December - - 836 7

35,264 8 6

Deduct the Sum voted by Parliament towards victualling Col. Warbur ton's and Col. Hop/on's Regiments - - - 7,68 6 5 10

27^578 2 8

To Fees paid on Money received from the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer - 682 18 x

To Subsistence and other Expences attending the Company of Rangers - - - 1,814 15 8

To the Hire, Portlage Bills, and other Expences attending the Sloops and armed Vessels in the

'public Service - .....- 2,835 J3 11

To Salaries and Allowances to Civil Officers - ----- 3^424 12 3

To the Pay of Surgeons and Midwife, and Expences attending the Hospital and Orphan House 1,248 1 2

To Stores, Materials, and other contingent Expences of Government ----- 4,599 4 11

To Wages of Artificers and Labourers employed in the public Works, and Materials purchased by the Surveyor - - - - - 19,476 — if

Granted by Parliament, upon Account, for supporting Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1756

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, residing in and jjear the Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also the Petition of the Aldermen, Justices, Common Council, Merchants, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Recorder, ConrmonCouncil, Merchants, and other Inhabitants, of the ancierttCityofL/zzco/w, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, Merchants, and other Inhabit ants, of the Borough of in the County of Lincoln; and also the Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Borough of Neivark, in the County of Nottingham; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers.and Dealers in the Woollen Manufacture, liv. ing in or near the Town of Leeds; and also the Petition of Sir Lionel Pilkinglon Baronet, Edward Darby, and John Greenwood; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Merchants, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Cloth-dressers, Woolftaplers, Dyers, and others, Dealers, and Makers of broad and narrow Cloth, Shalloons, and Stuffs, residing in the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also the Petition of the principal Owners and Occupiers of Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in or near the several Towns of Horbury, Ojfett, Thorn-hill, Dezvsbury, Mir field, Clifton, and Right own, in the West Riding of the County of York, and upon, adjoining, and lying near to, the River Colder, between Hor-bury aforesaid and Halifax, in the said Riding, on behalf of themselves, and all other the Owners and Occupiers of

V01. 28.

£61,659 8 9J

and maintaining the Settlement of his

- - - - - 55,032 19 —

Exceedings - - 6,626 .9 9!

61,659 8 9*

Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in and near to the same Towns, and upon, adjoining, and lying near to, the said River, between Horbury aforesaid and Halifax aforesaid, and also of all Merchants, Traders, and Dealers in Cloth, living in the said severalTowns of Horbury, Qffett, Thornhill, Dewsbury, Mir field, Clifton, and Highfown, aforesaid, and Parts adjacent,whoseNames are thereunto respectively subscribed; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Makers, Dressers, Wrool ftaplers, Manufacturers, and Traders in Wool, and broad and narrow Woollen Cloth, residing and living in or near the Towns of Birjlal, Bat ley, Dewsbury, Heckmondwicke, Highfown, Heaton, Li/tlefown, Great and Little Gonier-fall, Mirfeld, and other Villages adjacent to the River Colder, betwixt Wakefield and Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the f ene, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W’here the same was read; and is as t'olloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Pe^ tit ion,

The Agent for the Petitioners called,

Mr. David St a ns field. Merchant: Who, being examined, said, That he has known the Parish of Halifax 30 Years: That it is the most populous Part of the County of York; is about 30 Miles in Circumference, and contains near 50,000 Inhabitants, who are principally employed in the Woollen Manufacture, particularly in making Shalloons, Callimancoes, Kerfeys, Halfthicks, and Stuffs called Everlaftings and Amens.

Mr. Samuel Lees said, He is a Manufacturer and Finifher of Stuffs and Cloths near Halifax; has known that Parish 20 Years, which is very populous, and contains 50*000 Inhabitants.

He gave the same Account of the Nature of the Manufactures, with the last Wittiefs; and added, that he has heard, and believes, that One Third Part of the whole Wrool!en Manufacture of the West Riding of Yorkshire is carried on in the Parish of Halifax; but he had not made a Calculation of the Quantity of the Woollen Ma-M ip ftufa$urey

CaHer Nav Ration,

134 14° Ma A< 1758*

tmfacture, nor could lie exactly say tvhat Number of broad and narrow Cloths are made there:

That the Nature of the Soil is various, Part of it moderately fruitful, and Part excessively barren; and that, upon the Whole, it does not produce a Quantity of Provisiorrs nearly sufficient for the Inhabitants, and not One Thousandth Part of the Wool used in the Manufacture; and that they are supplied with Wool and Provisions from LuK;jlnshire, Nottinghamshire, Norfolk, Suffolk, Leicester-shire, and many other Counties, which are brought chiefly by Water to L^eeds and Wakefield, and from thence carried by Land, at a great Expence, to Halifax; the Distance from Wakefield to Halifax being 16, and from Leeds to Halifax upwards of iy,measured Miles: That the Corn is brought partly upon Wheel Carriages, and partly upon l jorfes, but the greatest Part on Horses.

Being asked the Question, he said^ That the Price of Carriage from Wakefield to Halifax isTvvo Shillings fora Horse Load, which weighs 240/6.: That the Roads are all Turnpike: That the Turnpike Road from Leeds to Halifax, by Way of Bradford, has been completed some time, and that from Wakefield to Halifax is nearly completed; but that the Price of Carriage is higher now than it was before the Turnpikes were made, which he apprehends to arise from the Increafeof the Inhabitants, and their more ex ten five Trade.

Being cross-exatnined, he was asked, If he ever knew the Li habitants of Halifax Parish in Dilirefs for Provisions? he said, he had frequently known it of late Years, at different times of the Year; but he never knew Provisions so scarce, but that tkofe who had Money could get them:

That the Cause of this Scarcity was the high Price of Corn, which he attributes in a great measure to the Expence of Laud* Carriage, and the great Number of Hands It passes- through, before it gets to the Consumers.

Being asked. Whether there was not frequently more than 240 Pounds Weight in a Pack ? he said. Sometimes there might, but, if so, it was paid for extraordinary; and that the Price of a Horse Load from Leeds to Halifax is Two Shillings, and the same from Wakefield, which formerly used to be no more thau 18 d.; and that foraetimes they pay Half a Crown, or even Three Shillings, though the Horses carry no greater Weight now than when they carried for Eighteen Pence.

6eing asked, Whether he knew of any Place, where a Manufacture is carried on, which produces sufficient Materials and Provisions for the Manufacturers? he laid, l ie could not say that he did.

J Being asked the Difference of the Price of Provisions at Wakefield., Leeds, and Halifax, he said. That Wheat at Leeds and Wakefield Market is, in general, from Six to Seven Shillings in a Quarter lower than at Halifax, and Flesh cheaper from a Farthing to a Halfpeny in a Pound; but he does not know whether the Butchers buy their Cattle and Sheep at the same Markets:

That the Bread used by the Manufacturers at Halifax is not all Wheaten Bread, some Part being made of Oatmeal; but that the Price of all Sorts of Grain is nearly in proportion: That the greatest Part of the Corn produced in Halifax Parish grows on the Sides of steep Hills, and the Method of Tillage is chiefly by digging: That the bed Ground is kept for Grazing, which is worth from 2or, to Three Pounds, and in some Places Four Pounds an Acre.

Mr. Slansfield, being further examined>said. That the greatest Part of the Soil about Halifax Parish is very barren, some Parts a deep Clay, some Parts Gravel, and some Parts black Earth, and that it does not produce Provisions sufficient for One Third Part of the Inhabitants: That the Price of Meadow Ground near Halifax is from Five to Six Pounds an Acre; and the Witness himself lets Land for Four Pounds an Acre, which is owing to the small Quantity of Ground, and the great Number of Inhabitants who are to be supplied with Milk and Butler; and that the Parish does not produce ^Thou-ftmdth Part of the Wool sufficient for their Manufactures, which is supplied from most Parts.of the Kingdom, and

comes by Water-to Leeds and Wakefield, from whence it is carried to Halifax by Land, some in Wheel Carriages, but the greatest PaFt by Horse Packs, for which they pay in general Two Shillings a Pack, and feme-times Half a Crown, and are sometimes obliged to fend their own Horses at a great Expence, and the Manufacture suffers greatly by Delay.

Being asked the Question, he said, That the Roads are tolerably good both to Leeds and Wakefield; but if they were as good as any Road in England, he does not believe the Price of Carriage would be reduced; for though the Turnpike Road from Leeds to Halifax ban been *7 completed these Three Years, yet the Price of Carriage is advanced; and the same is the fame, or rather worse, to Rochdale, though the Road has been completed these Eight or Ten Years:

That the Toll on the Road from Wakefield to Halifax 7 is a Peny for a Ilorfe-pack; hut, by the late Ad, it is: liable to be advanced a Halfpeny more, but that Ad/-vance has not vet been made , That this Country is- ~ the worst Part of Yorlshire for Land Carriage , from ' which, and the Bulkinels of a Pack of Wool* he.appre- bends Carriage will Hill continue dear.

Being asked. If they had any Middle-men, who deal i# the Corn used at Halifax ? he said, There were; and that he imagines the Profit of such Middle-men to be about One Shilling in a Horse Load, which is generally Thiee Shillings dearer at Halifax than at Wakefeld; but if the Colder were made uayigable, he apprehends* there would-be no Occafioi) for these Middle-men, or Badgers, as he apprehends the People would buy Corn, and provide Granaries themselves: And he added, that several Gentlemen had declared to him, that they would have ordered Corn, in the late Time of Scarcity, to supply the Poor at Halifax, but were deterred from it by the Expence of Carriage, purchasing Sacks, and hiring Grauaries for it at Wakefield; and that he apprehends jf. 5,700 a Year would be saved in the Parish of Halifax, and its Neighbourhood, in the Two Articles of Carriage, and the Middle-man’s Profits; besides the Advantage of the Exchange of Labour,which must take place if the intended Navigation is completed.

Andbeingafkedthe Question,hesaid, Thathe imagines-the Trade of Halifax Parish to-be about a Third Part of the Woollen Manufacture of the whole County of York. Being crass-examined, he laid, That he does not ap-; prehend that more Goods will be carried from Wakefield to Halifax when the Road shall be completed, because the Road from Leeds has been completed some time, and the Price of Carriage is not reduced; -and-Halifax Bank is an invincible Obstacle, which is ton steep to be made good for Carriages:

That when he (peaks of the good Effects reftfl ting from theproposed Navigation, he means, if executed according to the Plan and Estimate given in by the Surveyor; but any other Plan must iu feme measure have a good Effect, as, by the Navigation, Middle-men would become unnecessary; and that at present there is a Middle-man employed at Wakefield or Leeds, and another between thofeTownsand Halifax,whereas, in case the Navigation were perfected, there would be nomore than One Middleman useful, and many Gentlemen would buy their own Corn, who are at present prevented from so doing by the Trouble of getting it home, and the Expence of Sacks.

Being asked. If a great Part of the Materials for their Manufactures are not brought by Land Carriage ? he said, Some were, but the greatest Part by Water to Leeds and WakefieldThat great Part of the Wool from the midland Counties, and some Parts of Norfolk is brought by Land Carriage; and that a great deal of Wool is brought by Land Carriage; to Wakefield and Leeds, from the North, but very little from the South.

And being asked, Whether the greatest Part of the Wool that comes by Land to Leeds and Wakefield is not brought as Back Carriage by Persons who have carried Goods ? he laid, It was:

That the Inhabitants of Lcedscsuvy Goodsby Land to Tadcaster,b\jX it is-not so far as. from Halifax to Wake-.

field%

31 Geo. It.

field, and the Rond is more level; and that some Lane! Carriage is made life of from Wakefield to Weland:

That reducing the Price of Carriage would increase the Manufactory both in nnd near Halifax, and would be very beneficial to the Woollen Trade in Lanca/hire.

Being allied the Question, he laid, That the Woollen Manufactory at Leeds and Wakefield has increased inpro-rtion to that at Halifax; but that the Branches of that anufacture carried on near Halifax, and in Lanca/hire, are very different from those at Leeds and Wakefield.

Being asked why they fend Goods from Leeds to Tad-casier by Land ? lie laid. That the Navigation on the Rivers Air and f!aider, from I^eeds and Wakefield, to Rawclifle, is a Monopoly; and that by fending their Goods fen Miles by Land, they can fend them to Hull down a River that has no Works upon it, though that Method is neither more expeditious nor cheaper.

Being asked. Whether lie had ever heard of any Stoppage on the Tadcaster River ? lie said, Sometimes there was? And being alked the same Question in regard to the Leeds River, he gave the same Answer.

He said. By a Monopoly, he did not mean that any one is prohibited from navigating on the said Rivers; but that the Lock Duties are so high, that the Proprietors make 30 or 40 per Cent, of their Money, so that the Duties might be lowered; and that if the Proprietors of the intended Navigation were ever allowed to make so much of their Money, he should apprehend it would then become a Monopoly; but it was proposed to prevent that, by lowering the Duties whenever they shall amount to more than a certain Sum per Cent.

Being asked, What the Rent of the old Navigation on thejir and Calder is at present ? he said, He has heard, jf. 6,000 a Year; and that at first, perhaps, it might not be 1,000 Pounds a Year: That he believes the Tolls have been lowered, but he does not know the Proportion.

Being asked. If he knew what the Proprietors divided for the first 20 Years ? he laid, He did not know, hut believes they loft about 20 or 30 per Cent.

Being asked. What Part of the County of Lancaster would be benefited by the proposed Navigation ? he said, Rochdale, and the Parts adjacent, would receive equal Advantage with Halifax; and that he believes the Navigation is capable of being continued to Rochdale, or even to Manchester; but he cannot speak to that with any Certainty, having never seen an v Plan.

Mr. John Smeaton, Engineer, being examined, said, That he lmd lurveved the River Calder, from Wakefield to Sailer Hebble Bridge; and he produced to your Committee his Survey, which he said was laid down with the utmost Care; and he said, that the Distance from Wakefield to Brooffmouth, by the Side of the River, is 23 Miles and an Half, and from thence to Salter Hebble Bridge Half a Mile:

That the Rife of the Surface of the River, from the Level Water below Wakefield Bridge, to the Level Water at the Mouth of Halifax Brook, is 154 Feet, and that from thence to the Level Water below Salter Hebble Dam is 24 Feet; in the Whole, 178 Feet; and consequently the Descent, at a Medium, is about One Inch in 20 Yards, or Onp Foot in 700:

That about One Half of the Descent above-mentioned is occupied by Fulling and other Mills, and that the other Half at present is unapplied to any Use:

That, when this Survey was taken, the River was remarkably low, yet that there was in general a Sufficiency of Water to keep Two Fulling Mill Wheels constantly going, and at the same time the Water afforded by the Brook, in 24 Hours, was as much a*> could be expended by Five Boats passing in that time:

That where the Fall of Water is not occupied by Mills, the Water is alternately divided into Pools and Streams: That the Pools are many of them deep enough for Navigation; and that the Streams are most of them upon Shingle or Gravel Beds, which are capable of being removed:

Tlwt there are every where flat Meadows on one Side of the River or the other, and generally on both Sides: Vol. 28.

That the Surface of the Water-side Meadow's have Cafdrr the same general Declivity as the River, and confe- ^av, Satioa’ qtiently that the Water cannot remain upon the Meadows, after the Current is retired within Bank, in the Decline of a Flood t

That the Bed of the River corresponds in general to the Soil of the Meadows: That it is a loomy Earth at the Top, and the same mixed with Gravel underneath:

That the most general Height of the Meadows above the Water, where it is not raised by Dams for the Use of the Mills, is about Nine Feet:

That he is of Opinion, from adtle Consideration of the Facts before recited, it is practicable to continue the Navigation of the River Cdldei', from Wakefield to Brooks-v\outh, for Boats and Barges (such as navigate from Raw-cliffe to Wakefield), that is, such as do not draw above Three Feet Six Inches Wat^r in dry Seasons, without fen-sibly affecting the Mills either by Back Water or Loss of Water, or the Meadows adjoining, by occasioning or continuing the Floods thereon sensibly longerthanusual; and that a Reservoir being formed below Suiter Hebble Bridge, for amassing the current Waters of the Brook in dry Seasons, the said Navigation may be carried up to Salter Hebble Bridge at all Seasons of the Year; and that the whole Expence will not exceed £. 30,000:

That the Survey was taken in October and November last; and that he inquired of the Millers, who said, there would be Water enough to supply Two Wheels:

That he made all the Observations on the River himself; thinks the Plan practicable, and would undertake to execute it.

' Being asked, What the Expence of perfecting the Navigation would amount to ? he said. He had estimated it at 29,000 some odd Hundred Pounds; but as it is difficult to ascertain the Expence of such an Undertaking within a few Hundred Pounds, he had delivered in the Estimate at £. 30,000.

Being cross-examined, he was asked, If he had ever been concerned in making a River navigable ? he said.

Not in the Execution of any Navigation; but that he had surveyed the River Clyde, about Two or Three Years ago, in order to the making it navigable, but the Scheme is not yet carried into Execution.

Being asked the Question, he said. He had been employed Seven Weeks in surveying the Calder, during which time he tfas three times up the River, and spent about a Month of the Time in taking the Measures.

Being asked. What was the general Rule of determining the Practicability of Navigations with regard to the Descent ? he said. That if there was a sufficient Quantity of Water, though the Descent be very great, a Navigation may be made; but the less the Fall the better, as it may be executed so much the cheaper.

Being asked. Whether a quick Fall was not more convenient for the Proprietors of the adjoiningGrounds? he said. It was, because the Floods would sooner pass away.

Being asked. What Water the Vessels to be employed in the proposed Navigation would draw ? he said, their Draughts would be various; but that, with Four Feet Water (whichDepthhe propofesto have by his Schema), they would carry from 20 to 25 Ton.

Being asked. Whether he had seen a Survey of this River, taken in the Year 1740 ? he said, He had; and that it differs somewhat from his Survey in regard to the Level, but not materially; and if he himself were to level the River again, he cannot say that, info great aDiftance, the Level would exactlycorrespond with his last Survey:

That he made some "Observations on the Quantity of Water necessary to turn the Fulling Mills; and thinks, that, in general, if a Clough be 29 Inches wide, and Eight Inches high, and a Four Foot Head of Water applied, it will not be more than sufficient for most of them; but they are not all alike. *

Being asked. What Effect the highest Lock would have on Halifax Brook ? he said. No immediate EffeCf, for that the Lock is only to keep the Water in the Reservoir, which lie proposes to cover about Two Acres of

Ground*

u.

t? 6 14°

fcakter Ground, and to be about tight Foot Deep at a Me-Kavigation. . j|lat |.je can»t say jJ0W lonpr the Reservoir would be in filling, but beobserved the River runsmor^than Five Locks full in 24 Hours.

Being Hiked, What Time it would take to complete the Navigation ? he said, That would depend on the Number of Hands employed; but, according to the common Course, about Seven Years.

Mr. David Stansfield, being further examined, said. That the Country about Halifax produces Flags (or Stones proper for Pavements), and Slates, which are wanted in the East Riding of Yorkshire, Lincolnshire, Nott high a mjhi 1 e, and other Counties; and if the Navigation should lake Effect, thejf could carry their Flags and Slates to the Parts where they are wanted, and bring back Lime, which is at present dear in the Neighbourhood of Halifax, that Country not producing any, and they being obliged to fetch it 20 Miles by Land Carriage, in Carriages and on Horseback; and that Lime might be brought from Knottingley, and the Parts adjacent, from whence it is now brought by Land:

That the Extenlion of the Navigation would enable the Merchants to export the Manufactures of Halifax, and the adjacent Parts, about One and a Quarter per Cent. cheaper than they can at present: Tjiat it would, also tend to the Preservation of the Highways, and to thelncrease of the Number of Seamen.

Being cross-exanained, he was asked, How much cheaper Goods have been exported since the Calder has been navigable up to Wakefield ? he said. He was informed, that the Cloalhing for the Rufjian Troops (which is mostly made in the Country between Wake-field and Halifax) has been sent abroad 10 per Cent. cheaper; and the White Kerfeys for cloathing the Dutch Troops Five per Cent, cheaper.

Being aflked. Whether 30 Years ago the Navigation was not perfected to Wakefield? he said. It was; but th;it, in the first Ruffian Contracts, the Cloths were sent up to London, and exported from thence: and the white Kerfeys were formerly sold at Bladcwell Hall.

' Being aiked, if he knew what Quantity of Lime was wanted at Halifax in a Year ? he said, The more w as used, the better, for that the Lands are very cold, and require great Quantities of Lime for Manure.

Being asked, Whether, when he mentioned the Preservation of the Roads, as One Effect of the intended Navigation, he did not mean, that in that Cafe, they would be less nfed ? lie said. He did; and that consequently they would require less Repairs: That the Stage Waggons from Halifax to London are drawn by Eight Horses: That they go through Wakefield, and carry from Halifax to Wakefield about 10 or 12 Horse-packs, which is as much as they can dravy up Halifax Bank; but at Wakefield or Htrnple they load about 30 Packs; and that coming from London, they frequently drop. Part of their Load at Wakefield, and fend it from thence by Horse-packs.

Being asked, Whether the Carriage from London was not cheaper fmee the Turnpike Road was completed > he fki^Th^ Road is not complete yet:

That, within these Two Years, about Eight or Ten Miles of it have beer? completed, and about a Mile, or & Mile and an Half, yet remains unftnished; but that the Price of Carriage is not reduced.

Beiqg asked the V alueof a Pack of their Manufactures, fee said j Some are worth £. 70 or 80 but the Medium Valuers about £. 40 or 50 which is carried to Wakqfield for 2 but it would be an Advantage if the Goods were carried cheaper; and that the Goods are more damaged by Land Carriage than by Water, on account of the Fri&ion; and that the Witness himself had Two Packs damaged within these 12 Months;

Being asked, Whether the Trade he mentioned to iftuffia had been always carried on between Wakefield and Halifax? he said, It had been principally carried on there, but some Part of it about Leeds; but that that Trade about Leeds was once loft, occasioned, as he

Martii. j4. 17 58.

believes, by making their Cloths too narrow, and ilrelch* ing them too much; but that a Rivalship in Trade would be a Means of keeping up the Manufactures to their proper Goodness.

Being asked, What Number of Horse Loads of Grain are carried from Leeds and Wakefield to Halifax in a Week? he said, About 600, and 500 Packs of Wool> and Materials for the M anil factory, about One half of which are used in the Parish of Halifax, and the rest in the adjacent Parts; and that he made this Calculation from the Turnpike Books.

Being asked, How far it would be from the Head of the intended Navigation to the furtheii Part of the Parish of Halifax ? he laid, About 10 or 12 measured Miles, and that the Materials for the Manufacture* must be carried to those Places by Land; but that he estimates the Advantage of the Navigation upon the whole Pari ill of Halifax, and the Parts adjacent; and he apprehends the Difference between Land and Water Carriage, from Wakefield to Halifax, would be, at least, One Half, but that depends upon the Tonage.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners informed your Committee, that he rested the Proofs of the Allegations, contained in the several Petitions for which he appeared, upon the Evidence already given.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, residing in and near the Parish of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster:

To prove the Allegations whereof, the Agent for the Petitioners examined,

Mr. George Stansfield: Who informed your Committee, That he was a White Kersey Maker, and lives near Sowerby Bridge, and is very well acquainted with the Country about Rochdale, which is very populous, and I he Inhabitantschiefly employed in different Branches of the Woollen Manufacture, particularly White Kerfeys and Bays, the Manufacture whereof is very considerable; and that these Manufactures are different from the Spccies of the Woollen Manufacture carried on at Wakefield and Leeds: That the Manufacturers are supplied with Wool and Materials chiefly from Lincolnshire, and the Eastern Parts of Yorkshire, Suffolk, Norfolk, and the Port of London, andfomefrom Nottingham/hire: ThatthefeMa-terials from Uncoln/hire, and the East Part of Yorkshire, are sent by Water to Wakefield or Leeds; and those from Norfolk, Suffolk, and the Port of London, are sent to Hull, and from thence also by Water to Leeds and Wakefield, from whence they are carried to Rochdale, and the Parts adjacent, by Land: That the Country about Rochdale does not produce Corn sufficient for a Tenth Part of the Inhabitants, who are supplied with a great Part of the Corn they consume from Yorkshire and Lincolnshire, which is conveyed to them in the same manner as the Wool: That their Manufactures are chiefly exported from Hull, in order to which, they are sent by Land to Leeds and Wakqfield, and from thence by Water to the Port of Hull: That the Distance from Rochdale to Wake-field, or Leeds, is 24 computed Miles; and that their Manufactures are sent thither by Land Carriage, and not bailed up till they come to Leeds or Wakefield:

That the Distance from Rochdale to Sowerby Bridge is 10 computed Miles; and that in the Road from Sowerby Bridge to Wakqfield there are Six deep Hills, which make it very inconvenient for Wheel Carriages, so that the Goods are generally carried on Horseback: That the Price of Carriage has increased, of late Years, from One Third to One Half, which be imagines to proceed from the Increase of the Trade; so that the Manufacturers are almost left to the Mercy of the Carriers, and cannot be served for want of convenient Carriage; and that he has known Wool lie Three or Four Months at Leeds and Wakefield, waiting for Carriage;

That if the Navigation were extended only to Brooks' mouth, the extraordinary Expence of Land Carriage from Sbwcrby Bridgets Brookfinouthonly, would be 5$. a Ton,

which

3i Geo. II. 14 Ma 137

which would not amount to more than One Shilling a Ton, if the Navigation were extended to Sowerby Bridge:

That the Di fiance from Sower by Bridge to Brook/mouth, by Land, is about Three Miies, over a steep Hill, and the Pack-horses from Rochdale to Sower by Bridge can go and return in one Day; whereas if they were obliged to go to Brooksmouth, they could not return till the next Day:

That their Goods are frequently damaged by Land Carriage, by Wet, and other Accidents on the Road, and foiled by packing and unpacking:

That Soivcrby Bridge lies on the great Turnpike Road from East to West, and, by extending the Navigation thither, an easy Communication would be opened between the Eastern and Western Parts of the Kingdom; and the greatest Part of the Parish of Halifax will receive an Advantageby this Extension of the Navigation to Sower by Bridge, equal to the Inhabit ants in and about Rochdale, and in some respects greater Benefit, as they will thereby be furnished with Coals, Lime, Stones, and Materials for building; and that by completing the intended Navigation, the Manufacturers in the Western Parts of Yorkshire? and in Lanca/hire, will be able to procure their Provisions and Materials at a cheaper Rate, and fend their Manufactures cheaper to Market: That the Witness himself is.a Proprietor of some of the Lands which join to the intended Navigation: That lie knows all the Proprietors of Lands and Mills, which will be chiefly affected byit, between Sowerby Bridge and Brook/mouth: That the Matter has been generally known in the Country; and that he never heard any Okjetlion made by any of the Proprietors of Lands or Mills, but, on the contrary, they generally approved it.

Being cross-examined, lie was asked, Whether, if the Navigation were completed to Sowerby Bridge, they should not be obliged to fend their Goods thither, without being baled ? he said. They should, in that Cafe, bale them at Iidme.

Being further asked, At what time he had known Goods lie so long at Leeds and Wakefield as he had mentioned in his Evidence? he said. It was last Spring, when they lay for want of Horses.

Being also asked. How many Mills were upon the River between Brook/mouth and Sowerby Bridge ? he said, Three or Four Fulling and Corn Mills.

Mr. John Eyes, Surveyor and Architect, being examined, said, That he furveved the River Colder,- from Brook/mouth to Sowerby Bridge (which isTwo Miles Four Furlongs and 34 Perches), in January last, and that the Fall of the Water, from the Mill Dam under Sowerby Bridge, is 29 Foot 2 Inches and an Half; and that, in his Opinion, it is capable of being made navigable for about £.3,400, and that there is no Dam intended in this Part of the Navigation: That he likewise measuredthe Road from Sowerby Bridge to Brook/mouth by Land, which is 5 Furlongs 26 Perches further than by Water; and that there is a Hill in the Road which rises 200 Yards perpendicular, in 1,890 Yards in Length.

Then your Committeeproceeded to examine the Matter of the Petition of Sir Lionel Pilkington Baronet, Edward Darby and John Greenwood; and, in Support of the Allegations thereof, the Counsel for the Petitioners called,

Mr. Nathaniel Bertram: Who said, That he has the Care of Sir Lionel Pilkington'$ Mills as a Steward, and iswell acquainted with the River Caldei': That Sir Lionel has Four Corn Mills, Two Fulling Mills, and OneFrize-3iTgMill,at Wakefield: That the intended Navigation, if carried into Execution, will occasion a Loss of Water at Wakefield, where there isfometimesfcarce Water enough for Two Mills; and that, in the Summer Time, they are frequently flopped, for want of Water: That he apprehends the want of Water would be inereased by the intended Navigation, from the Passage of Boats, and the Leakage through the Lock Gates: That he has always Vol. 28.

observed a Leakage in the Gate at the best, and Come-times a very great one: Navigation*

That. Sir Lionel's Corn Mills are Soc Mills, and ttye Inhabitants within the Soc are obliged to grind their Corn there, in case it can be ground in 24 Hours* if not, they have Liberty to carry it to a,ny other Mill; and that there are 7 or 8,000 Souls within the Soc:

That Sir Ifionel is obliged to repair these Mills at a very great Expence, and the Soc Mills alone constantly em* ploy Four Men; and that in Winter Time they have frequently too much Water, which throws the Mills on Back-water:

That there is a Dam a Mile below the lower Mill, which is a Fulling Mill, which throws it into Back-water very much, and flops it many Weeks in a Year, and the Clothiers don’t carry their Cloth thither then, for fear of the Mill being flopped, for if it (lands fiill an Hour, they complain that it hurts their Cloth; and that he sometimes flops the Fulling Mills, for the Advantage, of the Corn Mills.

Being asked, Whether he had observed tl)e Locks on the old Navigation ? he said, There was but one Lock at Wakefield', and sometimes the Waste of Water was very great at it, and sometimes the Gates are in good Order: That, by the proposed Plan for the Navigation^ there is a new Dam intended to be made below Horbury Mills, where the re are Two Falling Mills and Two Corn Mills: That the Dam will be about about a Mile from those Mills, and a Lock there, to which a Cut will be made from the Dam; and that he apprehends this Dam will have as bad an Effect upon Jlorbury Mills as the other Dam has upon the Mill he mentioned before, and that there will be a AVafte of Water when the Boats go through; and that he has seen the Boatmen sometimes draw great Quantities of Water to flash their Boats, which is sometimes necessary, and sometimes done Tor Mischief: That the intended Lock will be about 700 Yards from the Mills, and there mud be a Man there purposely to watch it.

Being asked, Whether he ever remembers the Mills between Wakefield and Halifax wanting Water? he said, That the Mills at Waki;field, Deiv/bury new Mills, and Jlorbury Mills, are stopped every Summer.

Beingcross-examined, he was asked, Whether Horbury Mills don’t aftift Wakefield Mills in grindingfortheSoc? he said, Verj^ little :That moreCorn is ground at Wakefield Mills than is used in the Soc, but he does not know how much, but not Half so much for others as for the Soc:

That Wakefield and Horbury Mills together don’tgrind One Quarter so much Corn for Persons out of the Soc, as for the Soc itself; and they grind for none but in the Soc, in the Times of the greatest Scarcity of Water.

Being asked, What Quantity of Water would pass through or fill a Lock? he said. That would not do so much Damage as the waste Water: That he apprehends Wakefield or Horbury Mills would not be much prejudiced by a Lock full of Water, and that the Miller would not be able to perceive any Loss.

Being asked. Whether it was not possible to make Locks which would admit very little Loss of Water? he laid. He never saw any such.

Being alked. Whether any other Mills, lmt the low Mill at Wakefield, were ever put into Back-water ? he said. That Cajlleford Mills and Knotting Mills were; and that the Proprietors of the Navigation pay£.20oa Year for the Damage done so Knottingley Mills: That he believes they formerly paid only £.40, and has heard that afterwards they paid 100, and now £.200, but he does not know whether these Mills are really damage

£ 200 a Year, or whether any Damage at all is done t<? them by the Navigation, or whether the Money ispawji for some other Confederation; for that he believes thq § Owners of those Mills haveit^in their Power to flop th# Navigation by drawing their Cloughs:

That the Mill below Wakefield belonged so Mr. Francis Neville; but he does not know whether Mr\ Neville Nn had

138 14° Martii. 1758.

Calder had not a Consideration paid by the Undertakers, for Cloth might be fulled, if the new Mill was never avigation. rajgng the J)am below that Mill: worked:

That sometimes the Water does not run over Wakefield That the Fulling Mill and the new Mill are on the

Dam for Months together; nor the Fulling Mill won’t same Dam; and that they grind most Corn at the old

so, unless they can spare Water from the Corn Mills, Mill.

ut that the Mills can go when the Water does not William Pees, a Miller at Knottingley, said, He has run over the Dam: known Knottingley Mills 40 Years: That there is a

That they have not Work to employ their Fulling Dam at Bealy which is Two Miles below Knottingley Mills the Year round, seldom milling more than 600 Mills, which throws the Water up to the Tail of those Pieces of Cloth in a Year, but he cannot tell how much Mills, and sets them on a Back-water for a Week, a more they could do: That they could have milled more Fortnight, or sometimes a Month together:

Cloth lad Year, but he cannot say how much: That the That great Quantities of Water are drawn from these Fulling Mills sometimes Hand dill for want of Work, Mills by the Passage of Boats, insomuch that when when they have Water, but he cannot tell how many Water is scarce, they cannot grind, but this happens Days in a Year; but they have Eightfcore Cudomers, seldom in the Winter: That sometimes 20 Boats pa's and the Business sometimes comes in in a Lump. in a Day, and that they have done so for a Fortnight or

Being asked, If they ever turned away any Cloths that Three Weeks lad, when an Account was taken of them; they could not full ? he said, That the Clothiers wet but that the Drawing off* Water for the Passage of Boats

their Cloths with Urine before they are fulled, which does not always dop the Mills:

occasions the Cloth to heat; and therefore they come That the Tide came up to Knottingley before the before-hand to the Mills, to fee if they can be fulled, Dams below were built, and that those Dams have de-and they have been obliged to tell People they could droyed a Fishery, which was worth £.100 a Year; and not take their Cloths for want of Water, in which same that the Tides never occasioned a Back-water:

they go with them to other Mills. That the Water is mostly low in Summer, except w^t

Being asked. How many Cloths they could full in a Summers; and that the Proprietors of the Navigation Day ? he said, Some go 10 Hours, and fotne 20. have set Deals upon the Top of Beall Dam, to raise it.

Being asked, If he apprehends the Loss of Water by Being asked, whether Knottingley Mills were between the intended Navigation would be so great, as not to Wakefield and Halifax? he said. No; they are the lowed leave a Quantity sufficient to do moreWork than is done Mills on the River, and Eight Miles below Wakefield. at present? he said, There cannot be so much done Being asked, Whether the Back-water was the Effect then as is done now. of Floods, or the Dam ? he said. Of the Dam, very

Being further examined, he said, That the Fall of much; for a little Flood sets them on Back-water: That Water at Knottingley Mills is not so great as at Wake- this Part of the River is more level than between Wake-field, but he does not know whether Knottingley Mills field and Halifax: That Brother ton Marsh extends both are more liable to a Back-water: That the Fall at Wake- above and below these Mills: That it is level Ground: field Mills is not a great one, and the Height of the ill- That the Dam is below the Bank of the River: That tended Dam at Horbiuy is Four Foot. the whole Marsh is sometimes flooded; and that Floods

Being asked, Whether the Fulling Mills ever flopped continue longer in a level Country, than where there, for the Corn Mills ? he said, Frequently. is a Descent:

Being alked. Whether the Inhabitants of Wakefield That there is a Five Foot Head of Water at these are obliged to grind the Flour they fell, as well as what Mills; and that they have been obliged to raise them on they use at the Soc Mills? he said. They were, if they account of the Dam below, and of a Wear which the fold it in the Soc; Undertakers of the Navigation made about the Year

That they have frequently Cloth, and no Water, in 1730 or 1731, which is within 200 Yards of the Mills, Summer; and they could mill Two or Three hundred and by which the River is contrafted Two Thirds. Pieces of Cloth more in a Year if they had Water: Being asked, What the Undertakers of the Navigation

That the low Mill at Wakefield belongs to Mrs. Went- paid formerly to the Proprietors of those Mills for the worthy and there is a Cut goes by that Mill for the Navi- Damage done by the Navigation ? he said, They paid gation, and they navigate up aGoit to Wakefield; and, nothing till about 20 Years ago, and at the first they by shutting down the Cloughs at the upper Mills, and paidonly^.80 aYear, £.6^ for the Damage to the Mills, opening those at the Mill below, they can lay that and £.15 for setting the Deals on Beal Dam; and that Goit dry. then there was no Complaint made of the Fishery, and

Being asked, Whether he knew of any Flour, fold lafi the Dams were raised as high as they are now: That Year in the Soc, that was not ground in it? he said, at present they pay £.200 a Year, £.100 of which is for Mr. Idle fold some, but he does not know of any other the Damage done to the Fishery, but it is hard to know Person; but that the Evidence himself had fold Flour what Damage is done to the Mills, which are Soc Mills, last Year in the Soc, which was ground at the new Mills and People have been obliged to take away their Corn that are out of the Soc; and that they fell great Quan- from them.

tities of Flour from the new Mills out of the Soc. Being asked, Whether the Proprietors of the Mills

Being asked, Whether the Fulling Mills were never can prevent the Navigation ? he said. That in dry Sea-flopped by the Working of the new Mills ? he said, The fons they can draw off the Water, so as to prevent it. Fulling Mills might be oftener employed if the new but not in Winter; and that there was formerly a Forge Mills were never worked. there, which was discontinued for want of Water.

Being asked, What Height of Back-water would ob- Being cross-examined, he said, That the Dam at Beal firuct the Working of a Mill ? he said, Two Foot would was eretled in the Year 1 700, and that the Fisherv was hurt some, and others will work with Three Foot. then deiiroyed; and that he did not know the Mills till Being asked, What Number of Fulling Mills are on after Beal Dam was made: That he has heard that Beal the intended Navigation ? he said. There are about 30 Dam throws up the Water, but that there is a Shoal Stocks between Wakefield and Brighouse, Six of which between Knottingley Mills and Beal Dam: and he does are at Dewsbury, Four at Horbury, and Four at Wake- not know whether Beal Dam is higher than the Bed of fieldy but he doesnot know the others exactly: That there the Rtver at that Shoal, and, if it is not higher, it can-are Fulling Mills on the Rivers Air and Wharf \ but does not raise the Water at the Mills: not know how many, but the Leeds People never fend That these Mills were never let: and he does not. #ny Cloths to them, nor they any to Leeds: know how much Corn is ground there in a Year, but.

That sometimes, when they have Cloth at the Fulling when the Water is at the lovveft, they can grind about Mill, they set down the new Mill; and that more 60 Bushels in a Day, being sometimes obliged to flop,

by

31 Geo. II.

by the drawing off Water for FlalhingBoats; and, when the Water is at the bed, they can grind 240 Bushels a Day; and that he imagines the Tolls taken at the Mills, in a Year, may be of the Value of upwards of^.150, perhaps £.200.

Being asked the Questions, he said, They had never any Back-water but in time of Floods: That they were liable to that before the Navigation; and that the Navigation has increased within these 20 Years:

That, about "Three Years after he went to those Mills, they were raised, and that afterwards they were obliged to raise them again; and that some of them have been raised 20 Inches; and that the Mills are now oftener on Back-water than they were 20 Years ago, the Water Handing longer on them, which he fiippofes to be occasioned by the Wears which are made to contract; the Breadth of the River, and by Beal Dam being raised by Boards a Foot.

Being alked, Whether a Mill is injured by a Foot Back-water ? he said, Their Mill would go in a Backwater of upwards of Two Foot:

That the Amount of the Leakage of a Lock is not much; and he does not know w by the Allowance lor Damage to the Mills is increased.

Being alked. How they came to be more in Backwater now, than they w ere before the Mills were raised 20 Inches? he said. There is only One Mill raised so high; and, before it was raised, they were most an end in Back-water, but they are not now so much as they were even before the Boards were put up at Itea/Dam.

Being alked, Whether the Passing of a Vessel would stop the Mill ? he said, Very felrlom: That they generally let a Number of Boats go through together, and that sometimes the Mills have been (lopped by that for a Night.

Being alked, What the Mills would lett for more, if the Dain and Wear below were taken away ? he said. He did not know, perhaps 50 or £.60 a Yrear.

William Oldfield, being examined, said. That he was a Miller at a Fulling Mill, called Batty Mill, on the Colder, between Wakefield and Halifax, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, and has lived there Four Years: That when Mr. Smeaton surveyed the Calder (which was in October last), the Water was very low?; and that an Oil M ill had (lood Hill Two Months, in order to supply the Fulling Mills with Water; and they had as much Cloth by them at that time as they could have fulled in a Week, but could not full it for want of Water; and that it frequently happens that they can’t w ork their Mills for want of Water:

That if the Mills a re (lopped when they are fulling a Piece of Cloth, the Cloth is damaged, and will not work to a Subfiance proper for Sale, and in some Places it will be thread bare:That some Colours fuller more than others, particularly Points, Clarets, and Cinnamons; but that at his Mill they chiefly work white Cloth: That when the Cloths are thus spoiled, the Merchants will not take them, but they remain in the Maker’s Hands, whofwaps them for Wool, or something else, to his great Lcfs.

Being cross-examined, he said. That a Cloth may lay an Hour in the Stock without Damage, but that some-tiraes they will not; and that Cloth is not often spoiled in the Stock: That a Scarcity of Water does not spoil the Cloth that is not in the Stock: That they are obliged to take the Cloth out of the Stock during the time of milling it, to settle it, which is done in about a Quarter of an Hour, during which time the Mill (lops; but the Cloth cannot be taken out of the Stock for any con-luierableTime without spoiling it, which be has known done by taking it out an Hour or Two.

Being alked, Whether more Cloth was not spoiled by being too long in the Stock, than by being taken too frequently out? he said, He never saw any spoiled by being too long in the Stock, nor by being catrigged:

That, at the time of Mr. Smeaton's Survey, they kept Two Mills at Work when they had Water, and that no Water run over the Dam at that time.

Being asked. Whether he could find the Difference by VoL. 28.

*39

the Working of the MillsofHalfan Inch Depth t>f Water in the Dam? he said, He could not, but he could Two or Three Inches: That, with a Head of Four Foot Water, the Wheel would work till it was reduced to 12 Inches, when it would (lop, during which Interval it would continue to go (lower and flower.

Being alked the Question, he said, He had sometimes known Cloth taken from the Fulling Mills, when it was supposed to be sufficiently thickened, which has afterwards been brought again to be made thicker, after it has been kept 24. Hours, and dry; and that sometimes these Cloths have been spoiled, and sometimes not; and that sometimes, when a Cloth is in part milled, and the Mill (lopped for want of Water, they can wait till more Water comes, without spoiling the Cloth, and sometimes they cannot; but that he cannot say what Number of1 Cloths there are, in proportion, that will not take the Mill again, but be thinks there have been about Haifa Score such at Batty's Mill within these last Three Years; and that sometimes they have milled 12 or 14 Pieces in a Week, and sometimes 20; and that if the Mill is (lopped, and the Cloth lays Three or Four Hours in the Stock, it will be spoiled, and more so if it lays out that time; and if Water is taken away for the Passage of Boats, the Mills mull stop till it comes again i That lie has been obliged to let Cloth lay Three or Four Hours, which in that time grows four, and (links, and won’t take the Mill again; hut all Cloths won’t mill alike.

Being alked. Whet her Cloth taken out of the Stock for Four Hours is all spoiled ? belaid. No; but that he had known Half a Score Pieces spoiled; and that he never could make Cloth take the Mill again after being soured, and does not know that it will.

Being alked. Whether they ever put Cloth into the! Mill till they are sure of Water to full it? he said. They can’t be sure nf that in scarce Times, for that they have never Water enough in Batty's Dam at one time to full a Piece of Cloth without a Supply: That sometimes Cloth lies Three or Four Days before it is put into the Mill, but lie don’t know of any Cloth being spoiled for want of being put into the Stock at all; That when Cloth is taken out in its Heat, it will mill again, if it does not lie to four, but that it frequently turns four in Summer Time, in which same the Maker is obliged to take it again; and that lie does not know of any Method to restore soured Clcth to its former Goodness.

Being asked, if Fulling Mills on the Calder could do more Work if they had it ? he said, That in Summer they cannot do what they have, but he never heard of any Cloths being fentto any other Places to be fulled* but he believesthe FullingMills on that River would not full more Cloths than are made in the West Riding.

John Rotlierey, being examined, said. He was a Clothier, and knew Hounjlett Fulling Mills,which are on the River Airy Five Miles from Wakefield, and that he has attended those Mills and Lowthrop Fulling Mills for 20 Years, and they are often in want of Water in Summer Time: That at Hounjlett Mills they are sometimes forced to stop, and the Cloth is heated, by heaping great Quantities one upon another, so as to make it unmarketable; and that they spoil if they lie by themselves, particularly Points, Modes, and Clarets, will not (land it; and that he has known the Colours changed, so as to render them unmarketable, and that before they are scoured; and that a fine Cloth, after it is scoured, will spoil with Ivnng by, and be broken bottomed, and full of Holes:

That the Merchant will not take damaged Cloth, or Cloth which has the Colour fpoiied, without some Re^-compence; but that some Cloths will ca(t sooner than others: That the Time taken in milling a Piece of Cloth is 10, 15, 20, or 30 Hours, according to its Goodness.

Being examined in regard to the Leakage at the Lock Gates, he laid, He had seen as many as moil Men, and he never saw any but what would leak; and that he has seen Cloughs which have been neglected, and by that means abundance of Water loft; and the Millers have

thrown

140 Martii.

Caldci

Navigation*

140 i4° 175 8

Caldrr thrown Dirt in, to flop it; and tft6y frequently draw Price within these Three Months, and he aferibes this Navigation. so mt,ch Water, to let the Boats go down, as to pre- Fall in the Price to the Use of Broad Wheeled Wag- vent the Working of the Mills - and that he had known gons:

Mills flopped by Back-water. That the Turnpike Road from Wairfield to Halifax

Being cross-examined, he said, He did not exactly isconipletedwithinHaIfaMile;andheapprehends,when know how long a Cloth will lie in the Stock without that Road is fmifted, the Price of Carriage will fall; for, fpoiling, but lie has frequently known therri spoiled, beforetheRoadwasfinifted,theycouldonIy carry Eight and that they spoil before they are put into the Mill, Packs upon Eight Horses, and now they can carry 25 if they wait too I<rtig: Packs upon a Broad Wheeled Waggon: That they have

That he does not know the Quantity of Leakage at carried that Weight, and he believes they could carry a Lock, nor whether the Waste is greater from that, more, for that a Carrier had told him they could, and or the Flafting of Water for the Passage of Boats. he believes it from the Nature of the Road; but that he And being asked, Whether, if Boats could be so con- never saw a Waggon go up or down Halifax Bank with struCled as to pass without flashing, the Navigation 25 Packs, nor ever went up it in a Carriage: would in that same hurt the Millers? he said. Rethought That he knows no Reason why the Carriage from they could not be so couftru&ed: Wakefield to Halifax should not fall in the same Pro-

That Cloths are spoiled only by souring; and if they portion with that from London to Wakefield, as it hasfor-were not to heat, they would four with lying: That if merly been carried on by Horses, and now Broad Wheel-they are hung up or spread, they are not liable to heat, ed Waggons can go; and that the Increase of the Price but they will call and turn four from the Soap that is in of Horse Carriage from Wakefield to Halifax, of late them; and that the least Time required to mill a Piece Years, is owing to the Dearness of Corn: of Cloth, is Nine or Ten Hours: That the laying the That Woollen Goods are carried full as well by Land Cloths on Heaps, is Carelessness in the Miller: That it as by Water 5 and that he shoufd prefer Land Carriage, would be better if they were spread, but they will spoil if equally cheap, as they are apt to get tumbled when even in that'Cafe; and he has known Cloths milled, taken out of Ships or Boats; and that they take the Goods then tenter cd, and then milled again: out of Boats with a Crane: That Wet spoils them by

That he has had Cloth lie by him in Summer for want taking off the Face, but that he never had any dania-of milling, when the Merchant wanted it; and he has ged by Land or Water, and his Goods chiefly come by known Cloth carried to Harwood to be fulled. Land to Wakefield: That Water Carriage is nothinglike

And being asked the Question, he said. He did not so certain as Land Carriage, for, where there are corn-know any thing of the River Colder. mon Stages, they cannot be disappointed: That a Broad

.John Gar)iett, being examined, said. That he farms Wheeled Waggon would go from Wakefield to Halifax. Hoiniflett Mills: That they want Water in Summer for in 12 Hours, and return in the same time: That there the Palling of Boats, and are obliged to flop, by which is a great Hill near Halifax, but that is no Obstruction the doth is darbaged, f6r it will not take hold of the to the Land Carriage, for Broad Wheeled Waggons Mill again, which prevents its beingproperly thickened, go up and down it very well; and that there are Three makes the Colour fade, and the Wool rife uneven; and, high Hills on that Road:

when thus damaged, the Merchants will not take it: That a Broad Wheeled Waggon might afford to carry

That the Passage of Boats takes away Water, and 25 or 30 Packs of Wool from Wakefield to Halifax at there is always a Drain through the Locks; and that a Shilling a Pack; but there are no Stage Waggons there when the Com Mills are at work, flashing the Water at present, the Road not being fmished, but that a Wag-deadens and clogs the Mitl, especially when grinding gon has gone there; and if Stage Waggons were eflab-toft Corn, so that what remains of the Corn cannot be lifted, they would go cheaper than now: That the Price ground small, nor the fmull Quantity of Flour dressed of Carriage on Horseback was formerly 2 s. a Pack from out of it, some of which remains in the Bran, which is Wakefield to Halifax, but that now he pays only is. 9d. the better for Cattle, but the Poor lose it; and that there and 18 d. back.

is always some Leakage at the Gates. Being cross-examined, lie said. That the Carriage of

Being cross^examined, he said, He did not know that a Pack from Wakefield to London is 13 s. 4 d.: That it the Millers are bound to flash all the Boats, nor whether has been reduced, but he does not know when: their are paid for their Flafhes of Water; but that the That the Carriage from Halifax to Wakefield is Back Witness himselfhad received Money for flashing, and he Carriage, and that lie pays is. 9 d. one Way, and 18 d. has heard Complaints that the Boatmen treat the Mil- the other, which is the common Price, but that he paid lers, and by that means induce them to let go more 2s. till within about a Month: That there are many Water than is necessary: That the Waste of Water is Carriers, and he does not know what other People pay, greater from flashing than from the Locks, for they some- but the Carrier he employs has carried for many at the times throw 20 Locks full after One Boat, and this some- same Price:

times once, sometimes twice a Day: That he cannot tell That he cannot say whether the Carriage from Wake-the Leakage of a good Lock in an Hour, but that it field to Halifax is certain in 12 Hours, prejudices the Milts in Summer, and they flash in the And being asked, Whether Packs have not laid Three Summer as well as in Winter, for that in Summer Weeks ora Month at Wakefield for want of Carriers ? there is themost Occasion for it: he said. He was not certain, but he had known them

That a Cloth will damage in the Stock in Two or lay some Days, and they are not so subjedfc to Wet by Three Hours, or less; and he does nbt know any Method Land as by Water Carriage:

of sweetening it when it is soured: That Cloth is more That he apprehends there is fuflicientEncouragement

liable to heat and four 0.11 Heaps than when spread, and for Waggons by Back Carriage from Halifax to Wake-that the cooling fours it; but that he does not remem- field, but he does not know how many Waggonsthe Back berany being soured when spread abroad. Carriage would employ: That he never knew of any

Being further examined, he said. He was a Corn Mil- Cloth that was tumbled by Land Carriage; and that the ler, and never saw any Locks but on the lliver Air. principal Part of the Manufactures are carried from Mr. Joseph Willis, being examined, said, He was ac- Halifax to Leeds. quainted with the Land Carriage between London and Being further examined, he said, That the Manufac-Halifax, which is performed by Broad Wheeled Wag- tures brought from Rochdale to Wakefield and Leeds are gons drawn by Eight Horses, which carry 30 Packs, generally brought in Packs, many of them are baled weighing 240 Pounds each: That the Price of Carriage at Leeds, and some at Wakefield: That they are more from London to lfra/r^ek/has been lowered, for that within liable to be tumbled by Two Packages than One, but these Three Years he paid 14$. a Pack; and that now that won’t hurt Rochdale Goods:, he pays but 7 s. 6 d. and has had above 100 Packs at that That

3i Geo. II. 140

*4*

That he, the Witness, receives coarse Wool by Water, but Land Carriage is full as cheap, if he insures.

Being asked, Why he fends Goods by Water, \Vheil Land Carriage is as cheap, and more convenient ? he said. He did it to prevent hig Warehouses being filled?

Being asked, Whether Two Ways of Conveyance would not be an Advantage to Trade ? he said. If one will supply the Trade, there is no Occasion for Two; and that he never knew Persons raise the Price of Land Carriage, when there have been great Quantities of Goods to carry;

That the Price of Carriage from London to Wakefield is reduced from 14s. to *js. 6d. a Pack; and from Wakefield to London they formerly paid is. and now pay 10 d. a Stone; and that the Price of Carriage from London to Wakefield fell about Six Months ago:

That a Waggon from Wakefield to Halifax can go with 25 Packs in a Day; and that he, the Witness, pays 20s. a Day for Two Carts, Eight Horses, arid Two Men; but they are not empk^ed in Carriage from Wakefield to Halifax:

That he would prefer Land to Water Carriage at the same Price, as it is more secure, and the Carriages will carry Goods baled; but that he can’t tell whether Goods can be carried from Rochdale to Wakefield baled.

Being asked. What the Proportion of Back Carriage from Halifax to Wakefield bore to the Carriage from Wakefield to Halifax ? he said. He could not exactly say, but thought it was not so much as One to Fifteen.

Being then asked. How he could know that it would be suficient to encourage the setting up of Stage Waggons? lie said, If they w ere loaded one Way, it would do:

That if Goods are packed at Rochdale, and again at Wakefield, the Expence of Package will make them a Trifle dearer at Market, and lie believes the People at Rochdale would chuse to bale their Goods at home if they could:

That he does not know what the Price of Water Carriage will be by the new Navigation; nor whether it will be cheaper than Land Carriage, having made no Calculation; nor does he know whether the Carriage will be cheaper, or not, when the new Navigation is made, blit that it is possible for Carriages to go from Halifax to Wakefield, and return the same Day, though lie had never known it done, but he has known them go as far in other Places:

That Goods come up the River Calder to Wakefield from many Parts, and are carried to Halifax by Land; but that he can’t tell whether carrying by Water would be cheaper, as he does notknow the PriceofWater Carriage.

Being asked. Whether, if the Navigation were extended to Halifax, Corn would not go up thither without being put in Sacks ? he said, That Expence would be the fame, as the Town of Halifax is a Mile from any Part of the intended Navigation, and the Corn mull be put in Sacks, to be carried from the Water Side; but that he did not know whether the Expence of Ware-house Room at Wakefield might not be saved:

That Wool is frequently brought from Knottingley to Wakefield^ which is Part of the old Navigation) by Land, and the Expence of Carriage from thence by Land or Water is exactly the same; but he does not know that any Corn has been sent from thence to Wakefield by Laud, nor does he know the Rate of Tonage on the old Navigation.

Then the Agents for the first-mentioned Petition, by way of Reply, examined,

Mr. Smealon, the Engineer: Who said, He proposed to have. Four Foot Water in the intended Navigation, in the shallowefl Parts, when the Dams are full, which is certainly suficient to carry Boats without flashing, fiuce there is'not Three Foot Water in many Places of t)ie old Navigation; and, if the Locks are made as they ought to be, there will be no need of flashing:

That the Quantity of Water to be taken from the Head, to let a Boat through a Lock, will be as much as VOL. 28.

will fill the Lock from the Level of the Water below to Calder that above; and that the Rife of the Locks on the in- Navigation* tended Navigation, on a Medium, is about Eight Foot:

That he hasobserved the Failing Mills, and apprehends that a Head of Water of Four Foot, with a Sluice Eight Inches high, and 29 Inches wide (which is about the Medium as to the Height of Water, and Dimentsions of the Sluice), will work the Mill with a proper Degree of Ve* locity; and that a Lock full of Water, Eight Foot high, will turn a Fulling Mill Wheel about Five Minutes:

That the Height of the intended Lock at Wakefield is proposed to be 10 Foot 5 Inches, and the Water contained in that Lock will work a Mill Wheel about Six Minutes and an Half:

That the Length of the Mill Pool at Wakefield is upwards of 17 Furlongs, and the Breadth unequal, in some Places 200 Foot, some 150, and in some scarce 100 Foot broad; and that the drawing off Water suficient to fill such a Lock, as is proposed to be built at Wakefield, will fink the Water in the Mill Pool, if no Supply comes in, the Eleventh Part of an Inch; and that he apprehends the Loss of a much greater Quantity of Water than that could not be perceived by the Working of the Mill:

That he was concerned in some Works at Wakefield Mills in the Year 1754: That the Soc Mill had then,

Four Wheels, and one new Wheel was then made for Flour on the North Side, and Two Fulling Wheels and one Prizing Wheel on the South Side: That he made an Experiment of the Quantity of Water suficient for the Soc Mill Wheels, and found it to be considerably more than what he mentioned above to be the Medium of the Quantity of Water used to turn the Mills upoix the Calder; for that the Head of Water was Four Foot Six Inches, the Clough 30 Inches wide, and drawn up 14 Inches and an Half, which ground Three Bushels of Corn (wanting One Sixteenth of a Bushei) in 40 Minutes; and that a Lock full of Water would turn that Wheel at that Rate about Four Minutes:

That, at the time he surveyed the River, there appeared to him to be Water suficient constantly to turn Two Wheels: and that, in going up the River Three times, he generally found Three, and sometimes Four,

Wheels going at the same time at the Mills in general; but that he apprehends they did not go in the Nights:

That tliedrawing off a Lock full of Water will have no immediate Effect on a Mill; but the Consequence will be (if the Mill Pool receives no Supply), the Mill will flop so much the sooner as that Lock full of Water4 would have kept the Wheels longer going, which, at a Medium, will be about Five Minutes if One Wheel were employed, and Two Minutes and a Half if Two Wheels were employed:

That some Mills will go when the Head of Water is funk a Foot, and some when it is funk Two Foot, according to their different Constructions j but it is the Interest of every Miller to keep the Head of Water as high as possible, because, when the Head of Water is low, a greater Quantity is necessarily expended, for what is loft in Velocity must be made up by Quantity:

That if a Lock full of Water is taken away from si Mill that is set down to collect a Head of Water, the Consequence will be, that such Mill must, at a Medium, stand Hill Five Minutes longer if the Pool is fed by One Mill Stream, and Two Minutes and an Half if the Pool is fed by Two:

That, supposing Ten Boats to pass in a Day, there will be a Loss of about a 57th Part of the whole Produce of that Day’s Water; for, if the River is capable of keeping Two Wheels going, the Loss of Water by One Boat is equal in Time to Two Minutes and an Half, and consequently 10 Locks full to 25 Minutes, which is a 57th Part of 24 Hours:

That if the Water flu>uld continue so low, as when he surveyed it, for 57 Days in a Year, the Loss of Work to the Mills, by the Palling of 10 Boats a Day, would be One Day’s Work in the Year; but it is not likely that O o so

Crider

Navigation,

242 14* Martii. A. 1758.

do many should pals, nor is fc likely that the Water shou Id ' lie so low for so long a Time; for that lie had often Feen the River Colder, and but feldomfeen it so low:

That he-had observed the present Locks on the Rivers Air and Colder* where in general there is very great Leakage, which arises from their not being properly made; for, if they were built on a proper Water Foundation, and the Gates properly made, though there would be some Leakage, it would be but very small in comparison to what he has observed on those Rivers; and that Leakage is in a great measure prevented at the King’s Docks, where there is a great Head of Water, and any considerable Leakage would Hop the Works: That the Witness has seen Several Locks in Flanders and Holland, where he could not observe any Leakage, and particularly One near Ypres, which pens tip a Head of Water of above 20 Foot, and that he could not fee any Leakage through the Gates; and that he fees too Reason why the Locks and Gates may not be made as good upon the Colder, and that they will be less expensive, as Stone, which isthemoftconsiderableMatcrial, is at Hand; and that the Leakage through a well-made Lock will not be more than a Lock full in 24. Hours: That he apprehends the Mills on the Colder, in general, are capable of Improvement; and that, by a proper Application of the Water to the Wheel, they might do the same Business with Two Thirds of the Water; for that he had been concerned in many Mills, and always found them capable of greater Improvement than he had mentioned; for that he built a Wheel for Sir Lionel Pilkington, in the Year 1754, and, upon an Experiment, the new Wheel ground Nine Bulliels while the old one ground Three, with the same Water from the same Pool; but that the new Wheel had a Descent of Eight Foot, and the old one of Five, but the Produce was as Fifteen to Five:

That Mills may be laid fall by Back-water; and that when a Frefli of Water comes down the River, it raises the Water both above and below the Mills, but more below than above: That this Addition of Water at the Tail of the Mill endeavours to press in where the Wheel works, and, in order to keep it out, a greater Quantity of Water is necessary to be drawn from the Head; and, so long as the Water can be kept from getting in at the Tail of the Mill, by drawing an additional Quantity from the Head, so long the Mill will work; but when the Pressure of Water at the Mill Tail prevails, the Mill flops; and that feme Mills will go with Three or Four Foot Back-water, scarcely any are affected by One Foot, and mofl of them will go with Two:

That where the Descent of a River is quick, it is not lbapt to subject Mills to Back-water as in flat Countries:

That, in his Plan for the intended Navigation, he had taken care not to raise any Dam so high as to make any stagnate Water, in the Race of the Mill Wheel, above each respective Dam, while the Mill is at Rest, except where the Water is pooled up into the Race of the Wheel above by a natural intermediate Shoal; and, in that Cafe, he has taken care not to raise the Dam below higher than such Shoal; and that by this Method, in the ordinary State of the River, the Mills will not be subjected to any new Inconvenience; and that the Dams he intends to make cannot affect the Mills by shoriening their Pools, since they are all placed upon Shoals, which naturally cut off the Communication between the Pool above and the Pool below:

That 12 Sets of Mills more may be built upon the 'River, if the intended Navigation shou Id be perfected, viz. One Sett at every Dam; and that no particular Difficulty will attend the Execution of the new Navigation: That the Number of Works will create a greater Expence, but no Difficulty.

Being cross-examined, he said, That he proposed to make the Locks better than most of the Locks he had seen on any River in England; and that he never saw worse Locks than those upon the Air and Colder: That *7

he had seen much better Locks at Exeter, but he thinks he can make better Locks than any he has seen in England.

Being asked, What lie took to be the belt Method of preventing Leakage where the Gates meet ? he said, To make the Gates flmt true to one another, and upon the Sill: That Cork or Flannel is fomerimes put where the dates meet, to prevent Leakage, but lie apprehends it may be sufficiently prevented without those Methods, but not quite so effectually; and that lie apprehends a well laid Foundation of a Lock will last a great Number of Years, and the Gates may last Seven Years without Repair; and that any considerable Loss of Water mu ft arise from Want of Repairs.

Being asked, Whether the Mills would not suffer in proportion to the Rapidity of the Stream ? he said. They would not; and Boats going through when the Mill Pools are near drawn off, will do the least Damage, as the Mills then employ the most Water, and a less Quantity in the Lock will bring the Water above and below to a Level:

That he apprehends Flashing is not made use of where there is no Necessity for it, as a Stream is no deflrable Thing; but a regular Stream is better than a Stream with Interruptions:

That several Brooks fall into the River Colder, between Halifax, and Wakefield', bnt the principal Stream is Huddersfield River, which works a Forge; and that there are Eight Mills between Huddersfield River and Wakefield, and Four between the said River and Hal fax Brook:

Being asked, Whether he was acquainted with the Nature of the Ground at all the intended Locks, so far as to say that it is proper for a Foundation ? he said, He apprehended Methods may be made use of to prevent Leakage, in a great measur, in any Ground: That Stone is a good Foundation, and he would deftre no better: That he had observed Dams undermined, but not where proper Care was taken; and that there are regular Methods of preventing it.

Being asked the Question, he said. He was acquainted with the Methods of setting Stones in Water, ami he itillanced what he had done at the Eddiftone Light-house, where, he said, the Foundation was very difficult; but that he had made one which he hopes will last as long as the Rock.

Mr. George Collett, Mailer House-carpcntor to his Majestyat Deptford, informed your Committee, That lie was acquainted with the Nature of Locks; and that about Two Years ago he made the Dock Gates at Dept-fiord, eaclvGate 31 Foot Three Inches w ide, and consequently the Channel 62 Foot 6 Inches, and the Head of Water from 14 to 17 Foot 6 Inches: That the Leakage is very trifling, if the Gates and Foundation are well made: That the Leakage through the Gates lie mentioned at Deptford, is not Two Butts of Water in 24 Hours; and, if the Gates were smaller, the Leakage would be leis: That the Leakage of a Lock 13 Foot wide, with a Head of Water from One Foot 'Fen to Twelve Foot Three Inches, would not be One Butt of Water in 24 Hours, if the Lock was well made; and that he has seen Locks at other of his Majesty's Yards; and that as good Locks as them may be made in Yorkshire.

Being cross-examined, lie said, He was not much acquainted with navigable Rivers, but that Locks may be made upon them as good its those at his Majesty’s Yards; and that, when he ipenks of Two Butts Leakage in 24 Hours, he speaks of the present Time, and for Seven Years to come; but When the Gates grow old, they admit something more: That they make new Gates once in 30 Years, and all that time can work down to the Keel of a Ship; and the Gates would last 50 Years with proper Repairs, so as to be Ranch; Land Locks may be made easier on smaller River-, where there are no Tides: That the Apron, or Sill, of the Gate, is secured with Dove-tailed Piles; that at Deptford having Four Tires of such Piles, and will lait 1 50 Years,

Jonas

3i Geo. II. 14® Mar.Hi. 143

Jonas Crowder, being examined, said, That lie had on that River, and the Branches running into it, without Calcter

been a Cloth Miller at Sower by Bridge 20 Years; and the Limits of the intended Navigation: That he appre- Navigation*

had milled broad and narrow coarse and fine Cloths: bends the Fulling Mills could do as much more Work*

That Two Pieces of mixed and white Broad Cloths because he knows a great Number of them that are not may be milled, at an Average, in Eight or Ten Hours, Half employed; and that as many more Mills might be and that they always mill Two Pieces together: That a built in that Part of the Country, out of the Limits of Mill may ftapd dill for the Space of an Hour at the the intended Navigation:

mod critical Time of the Milling, without damaging That he believes the Mills upon that Part of the River,

the Cloth; but that Cloth may be damaged, without the which is within the Limits of the intended Navigation,

Mill Handing, by the Neglect of the Miller or of the Would receive considerable Advantage by the said Navi-

Maker, after ft goesfrom the Mill: That the Miller gation being completed, as.tfcey would receive Fullers

may spoil it byfoaping it, and, by flaying too long in Earth 20 perCent. cheaper, and be furniHied with Corn, the flock, it will cast: That the Cloth Mills on the Timber, Stone, and Lime, at much easier Rates; and Calder could, in general, do more Work if they had it, these Benefits will be more than equal to the Loss fuf*

and that he heard no Complaints of the Trade fuf- tained by the Water which will be taken away,

fering in the lad dry Summer for want of milling the Being asked. Whether the Cloth was not commonly Cloth; and that the Mills lie speaks of are Hollings's taken out of the Stock during the milling, and differed Mill, Mere Clough Bottom, and Copley's Mill. to lie till it was soured ? he said. It was necessary, in the (

Being asked. If "Cloth, when soured, by laying too Fird Stage of milling, to ferment the Soap and Grease Jong out of the Stock, can be cured ? he said. It might; together to cleanse the Cloth, but not so necessary after* and that it would afterwards take the Mill very well. wards; that when it is soured, it maybe eadly sweetened,

Being asked, If the Mill Hands dill, and the Cloth be and brought to take the Mill again: That the Souring taken out, how long it will lie without damaging? he may either beprevented by hangingup or drying, or may said, Three or Four Hours with proper Care, or longer: be removed by hot Water and Soap, if t tken in time;

That it may lie 24 Hours with very good Care, without That Cloth mud be taken out of the Mill many times damaging. during the Fulling, or it will be absolutely spoiled; but

Being cross-examined, lie was asked, Whether, ifCloth when fulled, and taken home and dried, it will full again, was takeu out of the Stock, and proper Care taken of it, and he has had many Hundred Pieces done so: it will uot spoil ? he said. It mud be moved, to keep it That Cloth will spoil, both in Colour and Form, by from heating: That if it lies 48 Hours, it will go four, laying too long in the Stock; and that he fulls some but it may be brought to rights again: That if the Cloths Cloths at other Mills besides his own, and he never lie a Day or Two, they dry them; but he would not had any Cloths returned for want of Water: venture to let them lieTMro Days, if he could help it: That there are Four Fulling Mills below Leeds, on that

That sometimes taking away the Water'is no Damage, Part of the River Air which is made navigable; and that because the Mill mud Hand sometimes. he knows One of them, which is Knozvlhorp Mill, that

Being asked, Whether he would give so much for a does more Business than any Mill on that Part of the Mill that would be obliged to Hop for Water, as one River Calder where there is no Navigation; for that that would not ? he said. He would; for that they fel- at i02etc//wr/fMill(as appears by the Treasurer’s Books) dam have Occasion to day a Day together: in the Years 1746, 1747, and 1748, they milled above

That the most critical Time in Fulling of Cloth is be- 3,000 Cloths in each Year, which was more than any fore it is cleaned: That they four it in an Hour or Two Mill did upon the Calder:

Hours Time; and that feme Colours are more apt to That there are 57 FullingMillWheels upon the.Rivers

spoil than others, particularly bright Drabs; but he Air and Wharf, and, from his Experience in Fulling speaks of all Cloths iu general; and that Cloth maybe Mills, they are capable of milling 70,000 Cloths in a 7*

damaged by Handing too long in the Stock: Year; and that he imagines the Fulling Mills on the

That he heard the Millers he mentioned say, they Rivers Air, Calder, and Wharf, and their several coitld have done more Work if they had it, but he does Branches, would mill about 110,000 Cloths, besides not know from whence the Want of Work arose: serving every other Branch of the Manufacture:

That, by souring, he means that the Cloths fmellbad: That the Price of Carriage from London to Halifax is

That they will heat, ferment, and rot; but if the Cloth nd. & Slone, but sometimes they have Wool carried is spoiled in milling, the Miller pays the Damage: cheaper, as in the present Time of War; for Ten times

That the Method of bringing Cloth to Rights, when more Goods are carried to London by Land in Time of heated, is ’by taking fresh Cloths to them: That they War than in Peace, and they bring Wool for BackCar-feour them with Water, and the Grease is always taken riage:

out beforetlie Cloths are-fulled; and that he speaks from That the Turnpike Road from Halifax to Leeds has his own Knowledge in regard to the Mills and Trade: been completed Three or Four Years, and several Stage

Being asked, Whether the.Stoppages on the River Cal- Waggons are set up on that Road, but the Price of Land der, by the Continuation of the Navigation, would.not Carriage is rather advanced since those Waggons were be a Prejudice to the Mills? he said, A few Hours Hop- set up.

ping would not hurt them: That they are sometimes Bei ng asked, Whether, if Waggons were set up between

Hopped now, and he could not tell if they should be any Wakefield and Halifax, the Price uf Carriage would not more stopped by the intended Navigation; and that be reduced? he said, He did not believe it would; but they take out their Cloths when they have Plenty of he did not apprehend it would be attempted to set up Water, because going too long will mill-Hroke them. Stage Waggons on that Road, on account of the high Being aiked, Whether Souring is necessary for Cloth ? Hills; and, if it was, it would not answer for want of he said, Some Degree of Souring is an Advantage to it: Back Carriage: That he had onceaWaggon came down

That he has had Cloths spoiled, but it has arisen from Halifax Bank with 16 Packs of Wool; but the Horse their own Neglect, which is generally the same when in the Shafts was killed, and he has seen Numbers of Cloths are spoiled. Carriages overturned there:

Mr. David Stans field again examined, was aiked. That Eight Horses would not be able to draw more

How long Cloth may lay in the Stock without spoiling? than 10 or 12 Packs up Halifax Bank; and that the he said, Half an Hour, or an Hour; and that it cannot London Carriers take Part of their Loading to the Top polfibly spoil in Half an Hour, however nice the Colour of the Bank in Carts.

may be; and that a Piece of Cloth tikes 10 or 12 Hours Being cross-examined, he said, He had subscribed to-fulling,-on an Average: wards carrying on this Application to Parliament; but

That lie has a Fulling Mill of his own on the River he should have paid as much towards it if he had not Calder, and that there are 125 Fulling and other Mills subscribed;

Vol. 28. That

144

Calder That io ot ii Mills more may be built on the in-.Navigation. t^jed Navigation; and that the Manufacturers in general, both of broad and narrow Cloths* as far as he knows, approve of this Application to Parliament:

That same of the Mills he mentioned are far from this Navigation, and more Cloth is milled on the River Air than on the River Calder; and that thegreateft Quantity of Cloths he ever knew made in One Year, was 62,000 some odd Hundreds broad, and 70,000 narrow Cloths.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the present Navigation of the River Calder up to Brookfmouth, in the Parish of Halifax; and for mak-ingnavigable the River Hebble, Ilalig, or Halifax Brook, from thence up to Salter Hebble Bridge, near the Town of Halifax; and also for further extending the Navigation of the said River Calder, from Brookfmouth aforesaid, to Sozverby Bridge, in the said Parish: And that the Lord Dozvne, Sir John Armitage, Mr. Hezvett, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, the Lord Strange, and Mr. Bold, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

14° Martii.

A. 1758.

Woollett’i

Marriage

Settlement.

African Foits and Settlements.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company’s full Establishment lor their several Forts and Cattles in Africa, with an Account of the Number, Names, and Qualities, of the Persons who were actually upon the said Establi lh-merit the last Year, ending the 31st Day of December 1729, and the Charges of the fame, distinguishing how much thereof is on Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Fort3 and Castles; which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of March 1729: And also,

The Copy of a Memorial of the Royal African Company, to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, with an Estimate of the Charges of a military Force for supporting their Forts and Settlements in Africa, which was presented to the House upon the 6th Day of February 1749; be referred to the Consideration of the Comrhittee, who are appointed to Con-lider of the several Papers, Reports, Surveys, and Drawings, relating to the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, which have been referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the said Establishment and Memorial; and statethe Matters therein contained, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

Settlement of The House was moved, That the First Section of an Apprentice* ^\ft, passed in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Indenture. Reign> intituled, An Act for the better Adjusting, and moreeafy Recovery, of the Wages of certain Servants, and for the better Regulation of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for amending an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation, and supplying the Defects, of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor, so far as the same relates toApprentices gaining a Settlement by Indenture, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An Act fertile better Adjusting, and moreeafy Recovery, of the Wages of certain Servants, and for the better Regulation of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices, with respect to the Time for which such Servants are to be hired.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Mary Woollett, Spinlter, notwithstanding her Infancy, up (hi her Marriage with Robert Mead Wilmot Esquire, to settle and convey her Estate and Interest in certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, and in Two several Sums of Two thousand Pounds and Three hundred Pounds, to the Uses in certain Articles of Agreement mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Mefifage from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Half or d:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire that this House will give Leave, Tords desire that Isaac Tuwnjhcnd Esquire, Thomas Griffin Esquire, thcixu Thomas Frankland Esquire, and the Right honourable Hany Paxdeit 1 Tquire, commonly called Lord Harry P azolett. Members of this House, may attend the House of Lords onThiirfday next, in order to be examined upon . the Second Reading of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishingarcgularMethodforthepunc-tital, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages,‘and for enabling them more ealily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wivesand Families; and for preventing Frauds and Abufesattending such Payments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to the said Message, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

Importation of Hide*

Mr. Jarrit Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to discontinue, for aTime to be limited, the Duties payable upon raw Hides and raw Calve h°in Ireland, Skins imported from Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Troops of the Landgrave of HeJJe Cqffcl, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty, for Sixty Days, from the 23d Day of February 1758 to the 23d Day of April following, both Days inclusive.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1758.

And the Titles of the said Ellimates were read.

The said Estimates are as folio we th; viz.

Estimate; HeflTe Caflel Troops.

Chelsea

Pensioners.

Ofai

JJSfE*

fecaPai

’ifrfecic

v

ESTIMATE

3i Geo. II. 14 0 Mar145

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty, for Sixty Days, from the 23d Day of February 1758 to the 23d Day of April following, both Da}rs inclusive* viz.

60 Days German Pay for 2,120 Cavalry, with General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the

Hospital.....----- 10,477 — 2

60 Days G&??nan Pay for 9,900 Infantry, with the Officers, and others, belonging to the

Train of Artillery.....18,984 3 2

60 Days ordinary Subsidy, at the Rate of 225,000 Crowns a Year - - - - , 8,899 *6

Total - - 38,360 19 iof

War Office, 13th March 1758.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1758.

Per Diem. For 365 Days.

6,091 Out Pensioners (landing at present upon the Books of the Hof- & d. £. s. d.

pital, at 5 d. per Diem each ----- 126 17 ii 46,316 19 7

100 Letter Men, at 12 d. per Diem each - 5 — — 1,825 — —

31 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem each ----- J 3 3 424 6 3

From which deduct. 133 1 48,566 5 10

The Sum of Twenty-two thousand Five hundred Sixty-six Pounds'] 1

Five Shillings and Ten Pence, which, by Estimation, may be I i 22,566 5 10

applicable towards defraying this Expence out of the Pound- ..

age of the Forces for the Year 1758 1

Remains to be granted, upon Account, for the Out Pensioners of 1 Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1758 - - - - -j 1 - - 26,000

War-Office, 13 March 1758.

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Ta- Mr. Smith, Sir Cordel Firebracc, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Cole-ble, to be perused by the Members of the House. hrooke, Mr. Gq/hrxj, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Fellower,

Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gibbons, Office* An Bill to indemnify Persons who have Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Edmund Isham,

omitted to qualify themselves for. Offices and Employ- Mr. Delaval, Sir \\ illoughby Aston, Lord Downe; and Employment*, ments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And others, who have omitted to regilier their Qualifications, they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Time for those Purposes; was read the Third time.

Btfolved, That the Bill do. pass: And that the Title A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution be, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and and widening the Road from the Top of Harnham to indemnify Justices of the Peace* and others, who Hilly through the Towns of Blandfor d Forum and Dor-have omitted ter register their Qualifications, within the chester, to a certain Intrenchment on AJkerfwelL Hill, Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for in the County of Dorset* and of the Mortgagees under

those Purposes, and the Filing of Affidavits of Articles the said Act; and of several Gentlemen, and others, of

of Cierkship. the County of Dorset, whose Names are thereunto ffib-

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the feribed: And also.

Lords, and delire their Concurrence. A Petition of the Trirftees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing and Preston Pans A Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, widening the Road from the Top of Harnham Hill, Two-penies made in the 26th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, near the City of Neto‘ Sarum, in the County of IVilts,

Scots. intituled, An Act for laying ti Duty of Two Penies Scots, through the Towns of Blandford Forum and Dorchester,

or a Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots to a certain Intrenchment on AJkcrfaell Hill, in the

Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, County of Dorset; and of the Mortgagees under the fai$

brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Pa- Act; and of feveifcl Gentlemen, and others, of the County*

rish of Preston Pans, in the Shire of East Lothian, other- of Dorset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed

fere severally presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Petitioners are informed, thata Bill is ordered to he brought in for repairing the Roads from the West End of the Town of Chard, in the County of Somerset, through the Town of Honiton, to a Place called Fair Mile Inn, in the County of Devon, although there is already a good Turnpike Road from Chard to Honiton, through the Town of Azminster* and that, should the said Bill pass into a P p Law,

wife Haddingtoun, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and (or other Purposes therein mentioned* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Gor-dony Mr. Kjjnaftaiii Sir John Philipps, Mr. More, Sir CharlesMordaunt, Mr Cartwright, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sandy s, Sir IViIliam Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. ThiJUelhivayte, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fane, Sir John Cttft, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Stanley, Vet,. 28. ‘; -

Chard

Roads.

Ditto,

i4 6 i4° Mar . 1758.

Law, the said Road muii pass over many deep Hills, which cannot, without a very great Expence, be made tolerably easy for Carriages, and is, for above Twelve Miles in Length, destitute of any one House fit for the Accommodation of Travellers; and that it would also very much lelfen the Value of the Securities on the Bridport, Dorchester, and Bland ford. Turnpike, and greatly injure the Mortgagees in their Properties, and, by multiplying Turnpike Hoads leading to and from the same Places, lelfen the Tolls of all, and thereby render it impossible to keep any one of them in good Repair: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Chtrd A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living in Roadl* and near the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, wras also presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners have borrowed and expended large Sums of Money in repairing the Roads from Axminster aforesaid to the said Town of Honiton\ and, should the feud Bill pass into a I^aw, the Petitioners apprehend, as the said Roads lead to and from the same Places into the West of England, that, by the Division of the Tolls now collected on the said Axminster Turnpike Roads, neither the said Turnpike Road, nor the Road proposed to be amended by the said Bill, will be sufficiently repaired; and that the Securities for the several Sums of Money already borrowed will thereby be greatly prejudiced and Ieflened, and rendered insufficiefatto repay the fame: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read aSecond time.

Tetbury A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Tet-Koads. bury to the Gates on the West of Simons Hall Down, and from the Turnpike Gate at the Top of Frocefier Hill to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards Bath, and from the Field called Bouldoivn Sleight to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horfiey to Tet-bury, near Tittup's Inn, and from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchin Hampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchin Hampton Field unto the Tnrnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt AJk, and from the said Turnpike Ptoad to Tayloes Mill Pond in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloitcefier, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be comm itted to Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cartzvright, Mr. Lyster, Sir Charles Mordauni, Mr. Bowes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lane, Mr. Northey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fdlozves, Mr. Martin, Mr. Moore, Sir William Codrington, Mr Foley, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Cornewall, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Rozvney, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Chester, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Walter, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Pye, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Daivnay, Mr. Crajler, Lord Downe, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lade, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Grey, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. More, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Symmons, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Amcotts, Lord Harry Paulett, Mr. Alderman Bakei*, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Thursby, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Rice, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Trifi; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Soinerfct,<xn(\ Wilts; and for South Wales; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bakewell A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an to Act, passed in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his present

RoadP Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from 01 Bakewell to Chejierfeld, in the County of Derby; and from Chester field to Workjbp, in the County of Nottingham; and from Chesterfield to the Place where the Northern Road meets the Chesterfield Road, which leads 17

to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Downe, Mr. Hardinge, Mr Shelley, Mr. Boone, Mr. Bacon, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Bnniendl, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Townshend, Sii John Turner, Mr. Pelham, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Ryder, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cooke, Mr. More, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Thynne, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Thor0ton, Mr. WilkiiJon, Lord Villiers, Mr. Gore, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Dighy, Mr. Hanger, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Moore, Mr. Lexvis, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Henry Sling(by, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Dawnay, Mr. Buller, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Trift, Mr. Infer, Mr. Thursby, Sir Thomas Clover* ing, Mr. Pitt, Sir George Montgomerie Meiham, Mr. Smith, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Finch, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Lodcyer, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Symmonds, Mr. Charles Townshend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, York, Nottingham, Lincoln, Chester, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, over the High Moors, to Hether/age, and over Mytham Bridge, to Sparrow Pitt Gate, in the County of Derby; and from the Guide Pofi at or near Barber Helds Cupola, over the High Moors anti Grindleforth Bridge, and over Tidfivell Moor, to Buxton, in the County of Derby, w as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Shelley, Lord Downe, Sir John Turner, Mr. 2toc07J, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Thomas Hales* Mr. Thynne, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. More, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ryder, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Wilk inf on, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bradenell, Mr. Curzon, Mr* Hobart, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Watjbn, Mr. Townshend, Lord Powerfcourt, Mr. Pinney, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Moore, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Symmons, Sir John Armitage, Mr. Trifi, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Lee, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Medlycott; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, York, Chester, Lancaster, and Stafford: And' they are, to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Application has been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Gosport, through Fareham, Wickham, Droxford, and Westmeon, to Chaw ton, near Alton, in the County of Southampton; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Gosport, through Fareham, Wickham, and Bishops Waltham, to the City of Winchester; and alleging, That the Road from Bi-fiiops Waltham aforesaid, over Biffwps Dozen and Cor-hampton Down, to Exton, in the said County, is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law; And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for effectually repairing and widening the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County oiSouthampton, was referred* be revived.

Ordered, That the said Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of Southampton, whose Name* are thereunto subscribed, be referred to the ConfHleration

Sheffield,

&c.

Roads.

Chawton Pond to Gosport Road*

Papers

respeciting

Naval

Coutrads.

Importation of Tillow fom Ireland.

51 Geo. II. 140 — 150 147

of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give r>irect ions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all the Contracts that have been made in Europe, or else-where, with any Perfm or Persons, to supply his Majesty with Materials or Stores for the Use of his Navy, from the ift of January 1753 to the ift of January 1758, or to thelateft Accounts received, respecting the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of such Contract or Contracts that have been made with any Person or Persons in Europe, or elsewhere, to furnish for his Majesty’s Service any Vessel or Vessels for Tran-sports, Tenders, or other Purposes, from the ill of January 1753 to the ift of January 1758, or to the latest Accounts received; and that there be annexed to such Copy or Copies of each Contract or Contracts, what Services such Vessel or Vessels, so contracted for, were employed^, the time they lay upon Demurrage, and when they were discharged from his Majesty’s Service.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That lie will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this, House, Copies of all Contracts that have been made in Europe, or else-Where, for Provisions. and dry or other Stores, for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, from the ift of January 1753 to the ift of January 1758.

Ordered, That the said Addreflesbe presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the damaged, dry, and other Stores and Provisions, that have been condemned in any of his Majesty’s Storehouses, or on board any of his Ships, Frigates, or Sloops of War and Tenders, either at home or abroad, from the ift of January 1753 to the ift of January 1758, or to the Time of the latest Accounts received respecting the fame,particularly pointing out the different Species of such Stores and Provisions, their original Cost, and what they fold for.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the condemned Materials and Stores that have been deemed unfit for Service on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels of War, or other Vessels employed therein; likewise an Account of all the condemned Stores and Materials that have been deemed unfit for Service in his Majesty’s Yards, Docks, or in any other Places in Europe, or elsewhere, from the ift of January 1753 to the ift of January 1758, or to the latest: Accounts received respecting the same; with a particular Account in what manner the said condemned Stores and Materials have been disposed of, and of such Sum or Sums of Money that have been received for the said condemned Stores and Materials, from the ift of January 1753 to the ift of January 1758, and to what Uses the said Money has been appropriated.

The House proceeded to take into Considerationthe several Messages received by this House Yesterday, and this Day, from the Lords, relating to the Right honourable George Grenville Esquire, a Member of this House, and also to Doctor George Hay, Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, Gilbert Elliot Esquire, and Hans Stanley Esquire, Members of this House, and also to IJctaC Tawn/hevd Esquire, Thomas Griffin Esquire, Thomas Frankland Esquire, and the Right honourable Harry Pawlett Esquire, commonly called Lord Harry Paw* lett. Members of this House:

And the said several Messages were read.

Then the Journal of the House, of the 4th, 5th, 6th, and 2 ift, Days of March 1717, containing the Proceedings of the House upon the Message from the Lords, concerning the Commissioners of Inquiry, who were Members of this House, and also Sir David Dalrympte, a Member of the House, and the Report from the Committee appointed to search for Precedents in relation thereto, was read:

And the Journal of the House, of the 30th and 31st Days of May 1733, containing the Proceedings of this House, upon the Message from the Lords concerning Sir James Ixnvther, Sir John Eylcs, John Rudge Esquire, Gabriel Roberts Esquire, iVilliam Bowles Esquire, Peter Burrell Esquire, George Heathcote Esquire, Edward Rudge Esquire, John Merril Esquire, and Thomas Pearfe Esquire, Members of this Hoitfe, was also read:

And a Debatearilingin the Houseupon the said Mef-sages received from the Lords Yesterday and this Day;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till To row Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to obviate any Doubts that may arise concerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England; and for f urtherregulating the Proceedings at the Elections of such Knights of the Shire; be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for giving a more speedy Remedy to the Subject upon the Writ of Habeas Corpus, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Moors and Commons within the Chapelry of Hamjlerly, in the Manor of Woljingham, in the County of Durham, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Turner have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Order, made upon Friday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, called Northleigh Common Fields*, and a Common or Waste, called Northleigh Heath, within the Parish or Township of Northleigh, in the County of Oxford, Tomorrow Morning, was read.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the ftiid Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Jatrit Smith, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the \vhole House, to whom the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feyerally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol, 28.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.


Mercuriiy 15° die Martii;

Anno 31° Georgii II41 Regis, I75^> Prayers.

Mtt. Cartwright presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making more effectual Four several Acts of Parliament, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the nth Yeas

bf

Conlirferatiofi of Lords desire for Members to attend them.

Ele&of* v of Knights of the Shire*

Writ vf Habeas Corpus.

Hamlterly

Ac.

Inciosure.

Northleigh

Iaclosure.

Oid

Stratford

to

2)urfrhurch

Koa4.

148

15° Martil

A. 1758.

Bodtlington

Inclosure.

Westbury

&c.

Road.

Gloucester,

be.

Roads

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 10th and 13th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, rc.fneftively, for repairing the Highways from Old Strafford, in the County of Northampton, to D unchurch, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First; time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cartwright presented to the Mouse, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclohng the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, Heaths, and waste Ground, of Upper Haddington and Lower Haddington, within the Parish of Upper Boddington, in the County of Northampton; and for settling a Rate, or certain annual Sum of Money, to be paid in lieu of the Tythes of certain old Inclosures . within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First time.

BeJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all the Members who serve for the County of Southampton be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants of the Towns of Westb'iry, and Market Lavington, in the County of Wilts, and Places adjacent; and also of the Aldermen and common Burgesses of the Borough of Westbury aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; is referred.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Gentlemen, Freeholders, and In- habitants, of the Co.uuty and City of Gloucester, and City of Bristol; and also the Petition of the Trustees appointed by the several Acts of Parliament for amending the Roads leading from the City of Bristol, whose Names thereunto subscribed; were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Several Acte of the 12th Year of his late Majesty, And the First and the Nineteenth Years of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the City of Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads therein mentioned; and also the Acts of the 13th of his late Majesty, and the 4th and 22d of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the City of Bristol, were read; whereby it appeared^ that the Road leading from Glou-cefterto Bristol, being Thirty-seven Miles, and upwards, and also federal other Roads therein mentioned, are included in, and directed to be repaired by, the said Acts respectively, and only two small Tolls are made payable thereby: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Acts for repairing the Roads from Gloucester to Stone have,in many respects, been found insufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended; and that the Tolls collected thereon are, by reason of the Length and Bad-ness of the Roads, insufficient to amend and keep the same in good Repair.

And, in Support of the Allegations of the second mentioned Petition,

John Brickdale Esquire, being examined, said. That the direct Road from Horfield to Stone leads over Mil-bury Heath, and through the Parish of Thornbury, which the Witness apprehends to be the best and more proper Road to be repaired by the said Acts, although it has been apprehended that the Road described in the said Acts leads through the Town of Thornbury:

Lane called Gloucester Lane, in the said Parish, and also from the Directing Post near the Eight Mile Stone on the Aujl Road, to a Place called the New Passage, in the said Parish of Hanbury, all within the County of Gloucester, are not mentioned in either of the said Acts, and are in very bad Repair, and in several Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be eft eft 11 ally repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law:

That the present Road to Aujl, in the said Acts mentioned, is up a very steep Hill going out of Bristol, which might be avoided by opening a new Road from Frog

Lane, in the said City, to White Lady s Gate, being about Half a Mile in Length; and that Jie apprehends the Powers given by the said Acts are in many respects defective to answer the good Purposes intended thereby.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by An Act passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from ^he City of Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for making the said Act more effectual; and the other, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol; and the other, passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act, and for making the said Acts more effectual; and also for repairing other Roads therein mentioned; and for making all the said Acts more effectual; and for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads: And that Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Chester, Mr. Nugent, and Mr. Barrow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. George Onslow reported from the Committee, to Leatherheij whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Road’ and other Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living in the County oiSurrey, on behalfof themselves, and many others, travelling the Roads therein after-mentioned; and also the Petition of the Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other principal Inhabitants, redding in and near the Town of Kingston upon Thames, and the Road leading from thence to Leathcrhead, in the County of Surrey; were severally referred. That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. John Gardener, Mr. John Piper, and Mr. Francis Newland, being severally examined, said, That the Road from the Swan Inn at Leathcrhead to the Maypole at the upper End of Spit a I or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoke, near Guldeford, and also the Road from GuUleford to the Directing Post, near the Town of Farn-ham, in the County of Surrey, are in many Places very narrow and inconvenient, and 1‘carcely pastable in the Winter Seasons; and that it will be impossible to repair them by the ordinary Methods appointed by Law.;

Mr. 77/owayPflrr, Master of the PortsrnouthM,ach\ne, confirmed the above Evidence; and added that Two of , his HorLs broke their Legs in those Roads this Winter.

Mr. John Lin field and Mr. John Piggot, being examined, said. That the Road from the Stones End at Kingston to the Town of Leather head is in a ruinous

That the Road from a Place called the Lime Kilns, in Condition, and that it is not possible to pass the same the Parish of Westbury, through the Tything of Stake in Winter with Carriages; and that the Laws in being Bishop, to a Place called Pill Passage, in the said Parish; are not sufficient to repair the fame: A fed,

and also from the Brook near the Goat at Westbury, Mr. Linfield said. That if the Roads first above-men-

tlm)ugh -the k\7iliage of Jlcnbury, to the further End of a tioned should be repaired, and the Road from Kingston

*7

to

D zed by L.

31 Geo. II. 13"

149

to Leathcrhcad remain in its present ruinous Condition, Travellers from London to Guildford will be diverted from going through Kingston, which is the direct Road to Por/fmouth, whereby the Town of Kingston will be greatly injured; and that the Distance from Kingston to Leaf her head is Eight Miles and an Half.

Being asked t he Questions, he said, That he did not know that any Person has offered to lend Money on the Tolls between Kingston and Leatherhead; but apprehends if a Clause was added for that Purpose, the Road would be repaired:

That the Distance from the Market-house at Kingston to the Market-house at Yeovell is Five Miles and some Rods; and that there is an Act in Force for repairing that Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Swan Inn at Leather head to the Maypole at the upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoake, neartheTown of Guide.ford, and from the said Town to the Directing Post near the Town of Farnham; and from the Stones End at Kingston upon Thames to the Town of Leatherhead, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Orby Hunter, the Lord Carpenter, Mr. Hardinge, and Mr. Lane, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ottrinfcham A Bill to confirm and establish Articles of Agreement Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing several open and common Fields in Ottringham, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dozojie, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Ktjnajloiu Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Rowney, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. More, Lord Strange, Mr. Moore, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Brudencll, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Rice, Lord North, Mr. Towns-heml. Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fan/haw, Sir Edmund JJh am, Mr. Trifl, $\r Charles Kemys Tyntc, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Walter, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Hexcel t, Mr. Delava I, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Thursliy, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Ru/hout, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Freeman, Sir Waller Blackett, Mr. Poiccll, Sir Francis Poole; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Wcflmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

5^ A Bill for establishing and confirming Articles of Inclosure. Agreement for dividing and inclosing Two ft in ted Pastures or Commons, called Settle Banks High Scarr and Scaleber, within the Township of Settle, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Downe, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Nugenl, S\r John Ru/hout, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Powell, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Berkeley!, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Pye, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Walter, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Grey, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Moore, Mr. Harris, Mr. Trifl, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Fanshaw, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Boone, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Symmoiis, Mr. Lane, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Molynenx; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Yoi'k, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Wcflmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Chard A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Roads. Borough of Bridport, in the' Count}" of Dorset, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House, Vol, 28,

for repairing the Road from Chard, in the County of Somerset, through the Town of Honiton, to Fair Mile Water; and that there is a good Turnpike Road from Chard aforesaid to Axminster, to the Town of Honiton; and that the Road from Honiton to Fair Mile Water is very good, and may be repaired by the Statute-work; and that the Petitioners have borrowed and expended JargeSums of Moneyin repairing the Roads to and from Bridport; and, should the said Bill pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend, as the said Roads lead to and from the same Places in the Well of England, that, by the Division of the Tolls now collected on the said Turn* pike Roads, neither of the said Roads will befufliciently repaired for the Accommodation of Travellers; and that the Securities for the several Sums of Money already borrowed will be greatly damaged and lessened* and rendered insufficient to repay the fame: And therefore prayifigjThatfhe said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Kingstone, Dozvlish, Ilminster, Whitelackington, Cudworth, Crickett, Chqffcombe, Knowle St. Giles's, Broadway, Donyat, and A/hill, and of the several Parishes of Buck-land Saint Mary, Curland, Whiteftaunton, Yarcombe, Olterford, Churchflaunton, and Monckton, on behalf of themselves, and others, Inhabitants of the several Parishes aforesaid, and of many other Persons, usually travelling from the several Parishes aforesaid, to Honiton', in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That it would be a great Convenience to the Petitioners, if the Road from Chard to Honiton, through the Parishes of Chard, Combe St. Nicholas, Whiteflaunton, Yarcombe, Upottery, Cotleigh, and-Monkton, was repaired: And therefore praying. That the Road from Chard to Honiton aforesaid may be repaired, by such Means as the House shall think fit.

sA Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution the Bridport Turnpike, and of the Mortgagees thereof, and also Trustees nominated in the Lyme Turnpike Act, which passed this House this Session, and is now before the House of Lords, on behalf of themselves, and other Truliees and Mortgagees, was presented to the House, and read; takingNotice, That a Petition was presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairingand widening the Roads from the West End of the Town of Chard, in the County of Somerset, through the several Parishes of Chard, Combe Saint Nicholas, and Whiteflaunton, in the same County, and through the several Parishes of Yar-combe, Membury, Upottery, Cotleigh, Monkton, Honiton, Gittisham, Buckerell, Viniton, Otleiy St. Mary, and Tallilon, to Straitway Head, in the same Pari 111; and alleging, that Part of the said Road, to wit, from Strait-way Head to the Eastern Side of a Lane near Fair Mile Water, leading to the Town of Saint Mary Ot-fery, is included in the Lyme Act; and that the other Part of the said Road included in the said Petition, to the Northward of Honiton, is unfrequented; and that Hi oil Id a Bill pass into a Law, it will not be Haifa Mile niglier than by the Road through Axminster, which is already made, at a great Expence, as good as any in England; and that it will alfe tend to lessen the Value of the Securities on the Bridport Turnpike, and greatly injure the Mortgagees in their Properties; and, by having lb many Turnpike Roads so near together, will be a M^ans of destroying the Whole, as Tolls sufficient will notarife to answer the Purposes of the several Arts: And therefore aying the House to take the Premises into Considera-m, and grant such Relief therein as shall seem meet. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repairing the Road from the West End of the Town of Chard, through the Town of Honiton, to a Place called Fair Mile End; and from Chard, through llmin-Jler, to Petherton Bridge, and from Ilminster to Puckington Lane, and from PeafemarJJi Lane to A /hill Gate; and from the said Town of Honiton to Q q the

Chard

Roads.

Ditto;

rjo 15° — i 66 ^.1758,

the Town of Cidlcmpton; and from Odcomey over Hamdon Hill, and Petherton and Ilford Bridges, to A/hill; and from Petherton Bridge to Wind xvhijUe Turnpike; and from Si. liane Hill to Horton Elm, in the Pnrish of Ilmhjler, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon; be read a Second time.

Importation A Petition of f he Merchants, Dealers in Leather, and ot Hides Tanners, of the City of London, and Places adjacent, was roru rear. . presentecj to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have obl'erved, that a Hill is ordered to be brought in, to take off the Duties now payable on the Importation of raw Hides and Skins into Great Britain from Ireland; and reprefen ting the good Consequences which the Petitioners apprehend would a rife, in case the Exportation of raw Hides and Skins, from Ireland to foreign Parts, was prohibited: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Exportation of raw Hides and Skins from Ireland to all Parts, except Great Britain, may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Importatioi A Petition of the Merchants, Dealers in Leather, f cThUrdan1 Tanners, of the City of London, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, arid read; alleging. That the Petitioners have observed, that a Bill is ordered in, to give Leave to import Live Cattle from Ireland to this Kingdom; and representing to the House many good Effects which the Petitioners allege will arise therefrom: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Onfererf, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said last mentioned Bill be read a Second time.

Quartering A Petition of the Innholders and Victuallers of the of Soldiers Town of Witham, in the County of Essex, whose Names IonkeeDcr are thereunto fabferibed, was prefen ted to the House, " and read; alleging. That the Petitioners have been equally, if not more, aggrieved and oppressed, with the Towns of Chelmsford and Colchester, by Soldiers marching, and quartering upon them: Therefore praying, That their Distrefies may be taken into Consideration, and that they may at least share in the same Relief with the other Towns above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Militia. A Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, Nemine conlradicenle, rIhat a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, rIhat this TLufe, not being sufficiently informed, by the said MeOkges, upon what Grounds, or for what Purposes, their Lord-shipsdid desire, that this House would gov Leave t«> such of their Members, as are named in the said Mel-sages, to go to the House of Lords, in order to be examined upon the Second Reading of the said Bill, doth desire their Lordships to inform them of the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Bozces do carry the said Message to the Lords.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill to obviate any Doubts that may arise con- Kleflorsof cerning the Electors of Knights of the Siiirc to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, 1 e lllrc* and for further regulating the Proceedings at the Elections of such Knights of the Shire; was read a Second time.

ResolvedyTh&t the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Jour- Ditto, nal of the House, of the nd Day of November 1680, of the Proceedings of the House, wdtli relation to the Bill for regulating Elections of Members to lerve in the Commons House of Parliament; and to the Bill to prevent the Offences of Bribery and Debauchery in the Election of Members to serve in the Commons House of Parliament; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 10th Day of May 1690, of the Proceedings of the House with relation to the Bill for the better securing the public Peace, and preventing the Designs of Papists, and other di fa fleeted Persons, to their Majesties Government, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inltruftion to the said Committee of the whole House, That they have Power to turn the said Bill into Two Bills, if they think fit.

Mr. Bozoes reported to the House, That he had, according to Order, been at the Lords, and had delivered a the Meffageof this House to the Lords; and that the

Lords will return an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 16° die Martii; Anno 31* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1758.

Desire of The House, according toOrder, resumed tlieadjourn-rhe Lords ed Debate upon the several Messages received from the ior certain Lords, upon Monday last and Yesterday, wherein the ^m,be? 10 Lords desire that this House will give Leave, that the Right honourable George Grenville Esquire, Doctor George Hay, Thomas Or by Hunter Esquire, Gilbert Elliot Esquire, and Hans Stanley Esquire, Ifuac Towns hend Esquire, Thomas Griffin Esquire, Thomas Frank-land Esquire, and the Right honourable Harry Pawlctt Esquire, commonly called Lord Harry Pawlelty Members of this House, may attend the House of Lords Tomorrow, in order to be examined upovi the Second Reading of the Bill, intituled, An Act for tha Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for estabii filing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain, Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for . preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments.

Prayers.

THE Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That Arfu’er their Addrefies of Tuesday last, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Co- ? pies of the several Contracts therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will gi\j£ Directions accordingly.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Halford-.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords did desire the Attendance of the Rirfit ho- Drfire of nourable George Grenville Esquire, Treasureroftbe Navy, the Lords Doctor George Hay, Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, Gil-. V c.erta, D bert Elliot Esquire, and Hans Stanley Esquire, Four of »neTd ihes the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, J/aac 7ozvnjhend Esquire,

Thomas

31 Geo. II. 16*

Thomas Griffla Ffqtiife, Thomas Fran'slaud Esquire, and the Right honourable Hurry Tatolctf Esquire, commonly called Lord Harm Pazcicit, Admirals of his Maj--fly’s Fleet, being nil Members of this House, in order to their being examined as Witnesses upon the Second Reading of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for ollabl idling a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain. Payment of their Wages, and fV r enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same lor the Support of their Wives and families; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, 'Flint this House will fend an An fiver to the said Message by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

The House being informed, That Mr. Burnaby, froth the Treasury, attended at the Door;

Martii. 15 i

He was called in; and, at the Bar, printed to the House, pursuant to their Addrefsto his Majesty,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Serviced!* the Year 1757 has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 16U1 Day of March 1758, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon: And also.

An Account of the Application and Disposal of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, issued pursuant to the Power given by an Act, passed in the laltSetfion of Parliament, for issuing and applying any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One Million, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expellees of the War incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-seven, and to take all such Measures as might be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies, and as( the Exigency of Affairs might require.

‘And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Account!* of Dtfyo fi non oi Grants.

Vol. *3

AN

Ah ACCOUNT shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1757, has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the Sixteenth Day of

March 1758; and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

SERVICES.

o

to'

f t

N

CD

CL

CT

O

o

7T

r For the Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 55,000 Men, including 11,419 Marines, from the lft of yunitary 1757 -

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea Officers ——

Towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich - - - - " - -

S For purchasing of Land near Plymouth, and carrying on the Works of an Hospital intended to be erefled thereon for the Reception

I offick Men belonging to his Majesty’s Fleet ....

j Towards Rebuildings and Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1757 ....

Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy

u ("For Ordnance, Sea.Service - ....

§ \ For D° Land Service, voted £.161,557 is. \od.; but there being a Saving of £.125 9s. 4<J. by the Vacancy of a Chief Engineer, -o J that Sum is deduded, and no more charged than

q I For defraying the Exceedings of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1756, not provided for by Parliament -

For defraying the Charge of 49,749 Men, for Guards and Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain,

Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1757 - - - " . ~ ~ " " . " ", ~ ,r " . " r ‘

For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and Providence, for the Year 1757 " " ' " " "

For the Pay of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals for his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1757 "

For defray in the Charge of 6,544 Foot, With the General and Staff Officers and Train of Artillery, of the Troops of the Lanugrave of Hettb Cartel, in the°Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1756, to the 24th of February 1757, both inclusive - -

For defraying the Charge of the said 6,544 Foot, with the General and Sta‘T Officers, and Artillery, from 25th February 1757, to 26th April following, both inclusive - "

For defraying the Charge of D°, from 27th April 1757, to the 27 May following, both inclusive - " - -

For defraying the Charge of 8,605 Foot, with the General and Staff Officers, the Train of Artillery, and Officers of the Hospital, of the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1756> to the 24th February 1757* both inclusive - - - - ~ "

For defraying the Charge of 5,726 Foot, with the General and Staff Officers, the Train of Artillery, and Officers of the Hospital, of the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th of February 1757, to the 26th of March following, both inclusive - For defraying the Expences of the March, in Germany, of the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, both at their coming here, and their returning back, voted £*31,959 15*. 6d.; but there being a Saving, on this Head, of £.19,416 i4s. 9that Sum

is deducted, and no more charged than....

For the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, upon Account - "

For defraying the Charge of Two Highland Battalions of Foot, to be be raised for his Majesty's Service for the Year 1757 For the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, upon Account ——

( For Pensions to the Widows of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines -

For Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Ilorfe Guards, for the Year 1757 -

For defraying the Charge of Four Regiment? of Foot on the Injh Establishment serving in North America and the Fafl Indies, and augmenting Major General O'Fairels Regiment of Foot ——

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the Year 175G, and not provided for by Parliament ——

For the Secretaries to the Governor of Minorca, Captain of the Forts there, Lieutenant Governor of Fort St, Philip, and Surgeon of the

Garrison of Fort St. Philip - ....

For German Pay for 6,600 Foot, with General and Staff Officers, and Train of Artillery, of the Troops of the Landgrave of Jlcje Cajelin the Pay o {'Great Britain, from the 28th of May to the 24th of December 1757 ——

l ov German Pay for 1,400 Horse, with the Officers of the Hospital, the Troops of D° in the Pay of D°, from 27th April to 24th December 1757 - - - - _ . _ _ , r _ _ _ _ '

For German Pay for 3,300 Foot, with the General and Stall' Officers, and Train of Artillery, of the Troops of 0°, in Pay of E°, from

23d April to 24th December 1757 ~ - - - - . -

For German Pay for 700 Horse, the Troops of D", jh the Pay of D°, from 23d Ai/gujl to the 24th December 1757 ..

ror Remount and Levy-money for 700 Ilorfe and 3,300 Foot, the Troops of the said Landgrave, in the Pay of D’, pursuant to Treaty

Id-make good his Majesty’s Engagements with the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, pursuant to Treaty....

ror an advane ed Subsidy to the said Landgrave, pursuant to Treaty, at the Rate of 150,000 Crowns per Annum, from 6th August 1756 to 27th April 1757, the Day the Cavalry entered into the Pay of Great Britain ....

tUc Cavalry^to^kVl^e0!" U1 ^emount"raonc^ *or M°° Horse, pursuant to Treaty, payable 27th April 1757, the supposed Day when

£. j. d. 2,717,000 — — 223,939 7 7

10.000 — ► —

10.000 -

200.000 -

200.000 -

143,000-----

161,431 12 6

276,065 6 11

1,213,746 3 9

423,963 16 10 47,060 15 10

23*335 17

22,959 10 2$ 11,667 18 11J

Sums voted.

33,025 1 6

9*494 3 9

12,543 ~ H

30.000 -

46,022 5 —

33.000 -

2,350-----

3*32i 16 3

48,926 2 6

111,570 19 7h 517 1 8

46*597 9 — 25,078-----

27*273 H —

6,119 9 6

37,296 17 6

60,766 1 —

26,007 5 6$

13,475 -

£. 5. d.

3*36o,939 7 7

580,496 19 5

Sums paid.

£. s. d.

Remains to be paid.

cn

3*360,939 7 7

551*566-----

2,316,118 ji — 1

28,93019 3

2,110,247 9 4$ 205,871 1 7

16° Martii. A. 1758.

25

2,o0£; ». X ^H?^»fth‘, NSi -'% ':

?^,0®o ‘ J,«D4j, >b,t>w,r'vat. N-u "-

>255* ~; »,4. "v,(,11

3.00O 00 K tipper f,‘heUi<- V kiV.- fdJSfc..-

" £*&^i 'k-

1R,0°0

;*S

*9,26! ,*

u'f- l,. We I>ui;,. able ,1 ,k.

3 si

r'en>lu^f^Bul'Sonr«the8, T

Th* Su* 7* ‘I’ «2* 6. £? fp'ri,uo"!

££h»jeg^&\'*9Ji "f"- te?-5.

' 7sorj) ';*or.t| > .'Vs7

h.v;

Si j

VXfe'

Xl.

'a Li

‘‘quors.

>ve0f.

not bavin, k u, f?r*WVf* ,

n

3n.

k

JOo

20(

K

Hg,

0 s*

%'s

1<W S

Voos

5,86S j v 5oo, J>

Vn,

‘391

H

is,

«.00».

,t, J !.'«}

‘S

!o5j

n'n

3|5S?N

' '0.

3»0i

\s

»0o0

*5qi

S»86i

J'5oo's*>

%>Si,

"I

V,

l3 ’?R

8-U6,

"Wo

>-s}

m.

s

Host,

10,|j,

>4

-----1 Deficiency, of Grants.

M»°,«22 T~T

waks*

*^?2!*S»«

l^'Cntow ‘

>5496.


W.,%55 H.

*'* 5!!J.

Other Moiety in Prizes, and amounted to 0 the Year, after paying back the

*"’* -5

But no more haying' befen contributed than the Sum of 126s!»~

Whereofsaid back for Prices . . ... -Uhooi 1 — -

Remains for the Public Service nomore than the Sum of - * -1

Whereby the Lottery proved deficient of the Sum for which itwas given

c — w — J

*MH 1! nj.

I-

, I. I ' 5*5)002 12 $.*

*19,261 lj —

305.740'5 6

€*ZrJ&ic>/* JtJT» idTd i

*54

i 6° Martii.

A. 1758.

AN ACCOUNT of the Application and Disposal of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, issued pursuant to the Power given by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for issuing and applying any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One million, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred ami Fifty-seven, and to take all such Measures as might be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprises or Deiigns of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs might require.

£. S. d.

5>357 — 6

26,232 — —

r 2,802 13

18,145 —

3>*4° — —

1,980 — —

749 2 2

!>°54 2

*3 8

2,167 10 —

246 15 —

502 12 10

34 10 6

5l6 3 7

2,000 — —

60,185 14 -r

8,405 *5 10

119 5

85.713 19 —

36,000 — —

20,000 -

For Levy Money for the Augmentations of Colonel Ross'is Regiment in the Leeward TJland s and Colonel Watfli s in Jamaica -

Levy Money for the additional Companies to Lord John Murray s Regiment, and to the Fifft and Second Highland Battalions and for Men to complete the First and Second Battalions of Fifteen Regiments of Foot, and Seven other Regiments of Foot -Camp Necessaries for several Regiments and Battalions, which were in Readinefsto take

the Field.....-

Forage Monies for several such Regiments and Battalions -

Baggage Horses for several such Regiments and Battalions -

Bas Horses for several such Regiments and Battalions

Repairs of the Camp Necessaries of several Regiments and Battalions -To Colonel David Watson, to discharge the Quarters of the Hanoverian Troops -Monsieur Act, for the Expences of the Marches of the Hessian Troops -D®, for One hundred Days Forage of the General and Staff Officers, AY. of the ILffians Captain Robert Watson, for the Pay of himself, and others, attending the Hanoverian and Hessian Troops, and other Expences -

Colonel David Watson, for his Expences in settling the Quarters and Encampments of the Hanoverians and Hessians, and in marking out the Ground of I he several Encampments of the Forces in England, and for other extraordinary Expences Captain Anthony Hajlam, for the Pay of himself and of Lieutenant John Cooke, and extraordinary Expences in attending the Hessian Troops -

Mr. Samuel Tewkesbury, for Damages by him sustained by the Hessian Encampment on

his Farm - -- --....

Lawrence Dundas Esquire, Superintendant of the Magazines of Hay, Oats, AY. by way

of Advance - -- --....

Mr. Andrew Drummond and Co. to discharge several Bills of Exchange drawn on them by the Contractors for Forage for the Hessian Troops in the Army of Observation formed in Germany ——

Jfdtob Dias, to answerTwo Bills of Exchange drawn on him by the Contractor for Bread Waggons for the Ilejfian Troops in the said Army -The said Mr. Jacob Dias, to answer a like Bill drawn by the said Contra6tor, for Waggons and Horses taken by the Enemy - -

Messieurs Raker, Kilby, and Baker, for Provisions supplied by them, according to Contract, for the Forces in North America ——

The said Messieurs Baker, Kilby, and Baker, by way of Imprest and Advance, for laying and keeping inStondioufes an additional Quantity of Provisions for the Supply of an additional Number of Forces in North America, upon the Terms of the said Contract -Messieurs Thomlinfon and llanbury, late Contractors for remitting Monies for the Forces in North America, upon Account, for Bills drawn on them before the Expiration of their Contract, by their Agents, to answer the Demands of the Deputy Paymaiters there Messieurs Thomlinfon, Hanbury, Coltbrooke, and Nejbitt, the present Contractors for such Remittances, to answer Bills drawn on them by £. s. d.

their Agents, for the Demands of the said Deputy Paymaiters - - 85,000-----

To be by them remitted in Specie to North America, for Services relating to the Forces there - - 11 o,odo-----

Mr. William Godfrey, Commissary for Wood, Coals, and Straw, for the Forces, by way of Advance ——

Mr. Thomas Wilson, for the Charges of Waggons to carry to Portsmouth the Camp Necessaries and Stores of Kennedy'9 Regiment - - '

John Calcraft Esquire, for the Charges of Waggons to carry to Portsmouth the Camp Necessaries and Stores of Five Regiments ordered to North America - For Cloathing for Two Companies formed out of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital

reading in Ireland -----....

Richard O/ivald Esquire, Contractor for Bread, Bread Waggons, Wood, and Straw, for the Encampments 1757, by way of Advance, and upon Account - -

John Cathcart Esquire, to provide Bedding, Sc. for the Hospitals in the Expedition under Major General Hojfou, and at Gibraltar -

The said Mr. Cathcatt, Director of the Hospitals, to enable him to pay for several Services relating to the Forces encamped, and the Hospitals and Infirmaries thereof, and to provide Tent Blankets, and other Necessaries, several Sums, amounting to -The laid Mr. Cathcart, to enable him to provide Bedding and Utends for the Hospital of the Forces in North America, and other Purposes -

1 he General and Staff Officers in the Expedition under Sir John Mordaunt, for Seventy-one Days Pay, from the 3d of Augul to the 14th of October 1757, both inclusive, at

£.14 j 5* per Day....

Contingencies of the said Expedition

195,000 -

2,000-----

149 6 10

i98 i5 3 190 4 4

28,157 19 3 *>73*-----

4,830-----

2,260 — — -

1,on 15 —

2,000-----

Salaries

31 Geo. II. i Martii.

Salaries of federal Deputy Gommiflaries and Under Deputies employed in the Encampments -

Mr. Henry Buddaccording to Contraft made with hip for Provisions laid up aild kept in Stores at Guernsey and Jersey - -

Several Lieutenants, who were ordered to escort the Draughts made from federal Battalions for North America, in Advance -

The Difference in Pay between the old and new Establifljments of 37 Battalions for 92 Days, from 24 September to 24 of December 1757, both inclusive -The Pay of a Battalion ordered to the East Indict, under the Command of Lieutenant Colonel Draper, for 31 Days, from 24 November to 24 December 1757, both inclusive The Pay of the Augmentation of Colonel Walsh's Regiment for 365 Days, from 25 December 1756 to 24 December 1757, both inclusive -

The Pay of Nine Companies, added to the Three Highland Battalions under the Command of Lord John Murray, Lieutenant Colonel Montgomery, and Lieutenant Colonel Fra-Jier, for 244 Days, from the 25th of April to the 24 of December 1757, both inclusive The Pay of One Battalion and Six Regiments of Foot,sent from Ireland

to North America, for 234 Days, from 5th May to 24 December 1757, £. s. d.

both inclusive, at £.304 14 s. 6d, per Day ----- 71,305 13 —

Towards which being applied.

The Pay of Two Regiments sent from England to Ireland

for 244 Days, from 25 of April to 24 December 1757, £. s. d.

both inclusive, at £. 83 7 f. 8 d. per Day - - -20,345 10 8

And the Pay of Three Regiments, also sent from England to Ireland, for 214 Days, from 25 May to 24 December 1757, both inclusive,at£, 125 is. 6 d.per Day - - 26,766 1 —

— 47,1x1 ir 8

The extraordinary Expences charged on this Head are -To answer a Bill of Exchange drawn by Colonel Amherst, on Accdunt of Forage for the Hessian

Troops in the Pay of Great Britain ....

To Philip Adolphe, Baron de Munchaufcn, by his Majesty’s Warrant, 10 August 1757, to be applied in such manner as his Majesty should direct in the then present Exigency of Affairs To Monsieur Jujius Henry Alt, charged with the Affairs of Hcjfe CaJJhl, to be by him paid over to the \Jfe of the Laud grave -

To Christopher Kilby Esquire, Agent for his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Services following; that is to say,

To make good what was wanted to complete the Payment of several Bills, £. s. d.

and other Services..... 842 10 11

To satisfy Bills drawn on him by Charles Lawrence Esquire, Governor of that Province, for his Majesty’s special Service, and for the Uses of the Government there - - - - 34,648 811

To pay unto William Baker Esquire, for Provisions by him supplied for several Regiments, and other Persons on the military Establishment of

that Province.....- 17,548 n —

To pay to Matthew Woodford F.squire, Contractor for victualling Annapolis

Royal, in Satisfaction for Provisions taken by the French and Indians - 728 16 4

To pay to the said Matthew Woodford, for victualling 360 Men of the

Garrison of Annapolis Royal - - 1,629-----

Ta pay the Salary of the Chief Justice of Nova Scotia for Three Quarters,

to the 25th of December last - -- -- - 375 — —

To Chauncey Townsend Esquire, for victualling Part of Colonel Hopfon's

Regiment at Nova Scotia - - - -" - - - -3,611-----

59*383 7 2

Out of which being deducted,

The Sum granted last Session of Parliament, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of the said Colony for the Year 1757, and issued to the said Chrifio- £. s. d.

pher Kilby - -- -- - 28,789 5 1

And the Sum granted by Parliament, upon the Estimate of the Charges of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Gibraltar, for the Year 1757, for Provisions for Colonel HopforCs Regiment at Nova Sfcotia and Nciqfoundland, and which has been paid to the said Christopher Kilby,

upon Account - - -.....3,843 11

And also the Sum granted by Parliament, upon the said Estimate, for Provisions for Major General Warburtons Regiment at Nova Scotia, and which has also been paid to the said Christopher Kilby, upon Account - - 3,843 2 11

' — 3M751011

The extraordinary Expences charged and paid on this Head amount unto the Sum of

*55

£ r. d. 416 12 6

468 7 X-

38i 5 "

29,122 12 —

1,546 12 PO

5,322 18 4

11,602 4 —

24,194 x 4.

60.000 -

100,000 —

20.000 —

22,907 i6( 3 800,000 — —

This Account, stated in Obedience to his Majesty’s Command, upon an Addrefe of this honourable House, is humbly presentedthis 16th Day of March 4758, by

E. Burnaby,

VOL. 28.

Ordered

*5*

\ & Mat iiu

A. 1758.

Leave for certain Members to attend thfe Lords.

Account of Plate Duty.

Devon

County

Bridges.

Tiverton

Roads*

Embden East India Company enabled to fell a Ship.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon tile Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Message received this Day from the Lords, relating to the Right honourable George Grenville Esquire, Doctor George Hay, Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, Gilbert El. Hot Esquire? Hans Stanley Esquire, Isaac Townshend Esquire, Thomas Griffin Esquire, Thomas Frankland Esquire, and the Right honourable Hany Pazvletl Esquire, corhmon ly called Lord Hairy Pawlett:

And the said Melfage was read.

‘Refolved, That the Right honourable George Grenville Esquire, Doctor George Hay, Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, Gilbert Elliot Esquire, Hans Stanley Esquire, Isaac Toumjhend Esquire, Thomas Griffin Esquire, Thomas Frankland Esquire, and the Right honourable Harry Pawlett Esquire, commonly called Lord Harry Pawlett, Members of this Hotife, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lord ships, if the said Members think fit.

Ordered, That a Melfage be sent to the Lords, to ad-quaint them, that this House hath given Leave to the Right honourable George Grenville Esquire; Doctor George Hay, Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, Gilbert Elliot Esquire, it am Stanley Esquire, Isaac Townshend Esquire, Thomas Griffin Esquire, Thomas Frankland Esquire, and the Right honourable Harry Pawlett Esquire, commonly called Lord Harry Pawlett, Members of this House, to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, if the said Members think fit:

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the said Melfage to the Lords.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at Doors

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,-pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on wrought Plate in Scotland, from the Commencement thereof, on the 1A June 1720, to Midfumnier 1757.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie Upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Melfage from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy repairing of public Bridges within the County of Devon, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable George Amyand and John Anthony Rucker of London, Merchants, Agents for the Embden East India Company, to sell and dispose of the Cargo of the Ship The Prince Ferdinand of Prussia, to the ufii ted Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and

Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords de-fire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers.withdrew'.

A Petition of the Merchants, Owners; and Matters of importation Ships, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of J/me- otfhdrs. head, in the Coilnty of SomerJ'et, was presented to the "’om House, and read$ complaining of the dettructive Method, which, the Petitioner.^ allege; has been practised of late Years, of riiniting Wool fro til Ireland to France:

And praying the House to take the Premiles into Consideration, and grant ail Encouragement for the Importation of Irish Wool, free Liberty for Tallow, Hides,

Skins* and live Cattle, and put an effectual Stop to the Running of Wool to France, or give fitch other Relief as Jb the Hfcufe shall seem mebk

Ordered, That the said Petit ion do lie upon the Table, 1

until the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited; the Duties payable upon raw Hides and raw Calf Skins from Ireland, he read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Extract from the Day Bboks kept at Cape Coast Castle, betwixt Angitft 15, 17 32, alul June 28, 17.54, containing Particulars of the Expenses of a Treaty with the Fan tees, and of Goods flip plied at Cape Coast Castle, for building the Fort at Annamaboe, which was presented to the House upon the 2d Day of April 1756: Andalfo;

The particular Account of the t)ifp6fal of the Cargoes font on board the Sibop Africa on Two Voyages to Gambia, to pdrehafe Slaves for Amtamdboe, which was presented to the House upon the 19th Day of March 1756: Andalfo,

The Establishment of the Royal African Company of England, for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coatt of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1735; distinguishing how much of the same is on Account of Trade* and How much for the Maintenance and* Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also an Account how the Money granted, ill the? kill Session of Parliament, tdvtafds the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been dispofod of, which was presented to the House upon the 2d Day of Mdrch 173$; be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to eonfider of the several Papers, Reports, Surveys, and Drawings, relating to the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, which have been referred to the Consideration of the said Committe: And thatthey do examine the said Extrac t, Account, and Eftdblish-ment; and (late the Matters therein contained, together with their Observations thereupon, to the-House.

APetition of thefeveralGentlemen, Clergy, and others; residing in sind dear, and usually travelling, the Roads from White Sheet Hill, in the County of Wilts, through Shttflfbury and Sherborne, to the Halfway Hoitfe in the Parish of Nether Compton, in the County of Dorj'ct; and of the Trustees and Creditors under an Act of Parliament, passed in the 26th Year of his p re sent Mjt jetty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads aforesaid; and also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, residing in and near, arid usually travelling, the Roads from the Halfway House in the Parish of Nether Compton, in the County of DorJet, through Yeovil, to Hafteborough Bridge, in the County of Somerset,

African. Forts and Settlements.

to enable the said united Company to purchase, land, A being the Turnpike Road from Sherborne to Crerckern;

Singleton

and

Charlton

Forests.

fell, and dispose bf, the fame, or any Part thereof; and . to impower the said George Amyand and John Anthony Rucker to make Iilfurance9 upon the said Ship and Cargo; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Forests and Manors of Singleton and Chari-fowj-and other-Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Sussex and Wilts, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon the Trusts therein mentioned, freed and discharged frbm the Estates, Uses, and Trusts, to which the same are at present subject; and for other

GUrd

Roads;

Ditto;

and of the Trustees and Creditors under an Act of Parliament, passed in the 26th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads aforesaid;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; fc-verally alleging, That the Petitioners have been at great Trouble and Expence in repairing and widening the Roads in the Titlesof the said Petit ions mcn- tioned; and that large Sums of Money remain due on the Credit of the Tolls a riling on the said Roads; and observing, that as a Hill has patted the House for repairing the Road from Charmoidii, through

Lyme

31 Geo. II. i —:

Lyme Regis, to join the Exeter Turnpike, the Petitioners are apprehensive, that not only the Roads aforesaid, which they have, with much Difficulty repaired, will again become ruinous and bad, but that the Money advanced thereon will thereby become much less secure, and be in great Danger of being loft; and that in order to put the Petitioners on as good a Footing as before the passing of the Lipne Ad, they desire that the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Chard to Honiton, maypafs into a Law, which will not onlyftrengthen the Petitioners Securities, but be of the greatest public Benefit and Utility, being Three Miles nearer from Chard to Honiton, than the present Road through Axminster.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Slirpenbeck Mr. Cholmley presented to the House, according to lucioiure. Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting certain Fields, Meadows, Grounds, and common Failures, in the Manor and Township of Skirpenbeck, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the Fiift time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Edinburgh, Mr. James Campbell,reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the .:5th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Poll Road from the City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgozo and 67*V//h£, from the Boatkoufe Ford on Almond Water, and from thence to the Town of LirdiUh-goxv, and from the said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Stirling; and also from Falkirk to Kyljyth, and to Inch Nellie Bridge on the Post Road, to the City of Glasgozv, and for building a Bridge cross Almond Water; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Recruiting Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

Land Fo es. ^le whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and X" effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Bounty on Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

Corn ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole aported. House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Payment of the Bounty upon the Exportation of Corn, unless sold at a lower Price than is allowed in an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queeu Mary.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Feneris, 17° die Martii;

Anno 31 Georgii II41 Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

[ 70 Martin 15-7

Powers granted by an Act, pasted in the 12th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Aftfoi* repairing the Roads from Bakewell to Chefiefield, in the County of Derby; and from Chester field to Wor kfop, in the County of Nottingham; and from Chester field to the Place where the Northern Road meets the Chester* afield Road, which leads to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham; is committed.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping ih Re* shrewsbury pair, the several Roads from the ToVvh of Shrewjbiuy to Raids. Weflbury, and from Shrewsbury to Minsterley, in the County of Salop; and from Shrewsbury to the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery; and from Shrezvf-bury to the Town of Oswestry, and from the FingerPqft, near Ofxvejtry, to Knoehin, and also from Cotton Hill, in Shrewsbury, to Ba/church, in the County of Salop; was '

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Nlv.Kynaston,

Mr. Smith, Sir John Cust, Mr. Lozvndes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Walter, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Amcotts,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bany, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Drake, Mr. Tozcn/hcnd, Mr. Wigleyi Mr. Gore, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Cartzvright, Mr. Thi/lletlnvayfe, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Trijt,

Mr. Bankes, Mr. Crajler, Mr. BrudeneH, Mr. Digby,

Mr. Wilkes. Mr. Tkurjby, Mr. Alderman Dickifon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Lewis,

Sir Charles Kemys Tynfe, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Medlycott,

Sir Francis DaJInvood, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde,

Lord North, Sivjohn Molesworth, Mr. Delaval; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Hereford, Chester, and Stajfoi'd; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for establishing Agreements made between Lseds Charles Brandling Esquire, and other Persons, Proprie* Waggon- tors of Lands, for laying down a Waggon Way, in order the better to serve the Town and Neighbourhood of Iweds, in the County of York, with Coals; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ridley,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Hezvett, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Wilkin*

Jon, Sir John Crofje, Mr. Lewis, Sir Charles Mor daunt,

Mr. Medlycott, Sir Richard Waricick Bampfylde, Mr.

Charlton, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Trijl, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Lozvndes, Sir John Gordon, Mr. George On-Jlow, Jx>rd North, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Fuller, Mr*

Cooke, Mr. Fane, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Delaval, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. 0?igley, Mr. Barry, Mr.

AJfitck, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Yorke, SxrThomas Palmer, Mr. Martin, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Willoughby Alloni Mr. Frederick, Mr. Finch, Mr. Cole* brooke, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Wig ley, Siv Thomas Clavering, Mr. Butler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, We/lmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Regulation of the several Persons whof? Names are thereunto sub- of lcribed, in Behalfof themselves, and many Hundred other* Coalbeavcr*. industrious labouring Men, employed in the unloading of Ships and Vessels bringing Coals into the River Thames, commonly called Coalheavers, was referred, be revived.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act XuffnelP* to dillolve the Marriage of George Forjler Tuffnell, Ef- Div^r^ quire, with Elizabeth Forjler, his now Wile, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Secondtime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

S s Resolved,

158 i7 0 MartiL

Rtfalvcd, That this House will, upon Thursday the 6th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit-neflfes for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think, fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

HonUon, to a Place called Fair Mile End; and from Chardy through Ilminster, to Pet her Ion Bridge, and from Ilminster to Puckington Lane, and from Pea femarsh Lane to A/hill Gate; and from the said Town of lio nit on to the Town of Cidiom pi on; and from Odcombe, over Jlam -don Hilly and Pet her ton and Ilford Bridges', to AJliill; and from Petherton Bridge to Wimhvhi/lie Turnpike; and from St. Bane Hill to Horton Elm, in the Parish of Ilminster, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon; be read a Second time upon Moh day Morning next.

Importation An ingrossed Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be

of Tallow limited, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from A Message from the I-ords, by Mr. Burroughs and from Ireland. Ireland; was read the Third time. Mr. Halford:

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title Mr. Speaker, be, An Act to discontinue, for a limited lime, the Du- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tax ties payable upon Tallow imported from Ireland. forappointing Commissioners lor putting in execution an ‘nmi

> . Ordered, That Mr. Jarrit: Smith do carry the Bill to Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land l ax to be

raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1 758;

Improving A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to beafleiVcd London the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, int ituled, upon Somerset IlouJe, in the Strand; and for rest i Bring a Bridge. An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage Mi flake in the said Act; and for allowing further lime over and through London Bridge, and for rendering the to the Receivers of certain Aids, for letting Iniuper for same more effectual; was read a Second time. Monies in Arrear; without any Amendment: And also,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act,

Philipps', Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Smith, to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fellowes, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Delaval, Mr. the River of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brent- ' r.

Cartwright, Lord Strange, Mr. Symmons; Mr. Tri/l, Mr. ford, in the Parisho(Ealing, in the County of Middlefer, I

Pye, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Pinney, Lord Middleton, Mr. known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the of- f

if or they, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Havett, Sir Cor del Firebrace, pofite Shore in the County of Surrey; without any Mr. Lyjler, Sir Willoughby Afion, Mr Barjy, Sir Edmund Amendment: And also, ... j

Ifham, Mr. Grenville. Mr. Hanger, Mr. Vyner, Lord i he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Doniirton Parker, Mr. Whitxvorth, Sir ArmineWodehouse, Mr. Gorc, for repairing and widening the Roads from Bonington High Bridge Sir John Cujl, Mr. Elliot, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Pelham, High Bridge to Haid rove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone oa s*

Mr. Whichcot; and all the Members who serve for the the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, ii\

City of London; and for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And Surrey, and Kent: and they are to meet this Afternoon

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Woodltock,

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act l)ave Voices. of Parliament, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers Encouraging A jj;jj to encourage the Growth and Cultivation of granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign ofe Madder Madder in this Kingdom, by ascertaining the Tythe of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the thereof; was read a Second time. several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hanger, Eustone, toRollrightLane and EnJlozv Bridge, to Kid-

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gore, Ur.JohnPittMr. dington aforesaid; and for-making the said Act more Cartwright, Mr. Thoroton, Doctor Hay, Mr. Fuller, Sir effectual; without any Amendment: And also,

John Philipps, Mr Ilardinge, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Pye, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Endowment 1 Mr. Webb, Mr. Page, Sir Willoughby Afion, Mr. Fane, for transferring certain South Sea Annuities, (landing in of the Mr. Walter, Mr. Stanley, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. the of the late Treasurer to the Commissioners for New

Grenville, Lord George Sackville, Lord Strange, Mr. building Fifty new Churches,unto the respective Rectors Kynaston, S\r Edmund Ifham, Mr. Lvfter, Mr. Cooke, Mv. oi Eight of those Churches; and for veiling certain Sites Fellowes, Mr. Bidler, Mr. More, Sir John Ru/hout, Mr. for Churches, purchased by the said Commissioners, in Comew all. Lord Downe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Trustees, in order to sell the same, for the Purposes Alderman Dickinson, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Northey, therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

Mr. Probyn, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Coventry, And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Brndenell, Mr. Wigley, Sir Francis Da/hivood, Mr.

Lewis, Sir Cordtl Firebrace, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Richard Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Aflhe

Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Gafhry, Sir Lionel Pilkington, whom the Bill for the due making of Bread, and to re- of Mr. Colcbrooke, Sir Robert Ilildyard, Mr. Delaval, Lord gulate the Price and Assize thereof, was committed, be Bread- 4c-Middleton, Mr. Fanshaw, Lord Harvey, Mr. Handyv, taken into ConGderation upon lurjllay Fortnight.

Lord Harry Pawlelt; and they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Edithwedon Mr. George Brndenell presented to the House, accord-Incloir.re, ing to Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing the open common Fields, in the Parish of Edithwejton, in the County of Rutland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

RcJblved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Char \ Ordered, That the Bill for repairing the Road from the

' Well End of liie down of Chard, through the Town of

18

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Settlement Committee of the whole I louie, upon the Bill to amend an . of . Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King PPrtlccs William and Queen Afa?;?/, intituled, An Act for the better Indenture. Explanation and supplying the Defects of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor, so far as the same relates to Apprentices gainingaSettlement by Indenture.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edmund Ifham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edmund Ifham reported from the Committee, That they had gonethrough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which 1 hey had directed him to report, when the House will pleufe to receive the same.

Ordered,

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Writ of Habeas Corpus.

HamOerlv,

&rc.

Incioiure.

Accounts;

Tallow.

Tipnew

Bark,

Cattle.

31 Geo. II. 170 — 200 Marin. ftja

Ordered, That the E.epoi;t be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, I hat this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Rejbkcd, That this House will, upon MondayMorning next, relbive itself into the said Committee.

The Bill for giving a more speedy Remedy to the Subject upon the Writ of Habeas Corpus, was, aceord-ingjo Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

liejbived, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That, this House will, upon Tuesday Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Moors and Commons within the Chapelry of Hamfierly, in the Manor of Wofingham, in the County of Durham, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Mbnday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunre^ 20° die Martii;

Anno 310 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1758. Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Corymiftioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Uoufe, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account, of the Quantity of Tallow, and the Quantity and Number of Raw Hides and Skins, that have been imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Michaelmas 1747 to Michaelmas 1757; difringirftiing each Year, and the Places from whence such Tallow, Raw Hides, and Skins, have been imported; together with an Account of the Duties that have been paid thereon: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of such Tallow that has been re-exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Michaelmas 1747 to Michaelmas 1757; distinguishing each Year, and the Places to which it has been exported; together with an Account of 1 he Drawback paid thereon: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Tanners Bark that hath been exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Michaelmas 1747 to Michaelmas 1757; distinguishing each Year, and the Places from and to which the same has been exported: And also. An Account of \ lie Number of Cattle that have been imported into that Part o\ Great Britain called Scotland, from the Ijlc of Man, from Michaelmas 1747 to Michaelmas 1757; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved among# the other Papers of this Session.

VOL. 28.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, reftding in and near, and usually travelling, tbfc Roads from the Top of Whitejheet Hill, in the County of Wilts, to the Half-way House in the Parlfti of Nether Compton, in the County of Dorset, being the Turnpike Road from Salisbury to Shaftesbury, and Sherborne to Yeovil; and of the Tmftees and Creditors under an Act of Parliament, pasted in the 26th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have been at great Trouble and Expence in repairing and widening the said Roads; and that large Sums of Money remain due upon the Credit of the Tolls arising on the said Hoads; and observing, that as a Bill has pasted the House, for repairing the Road from Charmouth, through Lyme Regis, to join the Exeter Turnpike, the Petitioners are apprehensive that not only the Roads aforesaid, which they have with much Difficulty repaired, will again become ruinous and bad, but that the Money advanced thereon will thereby become much less secure, and be in great Dan* ger of beingloft; and that in order to put the Petitioners on as good a Footing as before the passing of the Lyme Act, they desire that the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Chard to Honiton may pass into a Law, which will not only strengthen the Petitioners Security, but be of the greatest public Benefit and Utility, being Three Miles nearer from Chard to Honiton, than the present Road through Axminster.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for making more eftediual four several Acts of Parliament, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the nth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 10th and 13th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty respectively, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurclu in the County of Warwick; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. More, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Philippsi Mr. Fane, Sir John Cust, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Walter, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Wig ley, Mr. Ridley, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Moore, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Prowse, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Bold, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Hanger; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Oxford, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and allotting certain Fields, Meadows, Grounds, and common Failures, in the Manor and Township of Skirpenbeck, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed toNlr.Cholmley, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Delava I, Mr. Shelley, Mr. MedlycoU, Lord George Cavendijhfs/lv. Hume, Mr. Vanfiltart, Mr. Kynaston, SivRobert Burdett9 Mr. Vernon, Lord Verney, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pitt, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Laf-celtcs, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Symmonds, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Thifiletliwayte, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cornetvall, Mr. Hunter, Sir John Cust, Mr. Tv ft. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Haldane, Lord Downe, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bu.ler, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Wilkinfov, Mr. Daw-nay, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Oswald; and all the Members who serve lor the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A BILL.

Chaca

lloadsi

Old

Stratford

to

D unchurch Road.

Skirpenbeck

Incioiure.

u.

i6o 20° Martii. 1758.

Ceydon A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common and open

nlco ure. common Pastures, common Meadows, common

Pieces, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Township of Geydon, in the Parish of Bishops Itchington, in the County of Warwick; was read a Second time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Lyjter, Mr. More, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fdimes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Thor0ton, Mr. Wilkinjbn, Mr. Sandys, Lord North, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Trifi, Lord Malpas, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Amcotls, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Ward, Mr. Staunton. Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Walter, Mr. Madlycott, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Affleck, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Toxvnf-hend, Sir CV//, Mr. Symmons, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Fane, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Wigley, Mr. George Onjloxv, Mr. Grenville, Doctor //a?/; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Oxford, Worcester, Stafford, and G/0?/-c^/fcr .* And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brompton An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing Ar-Inclosure. tides of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing the open common Fields,common Meadow, Commons, and waste Grounds, in the Townships of Brompton and Sawdon, in the Parish of Brompton, in the North Riding of the County of TbrA, was read the Third time.

The following Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill *, »/«.

P.4. L. 4. After "described, to insert, " and also " certain Lands and Grounds lately inclosed and taken " out of the said High Weil Field."

The said Articles of Agreement were produced to the House, and Part thereof read.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Quoftion , put thereupon, agreed to by the House: and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Several other Amendments were also proposed to be made to tliQ. Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. L. 15. After "the," to insert, "Tenements:"

L. 24. After "of," to insert, " Tenements:"

L. 31. After "of," to insert, "Tenements:"

P. 10. L. 16. After " said," to insert, "Tenements." And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open common Fields, common Meadow, Commons, and waste Grounds, in the Townships of Brompton and Saxvdon, in the Parilli of Brompton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence. N

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Dover The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Harbour, for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment: And also,

Brent Bridoe The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Road. ° for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gajking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ksmfley, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

&c further Confutation the Report from the Committee, Inclosure. to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Moors and Commons within the Chapelry of Hamjlcrly, in the

Manor of Wolfingham, in the County of Durham, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was informed, that a Person attended at the Door, who could give the House some Information with respect to the Twelve Persons, who, it is alleged in the said Report, could not be found; and with respect to the Proprietors of the Two several Estates of the yearly Value of 12 each, mentioned in the said Report:

And the said Person was called in, and examined in relation thereto.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Writ of

Friday Jaft, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Habeas

mittee of the whole House, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, CorPu*-upon the Bill for giving a more speedy Remedy to the Subject upon the Writ of Habeas Corpus, might be read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge of the fe- Works at veral Works carried on at Gibraltar, between 1 July Gibraliir. 1756, and 30 November 1757, by the particular Order of the late Governor the Right honourable the Lord Tyrazvley; together with the Paper, intituled, " Report and Observations — 1758;" be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Thursday Yovt-night, the 6th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Account and Paper.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ele&mW resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Knigh^of upon the Bill to obviate any Doubts that may arise lhe Siure' concerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England; and for further regulating the Proceedings at the Elections of such Knights of the Shire;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Rcmiiting Report from the Committee of the whole House, to . lile whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting Lan orcCu of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, was committed*,

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this Day Month.

TheOrder of the Day being read, for the SecondRead- Chard

ing of the Bill for repairing the Road from the West End &o«ds of the Town of Chard, through the Town of lloniton, to a Place called Fair Mile End; and from Chard, through Ilminster, to P ether ton Bridge, and from Ilminster to Puckington Lane, and from Peajcmar/h Lane to AshilL Gate; and from the said Town of Honiton, to the Town of Cullompton; and from Odcombe, over Hamdon Hill, and Petherton and Ilford Bridges, to Ashill; and from Petherton Bridge to Windwhijllc Turnpike; and from St. Rane Hill, to Horton Elm, in the Parish of Ilminster, in the Counties of Somerfel and Devon;

The said Bill was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed

Settlement

of

Apprentices

by

Indenture.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Electors of Knights of the -Shire.

31 Geo. II. 200 Mariii. 161

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Yonge, i cllers lor Me 1 eas, Mp: i-

-p n C .1 x- f Sir William Green, Tellers for the Noes, < x , r- 1 Mr. Henry Fane. 190,

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Third Year

of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation and Supplying the Defers of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor, so far as the same relates to Apprentices gaining a Settlement by Indenture, was committed;

Sir Edmund Isham accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Con-(ideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, Id the Account, Ihewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1757 has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 16th Day of March 1758, and the Parts remaining unfatistied, with the Deficiency thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Gaff'd, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty, for Sixty Days, from the 23d Day of February 1758, to the 23d Day of April following, both Days inclusive, be'referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty, and the Landgrave of Ileffe Cqffel, signed at Hanover, the 18th o[June 1755; and Tranllation; which were presented to the House upon the 26th Day of November 1755, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the \ Ioufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the Houfq, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolve d, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to obviate any Doubts that may arise concerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain

called England; and for further regulating the Proceedings at the Elections of such Knights of the Shire.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cornezvall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Cornewall reported from the Committee, That they had made some Prog refs in the Bill; and that ho was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, efolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Foley presented to the House, according to Or- Wilnemte der, a Bill for confirming and establishing Articles of Inclosure. Agreement, for dividing and inclosing ce'rtain common Fields, within the Manor of Wilnecotc, in the County of Warzo’ck; and also for erecting and working One or more Fire Engine or Fire Engines, for the more effectual draining the Coal Mines in the said Manor; And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Foie}) have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Thijllelhzcayle reported from the Committee, to Chawton whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, p'1 Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County o{'South- Road!1

amplon; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of Southampton, and of the Town and County of Southampton; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of Southampton; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Justices of the Peace, Aldermen, Sheriff, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and other Gentlemen, and Inhabitants, of the Town and County of Southampton, whoseNamesare thereunto sub- v

feribed; and also the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the several Townships, Villages, and Places, called North Stoneliam, South Stoneham, B/fiops Stoke, Aldbrock,

Tzcyford, Botley, Swathling, West End, and AI ling ton, situate on London Road, leading from Aire ford, through Tzcyford, to Southampton, and on the several Roads leading from Portsnouth, Gosport, Fareham, and Waltham, through Titchfield and Botley, and from divers other Places, to Southampton aforesaid; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Corporation of the City of Winchester, in the Guildhall of the same City assembled, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, and Places adjacent; and also the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Southampton; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the County of Southampton; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the County of Southampton; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and Freeholders of Uphaven and Everley, in the County of Wilts, and Places adjacent, and of the Bailift* and Burgesses of the Borough of Ludgarshall, in the same County, and also of the Bailiff, approved Men, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton; were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Thijtlelhicayte have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 28,

T t

In

G.

Stockb.idge,

&c.

Roadi.

Bi (hop’s Waltham Roads.

Sheffield

to

Ecclesal!

Roads.

162 200 — 2i° Mar A. 1758.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. John Du thy, Francis Baker, Richard Chance, Charles Knott, Mr. Peter Bear foot, James Crick, Joseph Patrick, M r. John Sain/lrny, Eduard May, and Mr. George Jackson, were severally examined, by whose Evidence it appeared, that the greatest Part of the several Roads de-icribed in the said Petitions are very ruinous and bad.

That in many Places the said Roads are narrow, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages; and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and rendered commodious, and kept in good Repair, by the Methods prescribed by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to b.ing in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Chaivton Pond, in the Parish of Chaivton, in the County of Southampton, through Rumfdcan Bottom, Westmeon. Warnford, Exton, Bishop's Waltham, and over Sherrill Heath, and through Wickham and Fareham, to the Town of Gajpori; and from a Place,called Hedge Corner near Rumfdean Bottom aforesaid, to the Town of Petersfield; and from Exion aforesaid, through Droxford, to the East End of Sherrill Heath aforesaid, in the said County: And that Mr. Thifilethwayte, Sir John Philipps, the Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. Pen!on, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Sivymmer, the Lord Powerjcourt, and Mr. Gibbons, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephen's Cajtle Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County; and from the said City of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton: And that Mr. Thijllethwayte, Sir John Philipps, the Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. Penlon, Mr., Hamilton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Sivymmer, the Lord Powerfcourt, and Mr. Gibbons, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the County of Southampton, over the Top of the Down, called Stephen's Cajtle Down, and through Salt Lane and Titchborne, to the Town of New Alresford; and from the Market House in the said Town of New Alresford, through Old Alresford, Bradley Lane, and over Herriard Common, to the Town of Odiham, in the said County: And that Mr. Thijlle-thwayle/i’wjohn Philipps, the Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. Penton, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Sivymmer, the Lord Poiverjcourt, and Mr. Gibbons, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House a Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of Derby:

And the said Petition was read; taking Notice of the Bill for repairing the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, to Hathersage, and over Mytham Bridge, to Sparroivpit Gate, in the County of Derby 5 and from the Guide Pojt, near Barber Fields Cupola, over the High Moors and Grindleforth Bridge, and over Tidfivell Moor, to Buxton, in the said County of Derby, and alleging, That the Petitioners being informed it is intended by the said Bill to make a Road cross the Commons belonging to the Town of Tidfzcell, and not to repair the Road through the said Town; and that the Road through the said Town is nearer than the Way proposed over the Commons; and that, although the said Road is ruinous in some Places, and narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired by the present Laws, yet the same may be repaired at a less Expence;

and that the making a Road over the Commons, instead of repairing the Road through the said Town, will be very prejudicial to the Inhabitants thereof, and inconvenient to Travellers: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in t he said Bill for repairing and w idening the I? oad t hrough t he said To\vn of 7'id/icell, and not over the said Commons; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief as to the House shall fee m meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ilervey, Mr. Ky nation, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Thijllethwayic, M r. Fell owes, Mr. Cornewall, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Thorolon,$\v John Philipps, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Charlton, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bunices, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Trip, Mr Gybbcn, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Symmons, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Grenville, Mr. IIewe It; and all the Alem-bers vhoferve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, York, and Warwick: And thfey are to meet this Afternoon at Six of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2i° d;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir William Codring/on, and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Wills, So-merfet, and Monmouth, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury, to the Gates on the Well of Simons Halt Down-, and from the Turnpike Gate at the Top of Frocester Hill, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards Bath; and from the Field called Bout down Sleight, to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horsley to Tetbury, near Tittup's Inn; and from the Market House in Tetbury, to the Turnpike Road on Minchin Hampton Common; and from the said Road in Minchin Hampton Field, unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to S/^oud, near Burnt A/h; and from the said Turnpike Road to TayIce's Mill Pond, in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide, to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloucester; is committed.

Ordered, That the Lord George Cavendish be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Trent, at or near a Place called Wilden Ferry.

A Message from the Lords by Air. Edwards and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rates, and for better regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir John Cufi reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of several Buildings, Houses, Grounds, and Estates, situate on the Well Side of the Street leading from Charing Cross, towards his Majesty’s Palace of Whitehall; and also the Petition of the several Inhabitants of Charing Cross, and Parts adjacent, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed; had been severally referred; and

to

Tetbury

Roads.

Trent River Brid^.

St. Mary Magdalen Bermondi'ey Poor.

Improvements

at

Charing Cross*

3i Geo. IL 210 Martii. 163

1o whom the Report of the Matters of the salt! Petitions was re-committed; That the Committee had further considered the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to repo; t the fame, as they appeared to them, together with the Refohitions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Renort in his Place; ?nd aftenvardsdelivered it in at the ClerkVI able: \Vhere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first;-mentioned Petition,

An Act, passed in the 29th Year of his prefeitt Ma-jpfty’s Reign, was read, for impowering the Commifii-oners for building Westm infer Bridge to purchase Buildings, Houses, Grounds, and Estates, for opening the Streets and Passages from Charing Cross, to the Two Houses of Parliament, Westmiijler Hall, and the Courts of Justice there, and Westminster Bridge.

And the Petitioners informed your Committec, That they are willing to accommodate the Public with such Part of 1 heir Estates as may be necessary for opening the Street from Charing Cross to Whitehall, but are desirous to build upon the Remainder, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct: And,

Samuel Seddon, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, produced to your Committee, an Extract of the Minutes taken at a Meeting of the said Commissioners; which was read; and is as followeth; viz.

" Wcflmr. Bridge Office, 21 February, 1758.

" The Commissioners present proceeded to consider " what Methods would be in oft advantageous and convenient to be 11 fed by this Commissiou, in felling and " disposing of an v such Piece or Pieces of Freehold Cf Ground ns I hey shall be pofiVflbd of, over and above " what may be necessary for opening and widening the "Ways, Streets, Avenues, and Passages, now leading " from Charing Cross, to the Two Houses of Parliament, Westminster Half and the Courts of Justice " there, and Wejminster Bridge: And,

"Were thereupon of Opinion, That the respective " Owners, of whom this Connniflion shall purchase any " Freehold Grounds, whereof* any Piece or Pieces shall " remain in the Possession of this Commission, over and " above what may he necessary for opening and widening the said Ways, Streets, Avenues, and Passages, " ought to have the Preference of re-purchasing from " this Commission such remaining Piece or Piece s of " their resprelive Grounds, at the like proportionable " Rates or Prices which shall have been paid by this " Commission, to such Owners respectively, for the Purchase of their respective whole naked Grounds, exclusive of Buildings or Materials thereon, whereof such " remaining Piece or Pieces is or are a Part or Parts; " they the said Owners respectively paying, to the Use " of this Commission, for the Purchase of such Buildings " or Materials as are now Handing or being on the said " respective Freehold Grounds, such further Sum or " Sums of Money, as the full Value of the same shall " amount unto, the said Buildings or Materials to be " estimated according to the Value or Worth thereof, " for Use upon the Spot; and so as there be contained, " in the several Conveyances to be made by this Commission, of the said remaining Pieces of Ground, such " Covenants, Conditions, Agreements, Limitations, and " Restrictions, as this Commission shall think proper, for " obliging,the said Owners respectively to build, or cause "new Houses to be built, on their respective Freehold Grounds, next adjoining to the West Side of the " Street leading from Charing Cross towards Whitehall, " in such Manner as this Commission ilialldefign, assign, " or lay out, and for preserving the Uniformity and " Beauty of such new Houses, when built."

And in Support of the Allegations of the Petition of the several Inhabitants of Charing Cross, and Parts adjacent, whole Hands are thereunto subscribed, The Report from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, Vol. 28.

to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building Improve-a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Siiore in the County of Surrey, Charing was referred; and who were empowered to receive Pro- Crof3.° pofals from Persons who would undertake, by Contract, to widen the Street leading from Charing Cross towards Whitehall; which Report was made to this House the fjth Day of April 1757, was read: And,

Mr. Lambert being examined, fain, That the Passage from Charing Cross to Spring Garden is narrow and dangerous, and that he apprehends the same might be widened, and the other Works, proposed to be done in pursuance of the above-mentioned Act, completed, for the Money already granted by Parliament: And,

Edward Southwell Esquire, being examined, said,

That the said Passage is the private Property of his Mother and himself: and that they are willing to give up the same for the Accommodation of the Public, in case the Plan proposed last Year for opening the same should be thought proper to be carried into Execution, v upon Condition that the same shall revert to the Proprietors in case it should ever be built upon.

Whereupon your Committee came to the following Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Opinion of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; viz.

" That the respective Owners of whom this Commission " shall purchase any Freehold Grounds, whereof any " Piece or Pieces flia.ll remain in the Possession of this " Commission, over and above what may be necessary " for opening and widening the said Ways, Streets,

" Avenues, and Passages, ought to have the Preference " of re-purchasing from this Commission such remaining Piece or Pieces of their laid respective Grounds,

" at the like proportionable Rates or Prices, which shall vt have been paid by this Commission, to such Owners " respectively, for the Purchase of their respective whole " naked Grounds, exelufire cf Buildings 01 Materials * thereon, whereof such remaining Piece or Pieces is or " are a Part or Parts; they the said Owners respectively " paying to 1 lie Ule of this lommission, for the Purchase " ol such Buildings or Materials as are now Handing or <c being on the said respective Freehold Grou no slue <c further Sum or Sums of Money as the full Value of " the same shall amount unto, the said Buildings or Ma-cc terials to be estimated according to the Value or Worth " thereof for Use upon the Spot; and so as there be contained, in the several Conveyances to be made by this " Commission, of the said remaining Pieces of Ground,

" fuchCovenants, Condilions, Agreements, Limitations,

" and Restrictions, as this Commission shall think proper,

" for obliging the said Owners respectively to build, or " cause new Houses to be built, on their respective Freehold Grounds, next adjoining to the West Side of the " Street leading from Charing Cross towards Whitehall,

" in such Manner as this Commission shall design, assign,

" or lay out, and for preserving the Uniformity and " Beauty of such new Houses when built;" is jult and reasonable, and ought to be carried into Execution.

' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Passage, called the New Pajffage, leading from Charing Cross, through Spring Garden, into Saint James's Park, is very narrow, inconvenient, and dangerous; and that it would be of public Convenience to widen the fame.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole i !ouse.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into aCommittee of the wholeHouse, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. John Walter reported from the Committee, to Exeter whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more ef- Poor* feftual. An Act, passed in the 9! li and 10th Years of the Reign of his late MajestyKingf Uilliam the Third, intituled,

Au

Preston

Pans

Two-Penies

Scots

Singleton

and

Charlton

Foreih.

Accounts; Leather.

Tanners

Bark.

Leather.

Milford

Haven.

164 210 Martii. ' 1758.

An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Vvrhere the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, witii the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Gordon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act made in the 26th Yearofhis present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Preston Pans, in the Shire of East Lothian, other wise Haddingtoun, for repairing the Harbour of thesaidTovvn, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iti-grolled.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Forellsand Manors of Singleton and Charlton, and other Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Suffer and Wilts, in Trustees, and their Heirs,upon the Trusts therein mentioned, freed and discharged from the Estates, Uses, and Trusts, to which the same are at present subject; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of foreign Leather imported into this Kingdom, from the 24th Day of June 1750, to the 24th Day of Jane 1757; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the Quantities of Foreign Tanners Bark, imported into this Kingdom, from the 24th Day of June 1750, to the 24th Day of June 1757; distinguishing each Year.

0/Y/e/rrf, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Drawbacks that have been paid upon Leather manufactured or unmanufactured, re-exported out of this Kingdom, from the 24th Day ofjune 1750, to the 24th Day of June 1757; distinguishing the manufactured from the unmanufactured Leather; and also distinguishing each Year.

Mr.CharlesTcwnJhcnd from the Committee, to whom the Book, which was present ed to the House upon Thurs dajj the 23d Day of February kill, intituled, " Report, " Plans, and Eitimates, for fortifying Milford Haven, " by Lieutenant Colonel Baftide, Director of Engineers, <c November 1757," was referred; and who were to examine the saidBook; and hate the Matters therein contained, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House; made the Report to the House, which the

Committee had directed him to make; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, now made to the House, together with the Survey of the Harbour of Milfordcontained in the 40th Page of the Book, intituled, " Report, Plans, and Estimates, for fortifying Milford Haven, by Lieutenant " Colonel Baftide, Director of Engineers, November " 1757," be1 printed, as shall be fuflieient for the Lie of the Members of the House.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Hume presented to the House, according in Manning Order, a Bill for the more effectually Manning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships and Vessels in the Merchants Service: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Chariton, according to Order, reported from the S-jp^-lr; Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted his Ma jeliy, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he rend in his Pi ace, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as folio wet h; viv.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commits,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighty four thousand Eight hundred and Two Pounds One Shilling and Three Farthings, be granted to his Majestr, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1757.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not cxccedingThirty-eighfc thousand Three hundred Sixty Pounds Nineteen Shill ings a nd Ton Pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, or defraying the Charge of Two thousand One hundred Twenty Horse, and Nine thousand Nine hundred Foot, together with the General and Staff O file errs the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers, and others, belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hcffe Caff el, i a the Pay of Great Britain, for Sixty Days, from the 23d Day of February 1758, to the 23d Day of April following, both inclusive; together with the Subsidy for the said Time, pursuant to Treaty.

Ref dyed. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ThataSum, not exceeding Twenty-six thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out Petitioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 17 3S.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second TC^Mcrgh reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain trc’ofnre. open and common Fields, called Xorthleigh Common Fields, and a Common or Waite, called North lei ft Heath, within the Parish or Township of A’brdhlcfk, in the County of Oxford:

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfcif into KZm. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, an Act, made in the ialt Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, Thatther had madefome Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved*

000^1

3i Geo. II. 210 — 2 20 Martii. 165

Resolved, That this House will, uponThurfday Morn-in" next, refulve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Bounty on Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow

Com Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole exportc . j-joufej Upon the Bill for prohibiting the Payment of the Bounty upon the Exportation of Corn, unless sold at a lower Price than is allowed in an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary.

Electors Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-of ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ftethTre^ *° con^er farther of the Bill to obviate any Doubts that may arise concerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England; and for further regulating the Proceedings at the Elections of such Knights of the Shire.

Northleigh The potlponed Order of the Day being read, for the Inclosure. Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, called Northleigh Common Fields, and a Common or Waste, called Northleigli Heath, within the Parish or Township of Northleigh, in the County of Oxford;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in:

And the said Bill was read a Second time.

And the Petition of several Persons inhabiting, or . Owners or Occupiers of Lands, within the Towns of Northleigh, Handborough, Bladon, Combe, Sfonesfield, Wootton, Old Woodstock, and HordUn/, in the County of Oxford, having Right of Common in the common Fields, common Meadows, and commonable Lands, lying in the Parish or Townfhin of Northleigh, in The said Cminty, on behalf of themselves, and many other Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, and Lands, was also read:

And the Counsel against the Bill was heard; and examined several Witnesses in support of the said Petition:

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard; and examined several Witnesses in support, of the Bill against the said Petition.

And the Counsel against the Bill having been heard, by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to w ithdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Turner, Lord Strange, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Cooke.S'w'John Philipps, Mr. Bacon,^\r Francis Poole, Mr. More, Lord Bateman, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Molyneax, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Bayntun, the Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. Thifilethivayte, Mr. George Onslow, ^/lv.Thoro ton, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Fellowes, SirJdinCuJl, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Northeij, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Probyn, Sir William Beauchamn Proctor, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Martin, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Shelley, Lord Parker, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Sxoymmer, Mr. Simmons, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Whitworthfs/lw Sandys, Mr. Amcotts; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Warwick, and Northampton: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 2° die Martii;

Anno 31° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Trent PRAYERS.

River Ti vfR. Venables Vernon prefen ted to the House, accord- Bridge. j\jL fag to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Trent, at or near a Place called Wilden Ferry: And the same was received; and read the First time. Vob. 2$.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, to Bristol whom the Bill for enlarging the Powers granted by an ^oor*

Ad, passed in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual the several Acts pastedfor the ereding of Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining of the Poor thereof; and for making the said Act more effectual; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, writh the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w7ere agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bp ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Tetm granted by preston an Act, made in the 26th Year of his present Majesty’s pant

Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Two-pcnies Penies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon Scow* every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Preston Pans, in the Shire of East Lothian, otherwiseHaddingtoun, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for etilarging the Term granted by an Act, made in the 26th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every -SccfrPint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewred for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Preston Pans, in the Shire of East Lothian, otherwise Haddingtoun, for repairing the Harboui of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Jrdui Gordon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lo.rd George Cavendish reported from the Com- Sheffield mittee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and to others, of the County of Derby, was referred, That the Eccidall Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; Koads*

and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. William Ilodgkinfon, being examined, said, That the Road through the Town of Tidfwell is nearer than the Road over the Commons; that the Road from the Windmill over the Commons to Buxton is Eight Miles and an Half; and that the Road from the Windmill through Tidfwell, Hargate Wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, is Eight Miles; that the Road through Tidfwell to Hargate Wall is ahard Foundation; that they are ruinous, and want widening in feme Places; that Tidfwell is a considerable Market Town, and is the Poll Road from Sheffield to Buxton; and he apprehends this to be the beftWay for the Accommodation of Travellers, and may be repaired at a less Expense than the Road over the Commons, by Reason of the Goodness of the Foundation; and that the Laws* in being are infufScient to repair and widen the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, over the High Moors to Ilatherfage, and over My I ham Bridge, to Sparrow-pit Gate, in the County of Derby; and from the Guide Post, at or near Barber Fields Cupola, over the

Uu High.

L.

166 2 2° Mart'll 1758.

High Moors, and Grindleforth Bridge, and over Tidfwell Moor, to Bartow,in the County of Derby; iscommitted; That they have Power to make Provision in the said. Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from the Windmill near Great Ilucklotv, through the Towns of 77q[/uW/and Hardgate Wall, to Fairfield, in the County of Derby.

BHxton Mr. George Onfiorv presented to the House, according

Small Debts. Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the WestcrnDivision of the Hundred of Brixlon, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Edzvards and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Bagot’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to en-Name. ablfr Charles Bagot, now called Charles Chester% and his Sons, to take the Surname of Chester; and for carrying an Agreement, therein mentioned, Into Execution :To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Improving A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Landoii thereunto subscribed, on behalf of tl.emfelvesand others,

' gc* being Owners of Barges, Lighters, and other Craft, occupied on or navigating the River77mwe.9, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is depending in the House for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 2C)th Year of his present Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge, and for rendering the same more effectual; and alleging, that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, in the Form it now stands, it will be extremely injurious to the Petitioners and divers others, and that the Money proposed to be raised thereby, would be collected in a very partial and expensive Manner, as some Person* wotdd be totally excused from any Payment at all, and others subjected to very high Duties merely from their Situation; and that there are several Provisions in the said Bill, which they apprehend will be of great Detriment to the Petitioneis in particular, and the Public in general: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as will affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confuleration of the Committee to whom the said Bill iscommitted: And that the Petitioners be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Edinburgh, -An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers &c. granted by an Act, of the 25th Year of his present Ma-

Roxd, jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Post

Road from the City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, from the Boat House Ford on Almond Wafer, and from thence to the Town of Linlith-goxv; and from the said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Stirling; and also from Falkirk to Kylfyth, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, on the Poll Road, to the City of Glafgcxv; and for building a Bridge cross Almond Water; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, of the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Post Road from the City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, from the Boat House Ford on Almond Water, and from thence to the Town of Linlithgow; and from the said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Stirling; and also from Falkirk to Kylfyth, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, on the Post Road, to the City of Glajgoxc; and for building a Bridge cross Almond Water.

Ordered, That Mr. James Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

20

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing the Moors and Commons within the Chapelry of Hamjlerly, in the Manor of Woljingham, in the County of Durham, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Aftforindofinganddividing the Moors and Commons within the Chapelry of Hamjlerly, in the Manor of Woljingham, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Staunton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the First Section of an Act, made in the qth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amende ing the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief, of the Poor, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual compelling of Overseers of the Poor to obey Orders, made by Justices of the Peace, for the speedy Relief of impotent and necessitous Poor: And that Mr. Symons, Mr. Cornezvall, Mr. George Onfiow, the Lord Gxrysfort, Mr. Foley, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Bankcs. and Sir John Philipps, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Bagot, now called Charles Chester, and his Sons, to take the Surname of Chester; and for carrying an Agreement, therein mentioned, into Execution, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wlr.Jarrit Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill forenlarging the TermsandPowers of Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for making the said Act more effectual; and the other passed in the 2 zd Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuingTwo Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the loth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, and the other passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act, and for making the said Acts more effectual, and also for repairing other Hoads therein mentioned; and for making all the said Acts more effectual; and for repair ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Commission appointing the Lord Tyrawley Governor of Gibraltar.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Plan of the new Works made at Gibraltar, by Order of the Lord Tyrawley, late Governor there, and also a Plan of the Fortifications at Gibraltar in general. '

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money, which have been issued, and to whom paid, by the Receiver General of his Majesty's Revenues at Gibraltar, by virtue of Orders from the Lord Tyrawley, late Governor there.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty *s mo.ft honourable Privy Council.

Ordered,

Hamftcrly,

&c.

Inclosur#.

Poor

Relief*

Bagot’*

Name.

Gloucester,

Sec.

Roads.

Gibraltar;

Lord Tyra ley’s Commissioti.

Works at Gibraltar.

3i Geo. II. 22° — 2$° 167

If-' OrderedThat Colonel Skinner, his Majesty’s chief

4 Engineer, do, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, attend the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Account of the Charge of the several Works carried on at Gibraltar, between 1 July 1756 and 30 November 1757, by the particular Order of the late Governor, the Right honourable the Lord Tyraio-ley; together with the Paper, intituled, "Report and Observations — " Gibraltar 1758."

Ordered, That Major General Napier do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Colonel Watson do attend the said

Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That the Lord Tyrawley do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Turnpike A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Koads. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Preservation of the Turnpike Roads, by preventing the . carrying of excessive Weights thereon;

It passed in the Negative.

and*1* Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a Committee be

Measures. aPP^nte<l to enquire into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom: and to consider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion of the moil effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Caiysfort, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Tozvnfhend, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Fuller, Lord Strange, Mr. Nor they, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Alderman BecJcford, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Mack-«/f, Mr. West, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bagot, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. More, Sir John Turner, Mv.Fellozves, S\c Henry Erskine, Mr. Moore, M r. Chetzvynd, Mr. Page, Lord George Sack-ville, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. OJzoald, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Foley, Lord Dunca-non, Mr. Trift, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Charles Tozmfhend, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Grenville, Mr. San-dyst, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Rowney, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Butler, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Simons, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Pye, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gajhiy, Sir William Calvert: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and they have Power toadjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they flia.ll think fit; and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Importation The Bill to admit the free Importation of Cattle from from^Ireland ^re^anc^> for a Time to be limited, was, according to Or-# der, read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.^ 52.

Tellers for the Noes, } 46*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed te a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the said Bill.

Settlement The other Orders of the Day being read;

of . Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act,made Ibdwture. ’n the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for thebetter Explana-Vol. 28.

tion and supplying the Defects of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor, so far as the same relates to Apprentices gaining a Settlement by Indenture, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning*

Resolved, That this House will. Upon this Day Fort- Supply, night, resolve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort- Ways night,resolve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, and ^cani. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty*

Resolved, That this House will, To-m6rrovv Morning, Electors of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of the Bill to obviate any Doubts that 1 e' may arise concerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England; and for further regulating the Proceedings at the Elections of such Knights of the Shire.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 30 die Martii;

Anno 310 Georgii II-1 Regis, 1758.

Praters.

THE Lord Royfion presented to the House, accord- Wicken* ing to Order, a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in thelfle of Ely and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant Ouse, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the hard lands of JJleham, Fordham, Soham, and Wicken; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to WeWmfter whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more ef- Constables, fectual, an Act, passed in the 29 th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the-City and Liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances and other Offences within the said City and Liberty; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, That some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be recommitted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Bill for confirming and establishing certain Arti- Withweftoa cles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open nc 0 ur* common Fields, in the Parish of Edithzvefon, in the County of Rutland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Brudenell, Mr. Fane, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fellozoes, Mr. Cartwright, M r. Bacon, Si r Cordel Firebrace, M r. Nor they9 Mr. Olmius, Mr. Townshend, Lord Royfion, Mr. More,

Sir John Turner, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Cust, Mr. Thoro* ton, Mr. Walter, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bayntun,

Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Shelley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Boone, Mr. Wigley, Mr.

Bagot, General Comiwallis, Mr. Townshend, Sir Edward

Turner*

iC

168

Tnmtrf Mr. Jennings, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Powell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Harris, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Smith, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Cadogan, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Wilkes, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Yorke, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Delaval; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Rutland, Leicester, Northampton, Lincoln, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Meetingi of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for undwcertain aM°w'n£ a father Time for holding the First Meetings Act*. n Commissioners or Trustees, for putting in Execution certain Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament: And that Sir John Turner, Mr. Northey, and the Lord Royston, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Exeter An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more

P°or. effectual, an Act, passed in the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. I. 39. To Leave out " and."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there.

Ordered, That Mr. John Walter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

Cirencester The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Read. for repeaiing f0 much of the Ad oT the 15th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Ci-rencester Town's End to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, as directs, that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Hamlets therein named shall pass Toll-free; and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Cirencester to the Town’s End there; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Encouraging Mr. Hanger reported from the Committee, to whom thf th to encourage the Growth and Cultivation of

a cr* Madder in this Kingdom, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Northleigh Ordered, That Sir Robert Ladhroke, Sir William Cal-Inclosure. vert, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Ward, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, S\r John HindeCotton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields^ called *5

A. \ 758.

Northleigh Common Fields, and a Common or Waste, called Northleigh Heath, within the Parish or Towtiship of Northleigh, in the County of Oxford, is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Settlement Consideration the Report from the Committee of the of . whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made PPr^ncei in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and indenture. Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation and supplying the Defects of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor, so far as the same relates to Apprentices gaining a Settlement by Indenture,u;a3 committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Jaft Amendment, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last; Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill was read a Second time.

A Message, by Mr. 2uarme. Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Cora- j>oyni Afl-cni million for declaring his Royal Assent to several Acts, to agreed upon by both Houses, do deli re the immediate Bilk* Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at* the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, bad been at the House of Peers:

Where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to several pi^blic and private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, the Lo.rd Presidentof the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, and the Lord Privy Seal; and the Duke of Dorset, named also in the said Commission; did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as follow'dh; viz.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a

Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Serv ice of the Year 1758; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be assessed upon Somerset House in the Strand; and for rectifying a Mistake in the said Act; and for allowing further Time to the Receivers of certain Aids for setting Injuper for Monies in Arrear:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent':

An Act for the more easy and speedy repairing of public Bridges within the County of Devon:

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads ii> the . Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Fyme Regis:

An Act for repairing the Road from the Village o Magor to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chepjtozo, in the County of Monmouth; and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester:

An Act for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon

An

a 30 Mar til

31 Geo. II. 230

An Act for repairing anci widening the Roads from Donning ton High Bridge to Haie drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of ffiglnft, and to Langret Fcny, in tile County of Lincoln:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted bj’ an Act of Parliament, passed in the 24th Year of his

{►refent Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Ajwers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from lFoodfock; through Kiddingion and EnJloneAo Rollright Lone, and jEnjloio Bridge, to Kiddington aforesaid; and for making the said Act more effectual:

An Act for repairing the high Road leading from Brent Bridge, i n the County of Devon, to Gttjking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County: An Act to amend an Act, passed in the lull Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the River of Tham&S, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Iiill, to theoppofite Shore, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for ascertaining and collecting the Poor’s Rates, and for better regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for transferring certain South Sea Annuities, (lading in the Name of the late Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches, unto the respective Rectors of Eight of those Churches; and for vest-ingoertain Sites for Churches, purchased by thesaidCom-jnilfKmers, in Trnftees, in order to sell the same, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable George Amy and and John Anthony Rucker of London, Merchants, Agents for the Embden East India Company, to sell and dispose of the Cargo of the Ship the Prince Ferdinand of Prussia, to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Andies; and to enable the said United Company to pur-.chafe, land, fell, and dispose of, the fame, or any Part thereof; and to im power the said George Amy and and John Anthony Rucker to make lnfurances upon the said Ship and Cargo:

An Act to enable Mary Woollett, Spinster, notwithstanding her Infancy, upon her Marriage with Robert Mead XVibnot Esquire, to settle and convey her F.state and Interest in certain Messuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, and in Two several Sums of Two thousand Pounds and Three hundred Pounds, to the Uses in certain Articles of Agreement mentioned: An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Godfrey Wentworth Esquire with Dorothea Pilkington his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Walies or Commons, called Brancepeth and StocMey Moors or Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Brancepeth, in the County of Durham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields in Great Glen, in the County of Leicester, called the Upper or North End Fields, and all the common Pastures, common Meadows, and common and walle Grounds, within the same Fields:

' An Act for naturalizing George Clifford.

House this Day, adjourn till Monday Sevennight, the Third Day of April next.

A Petition of Charles Dingleu, of London, Merchant; Exportation was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth. That; oi Cu*n)-since the late Earthquake at Lisbon, several Cargoes of Culm have been exported from Wales to the Kingdom of Portugal, to be there used in the burning or calcining 6f Lime, for the better and more speedy rebuilding of the said City of Lisbon; and that the same Duties have been taken for the Exportation of Culm, as by Law are charged on the Exportation of Coals, though those Commodities differ greatly in Value; and alleging, that the Petitioner cannot find any Statute whereby any Duty is charged on the Exportation of Culm to foreign Parts; and that the Exportation of Culm to Portugal, for the burning or calcining of Lime there, will be of great Benefit to the said Kingdom, as the same will greatly contribute towards the speedy and more effectual rebuilding of the said City; and the vend 1 ng of so 1 arge a Quantity of Culm, as muff necessarily be used for the Purposes aforesaid, will be of great Benefit to this Kingdom; and that if the same Duties, as are chargeable on the Exportation of Coals, ilia.ll continue to be taken on the Exportation of Culm, the Price thereof will be so far enhanced, that the future Exportation of Culm to Portugal will totally be prevented, and the whole Benefit arising therefrom mult be loft to the Inhabitants of Lisbon, as well as to this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take this Mat* ter into Consideration, and to make such Provision therein, as to the House shall appear to be just and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the Whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 3d Dav of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That An<W their Addrefl’es of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be 10 Addrelfc# graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Plans and for i>aPers* Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, h&d been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House,

That he will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account count of what Arrears of Land Taxes were (landing out of at Lady-day last, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Electors

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of consider further of the Bill to obviate any Doubts that mayarife concerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that part of Great Britain called England; and for further regulating the Proceedings at the Elections of such Knights of the Shire; be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuejaay Seven-night, the 4th Day of April next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Settlement Then the last Amendment, made by the Committee of of the whole House, to the Bill to amend an Act, made in Apprentices t[ie Xhird Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Indenture. Mary, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation, and supplying the Defects, of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor, so far as the same relates to Apprentices gaining a Settlement by Indenture, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the

Vol. 28.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Militi*. whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was

X x directed


Leeds

Waggon-

way.

Trent

River

Bridge*

Gibraltar;

Loid

Tyrawley’s

Commission.

Bagot’s

Name.

170 23° Martii. — f A> 1758.

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 5th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the tloufe adjourned till Monday Seven-night, the 3d Day of April next, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Curzon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fane, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bold, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hewett, Mr Walter, Mr. Pitt, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Moore, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lewis, Lord North, Mrt Gibbons, Sir John Wynne, Mr. George Onjloiv, Admiral Griffin, Mr. West, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Delava I, Lord Veniey, Mr. Lee, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Grey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Stafford, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lunce, 30 die;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdi.Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

jQ RDERED, That Mr. Edzcard ‘Montagu, Mr*. Staun- ton, ‘Mr. George Brudenell, Lord Veniey, Mr. James Brudenell, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Robert Brudenell, Mr. Bacon,'Mr. lDmvnay, Mr. Delavalibea!(\ded to the'Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing Agreements made between Charles Brandling Esquire and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a Waggon Way, in order the better to serve the Town aittfNeighboufhoodof Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals, is committed.

A Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Trent, at or hear a Place called Wilden Ferry, was read a Second time.

" Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Venables ’Vernon, Mr. Venables Vernon junior, Mr. Bagot, Sir WiU Ham Owen, Mr. Fane, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Wil-kinfon, Mr. Simons, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Ridley,‘Sir Charles Mordauvt, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Cartivright, Mr. Ky-ndfton, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. More, Sir Willoughby Aston,

M r. Hardinge, Sir Edmund Isham, M r. FeUowes,^>\r Francis Poole, *Mr. 7 hnroton, Mr. Grey, M r. Bidler, M r. Gore, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Lyjter, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Lockyer, M r. Itmoney. Lord Strange, M r. Moore, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Hume, Sir Mat there Lambe, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Lord George Cavern!ish, Mr. Bacon, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Asheton Curzon, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Olrnius, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Hill, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Pitt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Leicester, Nottingham, Chester, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, That Mr. Wood, from the Office of One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

APaper, intituled, " Copy of the Commission appointing Lord Tyrawley Governor of Gibraltar And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Bagot, now called Charles Chester, and his Sons, to take the Surname of Chester; and for carrying an Agreement, therein mentioned, into Execution; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cart-wright%S\v Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Clayton, Mr. More, Mr. Chester, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. 7 horoton, Mr. Lyjter, Mr. Ridley, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bankes, Lord Barrington, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Rowney, Sir Roger Neivdigate, Mr. Asheton

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Singleton for veiling the Forests and Manors of Singleton and Churl- Charlton ton, and other Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Here- Forests. ditaments, in the Counties of Sussex and Wilts, in Trustees and their Heirs, upon the Trulls therein mentioned, freed and discharged from the Estates, Uses, and Trulls, to which the same are at present subject; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ellis,

Lord Powerfcourt, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. William Hamilton, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Fisher, Lord Bateman, Mr. James'Brudenell, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Robert Brudenell, Lord Digby, Mr. George Brudenell, Mr.

Campbell junior, Mr. Filzrvilliam, Lord George Bentinck,

Mr. Bacon, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Probyn, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Mabbott, Lord Shelburn, Mr. Bayntyrt,

Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Poore,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Popham, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bagot,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Fane, Mr. Wilkinjbn, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Bozves, Mw George Onslow, Mr. Fanshaw,

Sir John Ru/hout, Mr. Sandys, Lord Villiers, Mr. Fox

Mr. Edgecumbe, Mr. Medlycott, General Waldegrave,

Mr. Smith, General Conway, Mr. Hume, Colonel John Campbell, Mr. Barry, General Cormvallis, Mr. Lewis,

Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Willoughby Aston,

Mr. Lowndes, Sir William Owen, Mr. Ongley, Lord Veniey, Mr. Lejlie, Sir John Gordon, Mr., Colebrooke, .

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Cadogan, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Waller,

Sir William Meredith, Mr. Cholmley; and all the Merru-bers who serve for the Counties of Sussex, Wilts, Southampton, and Surrey: And they are to meet this After* noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Lord John Cavendish, Lord Dun- Sheffield cannon, Mr. Coventry, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Cooke, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, over the High Moors, to Hathersage, and over Mytham Bridge, to Sparrozo-pit Gate, in the County of Derby; and from the Guide Post, at or near Barber Fields Cupola, over the High Moors, and Grinr dlcforth Bridge, and over Tidjwell Moor, to Buxton, in the Co uuty of Derby; is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Burges, late his Majesty’s Receiver Works at <Jeneral at Gibraltar, do, upon Thursday Morning next, Gibraltar, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Account of the Charge of the several Works carried on at Gibraltar, between 1 Jidy 1756 and 30 November 1757, by the particular Order of the late Governor the Right honourable the Lord Tyraw-ley; together with the Paper, intituled, " Report and " Observations----- Gibraltar 1758."

A Petition of Sir Thomas Peyton Baronet, Owner and Chatteris Proprietor of certain Fen Lands or low Grounds, in the &c. Parish of Doddington, in the Ijlt of Ely, in the County ,^raina^; dF Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; alteging, That the Petitioner is informed, that a Bill is depending in the House, for drainingand preserving certain Fen Lands, low Grounds, and Commons, in tire Parish of Chatteris and Doddington, in the Ijle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and that the Petitioner apprehends his Ellate and Fen Lands will be grealy injured ihoutd the said Bill pass into a Law: And therefore pray-

ing,

Gloucester,

&c.

Roads.

Importation of Hides from Ireland.

Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

31 Geo. IT. 30 Aprilis. ini

in g, ‘That the Petitioner may be heard by himself, or COunfd, against such Parts of the said Bill as assess the Petitioner; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief.in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of tlVe Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed And that the Petitioner be heard by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks lit.

A Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers oFTwo Atfsof Parliament, one palfed in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted b v ah A&; passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester t,o Stone, and other Roads therein'mentioned, and for making the said Act mofe 'effectual; and the other, palfed in the 2 2d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing Two Acts of ParliamentjtlVe’one palfed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty1 King George the First, for . amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, and the other palfed in the 4th Year of the 1 Of his'present. Majesty, to explain and anfteha the fanie Ad, arid Tor nlaking the said Acts more’effectual, fehd kWo ’for repkirfhg other Roacte therein me nti dried; fen’d fdr'rrfaking alfthe said Atistebre effectual; and for Repairing, Widening, and keeping ih Repair, feverkl dther Rokds; Was re&d a Second time.

Refolded, Thkt the Bill be committed to Mr’ jarrit Sbiith, Mr* Bdnkes, Mr. Fane, s Mr. Chester, Mr. Nit-gSrit, Mr. Caitioright, Mr. More, Mr. Gore, Mr.1Ridley, Sir Edmund IfhamFMv. Bagot, Mr. Wilkinjoh, Mr. Fid-ler, Mr. Choi why, My. Fell owes. Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Laf-celles, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Bold, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Seniors, Mr. Colleton, Mr,. Bowes, Sir John Gordon, Mr. If ante, Mr. WilkVs} Mr. Iiewett, Sir ‘Chdrles Mordaunt, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Gybbbn, Mr. Thoroton, Sir John Cu/l, Air, Berkeley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ri'obyn, S\ r Robert Hildyard, Mr. Day Ward, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bayntxin, Mr. Ix)ckyer, Mr. iTrifl, Sir; John Morgan, Mr. Alderman Beckjord,’Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Thomas Fane, Mr. West-paling, Mr. Brildehell, Mr. Delava I, Mr. Lee, Mr. Cur-zon, Mr. Leftie, Mr. George Onslow; and all the Members who for Ve for thve Counties of Gloucrfter, Somerset, O.tford, Hereford, Wilts, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants, Dealers in Leather, and Tanners of the City of Chester, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners haveobserved, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in totake off the Duties now payable on the Importation of raw Hides and Skills into Great Britain from Ireland; and representing the good ChnfequenOes Which the Petitioners apprehend would arise, i n case t he Exportation of raw Hides and Skins from If eland to foreign Parts waS prohibited: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Exportation Of raw Hide's and Skins from Ireland to all Parts, except Great Britainmay be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Dealers in Leath^, £nd Tan tiers Of the City of Chester, and Places adjacent, was prefehted to the Hoilfe, and read; alleging* That the Petitioners have observed that a Bill is ordered in to give Leave to import live Cattle from Ireland into this Kingdom; and representing to the House many good Effects, which the Petitioners allege will arise therefrom: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Vol. 28.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to perm it the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, for a Time to be limited, is committed.

A! r. Wilkespresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for giving further Time to Trustees therein named, to execute certain Trusts veiled in them in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder, in Fee, of several L^ds in Ireland, in Trustees, in order to Tell the same to Protestant Purchasers: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords,intituled, An Act to enable John Earl of Egmont, in the Kingdom'of Ireland\ to raise. Money for purchasing Lands in Great Britain, for the Purposes of his Marriage Settlement, by Mortgage, mile ad of Sale, of Part of his Irish Estate, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Sir Francis Boole, Mr. "Kynaston, Mr. GybbSy, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Alderman Betkfofd, jSir John Ctijl, Mr. Saridys, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. BoWes, Mr. Chester, Mr.'Rice, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ryder, Sir FLcnfy Orgy, Mr. Powell, Mr. Lyster, Mr. More, JsHr. Westfalbtg, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Bagot, Mr.. Wil/cmfon, Mi*. Newnflam, Lord. George Cavendish, Mr. Nor they, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Foley, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Brudenell, Mr.. Delaval, Mr. Fellozves, 'Mr. Colleton, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bayniuk, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Hill, Mr. Duffe, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gibbons, Air. 'Finch, Sir William Owen, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Pitt, Mv. Chetzvynd, Air. llezoett, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Ilume, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Thomas Clavering, Lord Villiers; and all the Members wh6 serve for the Counties of Somerset and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. BozveSySir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Sandys. Sir John Cust, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Jilin Philipps, Mr. Bacon, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Iiewett, Atr. Gybbon, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Cornezvalt, Mr. Pelham. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Shelley, My. Wilkes, Mr. Ryder, Sir Edzoard Walpole, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. More, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bayhtun, Mr. Vernon, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Lewis, Lord John Cavendifti, Mr. Duffle, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Kynaftoix, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Nor-they, Sir Edmund Iflidm, Mr. Hume, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Rowell, Mr. West, Mr. Morgan, Lord George Bentinck, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Curzon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, Kent3 and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That, this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Charles Dingley, of London, Merchant.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Plunkett's and Knox’s E Rates.

Earl of Egmont’s Estate.

Brixton Small Debts.

Exportation of Culm.

40 Aprilis. . 1758.

Martisy 40 die Aprilts \

Anno 310 Georgii IF* Regis; 1758.

Prayers.

feoddin^ton A BILLfor dividing andinclosing the commoriFieldc,

Indofurt. J\ con[imon Pastures, common Meadows, common \ G rounds, Heaths, and Waste G roiind, of Upper Sodding-ton and Imoer Boddinglon, within the Parirfi of Upper Boddinglon> in the County of Northampton; and for settling a Rate or certain annual Sum of Money to be paid in lieu of the Tythes of certain old Inclosures within the said Parish; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cart-ioright, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. OJwafd, Mr. Coven-tryb Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Alderman Diciinfon, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Thoroton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Smith, Mr. Corneivall, Mr. Medlycott. Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Felloxpes, Mr. Whichent, Mr. More, Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Hardinge; Sir Willoughby Afion, Mr. Bagot, Sir William Owen, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Simons, Mr. Grove, Mr. Romney, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Walter, Mr. Budgen, Lord George Manners, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Toumjhend, Lord George Bent inch, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Hai/zvard, Mr, Gore, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Lee, Mr. Harris, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Rice, Mr. Wilkes, Admiral Griffin, Lord Shelburne, Mr. West, Mr. Yorke, Mr. J^ewis, Mr. Foley, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Cor del Firebract, Mr. Offlexj, Mr. Greii, Mr. Martin, Mr. Delaval, Mr.

’ Gybbon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Flintshire Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Flint, in the room of Sir Thomas MoJltjn Baronet, deceased.

Works at The House being informed. That Mr. Burges, Re-

Gibraltar. ceiver General of his Majesty’s Revenues in Gibraltar, attended at the Door;

He was called in -, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, and to whom paid, by the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Revenues in Gibraltar, by virtue of Orders from the Lord Tyrawlcy, late Governor there. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the Hous^.

The said Account is preservd amongst the other

Papers of this Section.

1Y 4 Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their

lU0, Address to his Majesty,

N° 1. Plan of the Peninfulaand City of Gibraltar.

2. Plan of the Line Wall from North to South , Bastion, as altered by Lord Tyrawlcy — Gibraltar 1757.

3. Plan of the Princess of Wales's Line, Xc. eiefted by Order of Lord Tyrazvley — Gibralter 1757.

4. Profiles of the Princess of Wales's Line, Xc. 8Cc. Gibraltar.

.5. Plan of the new Works at the Rojia Ground — Gibraltar 1757.

6. A Plan of the additional Works near the new Mole, Gibraltar 1757.

7. A Plan-and Profile of Prince Edward's Battery, Gibraltar.

8. Plan and Section of the new Magazine, above the Red Sands, Gibraltar 1757.

q. Plan of Lady Louisa's Battery at Europa. Gibraltar 1757.

N° 10. Plan of the Powder Magazine adjoining to the Eight Gun Battery — Gibraltar 1757.

11. Plan of the Part of North Bastion, done by Lord Tyrawlcy, Gibraltar 1757.

12 Plan of Hanover Battery and Li neat Gibraltar.

13. Plan, Elevation, and Profiles, of the Queen’s Battery, Gibraltar.

14. Plans, Elevations, and Sections, of the Wooden Barracks, near Water Port, Gibraltar 1757.

15. Plan, Elevation, and Section, of the Wooden Barracks in the Shot Yard, Gibraltar 1757.

16. Plan, {hewing the Situation of the Wooden Barracks near South Port, with the new Road to the Flat Bastion, Gibraltar 1757.

17. Plan of the Wooden Barracks near South Port - — Gibraltar 1757.

18. Section through the Eight Gun Battery. Together with a Lilt of the said Plans, Profiles, and

Section.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Plans, Profiles, and Section, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Monday the 20th Day of March last, for the House to resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon Thursday Morning next, to consider of the Account of the Charge of the several Works carried on at Gibraltar, between 1 July 1756, and 30 November 1757, by the particular Order of the late Governor the Right honourable the Lord Tyrazvley; together with the Paper, intituled, " Report and Observations — Gibraltar 1758/' might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. RefolvcdfYh&lthis House will, upon Thu?fday Seven-night, the 13th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Account and Paper.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who have been ordered to attend the said Committee upon Thursday Morning next, do attend the said Committee upon Thursday Seveunight, the 13th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel William Amott do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Captain John Innis, of the Artillery Regiment, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Captain Francis Boivyer do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Captain John Strahan do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Captain William Hotham do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Captain Jervis Maplefton do attend the said Committee at the same time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Waple, and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for carryingintoExecution several Contrafts made by, or on behalf of, James late Lord Bulkeley, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in his Life-time, for the Sale of several Lands and Tenements in the County of Anglesey, and for ap-plying the Purchase Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in William Read Esquire, and his Heirs, several intailed Estates in th* County of York, in order that the same may be fold; and for the settling another Estate in the said County of York to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The

Works at Gibraltar.

Lord

Buikeley’s

Estates.

Read’s

Estates.


J i Geo. IL 4 p dprXis. 173

The House being informed. That Mr. Tomkyns, from of the said Town, by which means many Frauds may the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the be committed: And,;

Door; An Abstract of the Amount of the Dirty of Two

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presentfcd to the Ponies -Sorts upon Beer brewed and vended within the House, pursuant to their Order, said Town and Liberties, for Five Years previous to.

An Account of the Quantity of Cordivant Skins im* and for Four Years since, erecting the said Brewery, ported into England, from Christmas 1749, to 5th Ja- was produced; whereby it appeared, That, in the Year nuary 1757; distinguishing each Year: 1749, the Duty was £.145, and, in the Year 1757,

Together with a Special Return, with respect to an amounted 'only to the Sum of £.€5.

Account of the Quantities of foreign Tanner’s Bark David Boman Esquire confirmed the Evidence given imported into this Kingdom, from the 24th Day of by Mr. Fcrgvfon.

June, 1750, to the 24th Day of June 1757; distinguisit- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ing eachYear; and also, with respect to an Account of continue an Act, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of the Drawbacks that have been paid upon Leather his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty inauufactured or unmauufactured, re-exported out of of Two Penies Scots, or one Sixth-part of a Peny this Kingdom, from the 24th Day of June 1750, to the Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which 24th Day of Juneiy^y; diltingui thing the inauufactured thafl be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, from the unmanufactured Leather, and distinguishing within the Town of Kirkaldy and Liberties thereof; each Year; which, upon the 21st Day of March iaft, and to render the said Act more effectual, by extending were ordered to be laid before this House. the same to the East Miln Lands belonging to the prime

And then he withdrew. Guild Box within the Borough of Kirkaldy: And that

And the Title of the said Account was read. Nlv.Ojioctld and Mr. Haldane do prepare, and bring in.

And the said Return was also read. the fame.

Ordered, That the said Account do Ire upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferyed among ft die other . Papers of this Session.

Helmdon Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according Inclosure. to Qr(jer> a ]$ju for dividing and inclosing the open and -common Fields in the ParHh of Helmdon, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

KirkaWr Mr. Ofioald reported from the Committee, to whom "scots"*8 Petition of the Provost, Baillies, and Town Council, of the Burgh of Kirkaldy, and George Dongal, Box-master, and Keeper of the prime Guild Box, of Kirkaldy, and David Bertie, John Black, and John Barker, Members of the said Society, Proprietors of the Eafi Mill Lands, adjoining to the said Burgh, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at tire Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; aHd is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, made in the 15th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Piut of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kirkaldy, and Liberties thereof, was read: And,

Robert Fergu/on Esquire informed your Committee, That, in consequence of the said Act, the okl Pier -of the Harbour has been extended, and a new Pier erected, so as to make a Bason, wherein Ships may lie: And, An Account of the Amount of the Duties of Two Penies Scots upon Beer brewed and vended within the said Burgh and Liberties thereof was prodticed, whereby it appeared, That the Produce of the said Duties, from June 1742, to 23d December 1757, was £.1,670, and that tire Difeudements upon the said Harbour, and other public Works, was £.2,226, lb that there is a Deficiency of £.556. And,

A State of the Town Reveivues was produced, where-by it appealed. That the Annual Revenue of the said Town, in 1758, was £.204. is. 8 d. and that the Disbursements amounted to £.262. 2.?. 3#. fb that there was a Deficiency of £.58. os. 7^/. and that there is now a Debt of £.2,1 71. 5 s. upon the said Revenues, at£.4^ per Cent.

Robert. Fergu/on Esquire, being again examined, said, That a Brewery has lately been erected near the Liberties Vol. 28.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Exportation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Culm, toconsider of the Petition of Charles Dingley, of London,

Merchant, be*now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Coal and Culm, that have been expoited out of England, from 5th January 1755, to 5th January 1757; distinguishing each Year; with the several Duties that have been paid thereon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Coal and Culm, that have been exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1754, to Christmas 1757; distinguishing each Year; with the several Duties that have been paid thereon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of^ulm exported from England, from Christmas 1747, to Christmas 1754; distinguishing each Year; together with the Amount of the Duties paid thereon; which was presented to the House upon the 23d Day of February 1756; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill to amend an Act, made in the Third Settlement Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, of intituled, An Act for the better Explanation and supply- Apprentices ing the Defects of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor, so far as the same relates to Apprentices gaining a Settlement by Indenture, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation and (applying the Defects of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor, so far as the same relates to Apprentices gaining a Settlement by Indenture; and also to im-ower Justices of the Peace to determine Differences etween Mailers and Mistresses, and their Servants, in Husbandry, touching their Wages, though fuchServants are hired for less Time than a Year.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Isham do carry^the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Y y Ordered,

1*4 4° — 50 Ap 58.

irtiph>ving Ordered* Th&fc it ie an Iuftruflion to the Committee,

®n \o whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Abt, n made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, Intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London bridge; and for rendering the same more effectual; is committed, That they do admit Counsel to he heard in favour of the said Bill ' against the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, On behalf of themselves, and others, being Owners of Barges, Lighters* and other Craft, occupied on, or navigating, the River Thames, which has been referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said (Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Electors The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a , .°,f Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Shire* the to obviate any Doubts that may arise concerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England; and for further regulating the Proceedings at the Elections of such Knights of the Shire.

' Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Corneivall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Corneivall reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto*, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read*

Affile Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to of Wffiom the Bill for the due making of Bread, and to re-Bread, fcc. gUlate the Price and Assize thereof, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Sevennight.

improvements Resolved, That this Floufe will, upon Thursday Morn-

Charing next> ref°lv^ itself into a Committee of the whole

Cross. House, to consider of the Report from the Committee,

‘ to whom the Petition of several Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of several Buildings, Houses, Grounds, and Estates, situate on the Well Side of the Street leading from Charing Cross towards his Majesty’s Palace of Whitehall; and also the Petition of the several Inha-

bitants of Charing Cross, and Parts adjacent, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed had been severally referred and to whom the Report of the Matters of the said Petitions was re-committed.

Northleigh Ofdered, That Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. ’

Inclosure. freeman, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Westfalingy Mr. Olmius, be added to the Committee, to whom the . Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, called Northleigh Common Fields, and a common or Waste, called Northleigh Heathy within the Parish or Township of Northleigh, in the County of Oxford, is: committed.

Read’s Ordered, That Mr. Cholvdcy have Leave to make a Etfafcs. Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in William Read Esquire, and his Heirs,

leVeral entailed Estates in the County otYork, in order that the same may be fold and for the settling another Estate, in the said County of York, to the like Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 50 die 5

Anno 31° Georgii IP' liegis, 17.33.

Pr A YE its.

MR. Cartwright prefenied io the House, according Woodford to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the inclosure. common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds* and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Woodford, otherwise llatfe Woodford, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for carrying into Execution several Contracts made by, Bulkeley#» or on behalf of, James late Lord Bulekleij, in the King- 1 alcs* dom of Irelandin his Life-time, for the Sale of several Lands and Tenements in the County of Angiefey, and for applying the Purchase-money to discharge Incumbrances affebting the same; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Major General CurnivaUis prefenied to the House* ad* Weflininster cording to Order, a Bill for ellabliffiing a free Market, Corn

for the Sale of Corn and Grain, w ithin the City and Li- Market,

berty of Wefm infer; and for regulating the Sale of Hay and Straw within the said City or Liberty: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, Tliftt the Bill be read a Second t’the*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Waple and Mr. ttolford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ail AS Office* zrA to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them- lmPlo>mcmw felvesfor Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Pur poles, and the filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clerkship; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrevy.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prtvcntit^ ascertain the Weight every Truss of Straw, brought or Frauds offered for Sale within the City of landau, or any Places w fellmj comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall travk* contain, and to punish Deceits in the Sale of Flay and Straw, within the Limits aforesaid: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Crosse, Major General Cornwallis, Mr. Hammond, and Sir Robert Ladbroke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Downe presented to the House, according CalJr to Order, a Bill for extending the present Navigation of Navigation the River Calder up to Brookfmouth, in the Parish of Halifax; and for making navigable the River Hcbble,

Halig, or Halifax Brooke, from thence up to Salter Hebble Bridge, near the Town of Halifax; and also for further extending the Navigation of the said River Calder, from Brookfmouth aforesaid, to Sower by Bridge, in the said Parish: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Crafier presented to the House, according to Or- ChriflTan der, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re- or<i pair, the Roads leading from Christian Malford Bridge, Rr^e

in the County of Wilts, to Shillingford Gate, in the County of Berks; and also from Swindon to Lyddenton Wall, in the said County of Witts: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to Newioc whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Newton Moorov Ldofun

Newton

3i Geo. II. tj Aprilis. ij$

Xezcton Common, Within the Manor of Newtozi cum Bcn-ningbroughjn the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Sill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Thomas Lun, who is possessed of One Cottage, and a small Quantity of Land, of about 10 or 12/. per Annum, who refused to sign the Articles: and also except Roger Barker, an Infant, who is possessed of One Cottage only, whose Guardian, being applied to, said hedid notchufetosign for the Child, but has signed the Articles for himself; and that no Per fort appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed-him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed. That some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to w horn the same was committed.

Ele£or» Mr. -(Jornewall, according to Order, reported from

of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

the^Shire^ °^)V*at'e any Doubts that may arise concerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England; and for further regulating the Proceedings at the Elections of such Knights of the Shire; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and', upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Wllnecote A Bill for confirming and establishing Articles of

Indofore. Agreement for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields, within the Manor of Wilnecotc, in the County of Wanvick i and also for erecting and working One or more Fire Engine or Fire Enginesfbr the more effectual draining the Coal Minefc in the said Manor; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thynne, Mr. Chester, Mr. Foley, Mr. Daronay, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkinfun, Mr. Townjfhend, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Barbor, Lord Villiers, Mr. San dps. Lord Carijsfort, Mr. Henry Vernon, Mr. Cartxoright, Mr. Thornton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. RidleifsSir John Cxijt, Mr. Bankes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bacon, Mr. George Onjlozv, Mr. Moly-vcitx, Mr. Ohmius, Mr. Hezoeit, Sir William Owen, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Alderman Dick* infon, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Shirley, General Cornwallis, Mr. Smith, M r. Gybbon, Mr. Trijl, Sir Willoughby A ft on, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gajhry, Mr, Simons, Mr* Wilkes, Mr. Probyn, Lord Dozcne, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Walter, Mr. Amcotts, Lord Digby, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Budgen, Lord Powerfcourt, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Crcjje, Mr. Hanger, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Pye, Mr. Gore, Mr. Tuck field, Mr. Chetwynd, M. Thistlelhxvaylc, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fellozves, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Walpole; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Wor cester, Warzvick, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five if the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Exportation Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Culm* to consider of the Petition of Charles Dingley, of London, Merchant, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read Vol. 28.

in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followethi viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That for every Chalder of Culm, Xewcajile Measure, exported to Lisbon, a Duty be paid of One Shilling, and no more. , N

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to.bring in a Bill, pur-fiiant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton,

Sir John Philipps, Sir William Owen, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Dozcne reported from the Committee, to 3eed* , whom the Bill for establishing Agreements made between Charles Brandling Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of Labels, for laying down a Waggon-Way, in order the better to serve the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com-Wtt.ee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his ‘Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, i n at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be in-grofted.

The Lord Dozcne reported frorn the Committee, to 1s^tt!e whom the Bill for establishing and confirming Articles nc urC’ of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing Two stinted Pastures or Commons, called Settle Banks High Scare and ScalebCr, within the Township of Settle, in the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of ti e Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except John Richardjbn of Knarejl borough, who had been applied to, but refused to sign the Articles, and whose interest in the Premises is Sixteen Sheep Gates, and Four Bead Gates, and that the whole Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 1048 Sheep, and 2585^ Beast Gates; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that tile Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend ments were once read [throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

The Lord Doivne reported from the Committee, to Ottrmgharn whom the Bill to confirm and establish Articles of Agree- nc 0 ment for dividing and inclosing several open and common Fields in Ottringham, in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except William Fojlerand William Taylor, who were acquainted with the intended Inclosure; and also except Robert Fairbarnc, who, for some Years, has been in a melancholy Way, and not capable of acting for himself; but that Mr. William Travis, his Nephew, and Partner in Trade, being acquainted with the intended Inclosure, said he was sure his Uncle would consent, if he was capable of answering

for

e

17 6

A. 1758.

for himfeff, as it was for his Interest; and ibat no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his PIace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: and, upon tl\e Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

on°Corn The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

exported. re^re itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Payment of the Bounty upon the Exportation of Corn, unless sold at a JowerPrice than is allowed in an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-ind next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Application and Disposal of Eight hundred Thousand Pounds, issued pursuant to the Power given by an Act, passed in the lait 0 Session of Parliament, for issuing and applying any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One Million, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-ieven, and to take all such ^leafures as might be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprises or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs might require, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1756, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia for the Year 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of'Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1757, to the 24th of June 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several ltefolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the'floufe

and Means. ref0]ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee o' the Militia, whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and enforce. An Act, made in the lall Seftiua of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair*

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House \rilI, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jfovis> 6* die Aprilis;

Anno 31* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and the rest of the Common Council of the Town and of Cattle County of the Town of Newcq/lle upon Tyne, in Com- from Ireland, mon Council assembled, was prefen ted to the House, and read; alleging, That the free Importation of Cattle and Tallow from Ireland, for a limited Time, will greatly contribute, not only to the Relief of the dif-treffed Poor in the said Town and County, and Parts adjacent, but to the Support of the Trade and Manufactures of the Kingdom in general; And therefore praying the House, That the Bills, which, as the Petitioners are informed, are depending in the House for such Importation, may pass into a Law; or that the House wiU afford such other Relief, as shall seem moll conducive to the Purposes above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, for a Time to be limited, is committed.

The Lord D&wne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, was committed. That Road, the Committee had examined the A negations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; aiuTthat the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to.report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question fieverally pat thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow, Morning.

The Lord George Cavendish reported from the Com- Bakewell mittee, to whom fc^e Bill to enlarge the Terpa and Powers to granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign . Worksop of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing *03d' the Roads from Bake'veil toChe/lerfield, in the County of Derby, and from Chcjkrfidd to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham$ and from Cheferfield to the Place where the Northed Road meets the Cheferfield Road which leads to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham -9 was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Brli, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they liad directed him to report to the House; and 18 he

1

Wicken,

&c.

Drainage.

Kirklratham

Charity.

Norris’s Estate.

Bristol

Poor.

Ottringham

udofure.

3iGeo. IL 6* April 177

he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Jjle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Caw, otherwise Grant Ovfe, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the hard Lands of Jjleham, Fordham, Soham, and Wick-cm; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Inverted Lands: was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hewett, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Huftjcy, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hume, Mr. More, Mr, Lifer, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Simmons, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Pro-byn. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Tawn/hend, Mr. George On-Jlozv, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Rozvney, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Lczcis, Mr. Finch, Mr. Gore, Mr Amcotts, Lord Danone, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gqfth-ry, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Vijner, Mr. Medlycott, Lord Harry P azole tt, Mr. ()lmu/s. Sir Cor del Fi rebrace, Mr. Curzon, Sir Roger Newdiga/e, Mr. Campbell, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Qvclyn, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Gybbon; and all the Members who serve lor the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message froiq. the Lords, by Mr. Waple and Mr.

Ilolford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the several Charities of the Hospital and Free . School at Kirkleatham, in the County of York, of the Foundation of Sir William Turner Knight, deceased, and . the Possessions rind Revenues thereunto belonging, pur-luantto the Will and Codicil of Cholmley Turner, late of Kirkleathamaforesaid, Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: Andalfo,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act; for vesting Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, settled on the Marriage of William Norris Esquire, in the said William Norris, and his Heirs; and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 18th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectu al the several Acts passed for the erecting of Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining of the Poor thereof; and for making the said Act more effectual; "was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 18th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual the several Acts passed for the erecting of Hospital9 and Workhouses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining of the Poor thereof and for making the said Act more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

‘ An ingrossed Bill to confirm and establish Articles of Vol. 28.

Agreement for dividing and inclosing several open and common Fields in Ottringham, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to confirm and establish Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing several open and common Fields in Ottringham, in the County of York.

Ordered, That the Lord Downe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charl/cm, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Rfjblved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Eight hundred Thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to discharge the like Sum raised in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, and charged upon the First Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Nine hundred and Two Pounds Five Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding* Six thousand Six hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia in the Year 1756, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Five hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Day of June 1757, to 24t^1 Day of June 1758.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Foficr Tuffiicll Esquire, with Elizabeth, Fosler his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Olmius took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Olmius reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Billand that no Counsel or Party appeared against the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of several Buildings, Houses, Grounds, and Estates, situate on the West Side of the Street leading from Charing Cross towards his Majesty’s Palace of Whitehall; and also the Petition of the several Inhabitants of Charing Crofts, and Parts adjacent, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed; had been severally referred;

Z z and

Supply.

Tuffnell's

Divorce.

Tmprovementf

at

Charing

Croft.

Militia.

Work* at Gibraltar*

Ditto.

rkleatham

Charity,

178 70

and to whom the Report of the Matters of the said Petitions was re-committed;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly, That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, that Captain Jervis Ma-pleston do, upon Thursday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Account of the Charge of the several Works carried on at Gibraltar, between 1 July 1756, and 30 November 1757, by the particular Order of the late Governor the Right honourable the Lord Tyrawley; together with the Paper, intituled, " Report and Obfer-u vations — Gibraltar 1758;" might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Mr. Northey have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Major Thomas Flighty of the Royal Artillery Regiment, do, upon this Day Sevennight, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Account of the Charge of the several Works carried on at Gibraltar, between 1 July 1756, and 30 November 1757, by the particular Order of the late Governor the Right honourable the Lord Tyrawley; together with the Paper, intituled, " Report " and Observations — Gibraltar 1758."

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the several Charities of the Hospital and Free School at Kirkleatham, in the County of York, of the Foundation of Sir William Turner Knight, deceased, and the Possessions and Revenues thereto belonging, pursuant to the Will' and Codicil of Cholmley Turnery late of Kirkleatham aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till To-morow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

r

Aprilis. 1758.

Veneris, 70 die Apr His;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdJ Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Merchants, Dealers in Lea- Importation ther, and Tanners, of the Cifv of Glasgoxv, arid Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; ron* rclaw,‘ alleging, That the Petitioners have observed, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in, to take off the Duties now payable on the Importation of raw Hides and Skins into Great Britain from Ireland; and representing the good Consequences which the Petitioners apprehend would arise, in case tire Exportation of raw Hides and Skins from Ireland to foreign Parts was prohibited:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Exportation of raw Hides and Skins from Ireland to all Parts, except Great Britain, may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, p«or who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the more effectual compelling of Overseers of the Poor to obey Orders, made by Justices of the Peace, for the speedy Relief of impotent and necclfitous Poor, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for explaining the Laws with regard to the Power of Justices of the Peace, to order Relief on sudden and emergent Occasions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Leeds, the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the &c. Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road ^oad* from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, were Severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, one of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to old Stratford whom the Bill for making more effectual Four several to Acts of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign Dunchjrch of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the Eleventh Year of oa the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Tenth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, respectively, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charlton nrefented to the House, according to Aportation Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of the Exportation ot Culm> of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portugal: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for themore effectuallyManning of his Majesty's Manning Navy, and for preventing Defcrtion from the same; as the NaT?

also

Encouraging the Growth of Madder#

E left ors of

Knights of the Shire.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Militia.

Importation of Hides from Ireland.

31 Geo. II. of — io°

*79

also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships and Vessels in the Merchants Service; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Hotife will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, the 18 th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

An ingossed Bill to encourage the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in this Kingdom, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to encourage the Growth and Cultivation of Madder, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanger do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill to obviate any Doubts that may arise concerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England; and for further regulating the Proceedings at the Elections of such Knights of the Shire; be read the Third time, upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 10° die \

Anno 310 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

P* AYERS.

A PETITION of the Merchants, Dealersin Leather, find Tanners, of the City of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have observed, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in, to take off the Duties now payable on the Importation of raw Hides and Skins into Great Britaiyi from Ireland; and representing many Advantages, which the Petitioners allege would arise, if the large Quantities of raw Hides and Skins, which are yearly exported from Ireland to foreign Parts, were to be tanned in Great Britain or Ireland: And therefore praying the House to take the Preraifes into Considera-Vol. 28.

tion, and that the Exportation of few Hides and Skins from Ireland to all Parts, except Great Britain, may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for extending the present Navigation of the River Colder up to Brookfmouth, in the Parish of Halifax; and for making navigable the River Hebble, Halig, or Halifax Brooke, from thence up to Salter Hebble Bridge, near the Town of Halifax; and also for further extending the Navigation of the said River Colder, from Brookfmouth aforesaid, to Sowerby Bridge, in the said Parish; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Downe, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Affleck, the Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. Bold, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Med-lycott, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Morton, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hewett, Sir Ludozvick Grant, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Rice, Mr. Westfaling, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Hammond, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr*- Vyner, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Thistlethwayte, Mr, Simmons, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Trijt, Mr. Rayntun, Mr. Harbord, Mr. fVigley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come are to have Voices.

Mr. Ellis reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Forestsand Manors of Singleton and Charlton, and other Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Sufflex and Wilts, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon the Trulls therein mentioned, freed and discharged from the Estates, Uses, and Trulls, to which the same are at present subject; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment s And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, in the Parish of Hcbndon, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. JVigley, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bold, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Waltei', Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Gore, Mr. More, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Cordel Fire-brace, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Howard, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Thistlethwayte, Lord Downe, Mr. Jeffreys, Sir John Turner, Mr. Simons, Sir Ludowick Grant, Mr. Trift, Mr. George On-Jlow, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Affleck, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Duffle, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Vyner junior; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwkk, Lincoln, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-re6tions, that there be laid before this House, the last Accounts received by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, from any Commander or Commanders of his Majesty’s Ships of War, stationed on the Coall of Africa, giving an Account of the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, since those received from Captain Weller, of his Majesty’s Ship Assistance.

Ordered,

Calder

Navigation.

Singleton and Charlton I ForcIU.

Htlmdon

Inclosiue.

African Forts and Settlement.


180 ' 10° 2

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

African Forts Ordered, That the Copies of several Papers laid before

and the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, on the Settlements. 20th and 26th June 1753, in Support of the Allegations of the Reprefeutations of the Merchants of Bristol and Liverpool trading to Africa, complaining of the Trade carried on by the Officers of the said Company for Negroes at the several Forts upon the Coast of Africa, and of the other irregular Proceedings of the said Officers; which were presented to the House upon the 12th Day of February 1755; and also,

The Extract of a Letter from Captain Buckle, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the AJiJlance, to Mr.

Clevland, Secretary of the Admiralty, dated in Anna-.maboe Road, the 19th of February 1752, so far as f-elates to his Negociations with the People of Anna-maboe in the Year 1752; which wras presented to the House upon the 13th Day of February 1755; be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to consider of the several Papggs, Reports, Surveys, and Drawings, relating to the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa: And that they do examine the said Papers and Letter; and state the Matters therein contained, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

Norris’s An ingrossed Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eitate. for veiling Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, settled on the Marriage of William Norris Esquire, in the said William Norris, and his Heirs; and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lc?ofurfk ^ir Edward Turner reported from the Committee, to nc0 urc* whom the Bilffor dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, called Northleigh Common Fields, and a Common or Waste, called Northleigh Heath, within the Parish or Township of Northleigh, in the County of Oxford, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given 'their Confentto the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Estates in the said Parish, amounting to £,93 a Year, whorefufed to con- sent to the Bill; and except the Proprietors of Estates

in the said Parish, amounting to £. 10.16s. a Year, who, on being applied to, said they would not oppose the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Forty-two Cottages, who refnfed to sign the Bill; and also the Proprietors of Six Cottages, who said they had no Objection to the Bill; and that the whole annual Value of the Proprietors Estates in the said Parish amounts to £.541. 11.9. and the Number of Cottages to Sixty-nine Pounds; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be , ingrossed.

Chatteris, The Lord Royston reported from the Committee, to &c. whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Drainage. Lands, low Grounds, and Commons, in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, in the I(le of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Sir Thomas Peyton Baronet, Owner and Proprietor of certain Fen Lands or Low Grounds, in the

I " ' '

Iprilis. 1758.

Parish of Doddington, in the Ifleof Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: except Joseph Fowler, who, being applied . to, said he did not chufetofign the Bill; Richard Simpole, who hasabfeonded; and the Heir of Thomas Nevit, who was not be found; that the Property of the said Three Persons consists of about Eighteen Acres, and that the w hole Quantity of Land proposed to be drained amounts to 2,250 Acres or thereabouts; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question le-verally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for saving the Rights of the Commissioners of the Navigation of the River Nene.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rennet and Mr.

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kamflerly, for inclosmgand dividing the Moors and Commons with- &c.

in the Chapelry of Hamjterly, in the Manor of Wol~ Inclosure. singham, in the County of Durham, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Symons presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual compellingOverfeers c ,e of the Poor to obey Orders, made by Justices of the Peace, for the speedy Relief of impotent and necefl&tous Poor; and to explain the Laws with regard to the Power of Justices of the Peace to order Relief onfudden and emergent Occasions; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Si r Matthew Lambe presented to the House, according Hareby to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common, tnclosure. open, and arable Fields, and common Meadows, in the Manor and Parish of Hareby, in the County of Lincoln:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Doivne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Newton Moor or Newton Common, within the Manor of Newton cum Benningbrough, in the County of York, was re-committed, That the Committee had made some other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wtth the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Exportation Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portugal, was read of Culm, a Second time.

Resolved,

3iGeo. IL 10° — i:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Woodford A Motion being made, That the Bill for dividing and inclosure. inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordfhipof Woodford,ot\\etvi\{e Halje Woodford, in the County of Northampton, be now read a Second time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been acquainted with the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cart-torighf, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Thomas Palmei*, Mr. Wigiey, M r. Olmias, M i\ Kynaston, Mr. Del aval, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Smith, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lewis, Mr. More, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mcdlycotl, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Roivney, Mr. Gore, Mr. Moore, Lord Verney, Mr. Fuller, Lord Pbicerjcourt, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bold, Mr. Lut/rcU, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir Lynch Salujbuiy Cotton, Mr, Hewelt s and all the* Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Leicester, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bounty The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

a- orted re^ve itself into a Comm ittee of the whole House, u pen

' ' the Bill for prohibiting the Payment of the Bounty upon

the Exportation of Corn, unless sold at a lower Price than is allowed in an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary;

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThursdayNlom-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Improvement The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

at. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

Crofi02 consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of several Buildings, Houses, Grounds, and Estates, situate on the West Side of the Street leading from Charing Cross towards his Majesty’s Palace of Whitehall; and also the Petition of the several Inhabitants of Charing Cross, and Parts adjacent, whose Hands are thereunto iiibscribed; had been severally referred; and to whom the Report of the Matters of the said Petitions was re-committed;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Eledors The ingrossed Bill to obviate any Doubts that may of arise concerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire to [ *erve m ^ar^ament for that l>art of Great Britain called

England; and for further regulating the Proceedings at the Elections of such Knights of the Shire; was, according to Order, read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further explaining the Laws, touching the Electors of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parlia-j ment for that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to

\ the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

\ Supply- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to j resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

j consider further of the Supplygranted to his Majesty.

Yol. 28.


[° Aprilis. 18

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday1 Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces, in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed;

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend do make the said Report.

Mr. Townshend accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to b» reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments,in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; agd then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for limiting the Time of meeting for forming the Regiments, and polling Officers to each Company,

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks*, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon thq Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 11° aprilis;

Anno 31* Georgii IF' Regis, 1758. Praters.

A BILL for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Christian Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to Shilliiigfor d Gate, in the County of Berks; and also from Swindon to Lyd-denlon Wall, in the said County of Wilts; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crafier, Mr. Potter, Sir Robert Long, Mr; Spencer, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Fox, Mr. Olmius, Mr., Ridley, Mr. Gyb-bon, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Probyn, Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Thyme, Mr. Wilk's, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Smyth, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Medlycott, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Which* cot, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Webb, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Anson, Lord Barrington, Mr. Fletcher, Lord Villiers, Mr. Trijl, Mr, Cholmley, Mr, Symons, Mr. Wig* ley, Mr. Lockyer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Berks, Oxford, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Fanners, and other principal/kihabitants, residing inand nearthe Road leading frond Christian Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to Chippenham Bridge, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Rill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road 3 A Jewing

Ways

and

Means.

Militias

Christian

Malford

Bridge.

Ditto.

110 Aprilis. 1758.

rtation

Hides

IrWand.

rklearham

Charity.

U’.lil

leading from Christian Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to Shillingford Gate, in the County of Berks; and also from Swindon to Lyddenton Wall, in the said County of Wilts; and alleging, that it would be of great Advantage, if the said Road was continued from Christ-ianMalford Bridge to Chippenham Bridge^ the same being in many Parts very ruinous: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill to enable the Trustees, therein named, to extend the said Road to Chippenham Bridge as aforesaid; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Pfemifes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Chester*Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hemett, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Fel-lowes, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Trift, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Lejlie, Lord Dcwne; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wills, Berks, Oxford and Gloucester: And that they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, of the County of Salop: and also,

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, and other Deal-in Leather, of the County of Gloucester, and City of Gloucester;

Were severally prefen ted to the House, and read; alleging, that the Petitioners have observed, that a ' Bill is ordered to be brought in to take off the Duties now payable on the Importation of raw Hides and Skinsinto Great Britain from Ireland; and repre-fenting thegoodConsequenceswhichtbePetitioners apprehend would arise, in case the Exportation of raw Hides and Skins from Ireland to foreign Parts wasprohibited: And therefore praying the House to - - take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Exportation ofrawHidesand Skins from Ireland to all Parts, except Great Britain, may beprohibited.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the several Charities of the Hospital and Free-School at Kirklcafham, in the County of York, of the Foundation of Sir Williayn Turner Knight, deceased, and the Possessions and Revenues thereunto belonging, pursuant to the Will and Codicil of Cholmley Turner, late of Kirkleatham aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Medlycott., Mr. Lezvis, Mr. Hezv&tt, Lord Verney, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Probyn, Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Bacon, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Carlzvright, Mr. Morton, Mr. Wynne, Mv. Hanger, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Philipfjs, Mr. Ilaroey, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Howard, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gibbons, Mt. Plummer, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bold, Mr. Cholm-leij, Mr. Wigley, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Ofeoald, Sir Ludoivick Grant, Mr. Charlton, Sir Charles Mordaant, Mr. Clrventry, Sir John Gordon, Lord Carysfort, Sir John Rushout, Lord North, Lord Downey and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Weflmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr,

Harris; . .. .

ck-

Mr. Speaker,

Thh Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Preston Pau* for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made in the 1 *5c^n‘cs 26th Year of his present Majesty’-s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Preston Pans, in the Shire of Ea/l Lothian, otherwise Hadding-toioi, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bid, intituled, An Act E*ctcr

to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, °°r*

passed in the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitalsand Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Edinburgh, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, &c. of the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti- Roa<1-tided, An Act for repairing the Poll Road from the City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, from the Boathouse Ford on Almond Water, and from thence to the 1 own of Linlithgow, and from the said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Stirling; and also from Falkirk to Kylfyth, and to Inch Bellie Bridge on the.Poll Road to the City of Glasgozo; and for building a Bridge cross Almond Water; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengors withdrew.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, and other Dealers Importation in Leather, of the County o {Gloucester, and City of Gloiu of Cattle cester, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, rom re nd* That the Petitioners have observed, that a Bill is ordered in to give Leave to import live Cattle from Ireland into this Kingdom; and representing to the House many good Effects, which, the Petitioners allege, will arise therefrom: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, for a Time to be limited, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived* ' Committee*.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing Agreements made terd* between Charles Brandling Esquire, and other Persons, Waggon-Proprietors of Lands, for Iayingdown a Waggon Way, wa>’* in order the better to serve the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were federally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 19. After " Lands," to insert " Wastes," and after " or" to insert " other:"

Pr. 5. L. 4. After <c Lands," to insert " Wastes," and after " and " to insert<c other:"

Pr. 6. L. 27. After " Lands," to insert <c Wastes," and after " and" to insert u other:"

L. 32. After " Lands," to insert " Wastes," and after " and" to insert " other:"

Pr. 8. L. 11. After " several" to insert " Fields," and after " Lands," to insert " Wastes :"

L. 12. Before " Grounds" to insert cc other:"

Pr. 10. L. 27. After <c said" to insert " Fields," and after " Lands," to insert " Wastes," and after " and" to insert M other."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing Agreements made between Charles BrandlingEiqmre, and otherPersons, Proprietors Qf Lands, for laying down a Waggon Way, in order for the

h

Read’s

bftates.

Bakewtll

to

Worktop

RoaJs.

Account

jf Sinking Fuud.

Settle

nclosure.

31 Geo. II. ii° Ap183

the better {applying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals.

Ordered, That the Lord JDowne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in William Read Esquire, and his Heirs* several entailed Estates in the County of York, in order that the same may be fold; and for the settling another Estate, in the said County of York, to the like Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to ^AwCholmley, Sir Roger Nezvdigule, Mr. Hezcett, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. More, Mr. Wil/cinJbn, Mr. Kynafhm^w Francis Poole, Mr. Brudcnell, Lord Egmont, Mr. Bagot, Lord Villiers, Mr. Medbjcott, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Symons, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Morton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chester, Mr. Tho-roton, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Rice, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Rozo-ney, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Trijl, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Townfiiend; and all the Members who serve for’ the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of thelieign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Bakexoell to Chester field, in the County of Derby, and from Chester field to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham-, and from Chester field to the Place where the Northern Road meets the Chesterfeld Road, which leads to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 1. After "all" to insert " and every:"

Pr. 5. L. 8. After " Esquire," to insert " Benjamin " Prottor

L. 38. After " Tzviggef to insert " William

Ttyne

Pr. 8. L. 14. To leave out " Commissioners,’’ and insert " Trustees

Pr. 14. L. 24. After "all" to insert " and every:" L. 28. After "also," to insert " andduring:" L. 34. Toleaveout" Remainder of the Term 1C of 21 \rears mentioned in the said recited Act," and insertcc said Two Terms now subsisting as aforesaid :"

Pr. 15. L. 30. To leave out " Remainder of the Term of 21YTears mentioned in the said recited Act," and insert " said Two Terms now fubiifting as aforesaid."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.:

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge, alter, and render more effectual, the Term and Powers of an Act, of the 12th Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Bakexoell to Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, and from Chesterfield to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham; and other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, disposable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, on the 5th Day of this instant April.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing and confirming Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing Two fiinted Pastures or Commons, called Settle Banks High Scar and Scaleber, within the Township of Settle, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

Vcl. 28.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* An Act for establishing and confirming Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing Two stinted Pastures or Commons, called Settle Banks High Scar and Scaleber, within the Township of Settle, in the County of York.

Ordered, That the Lord Downe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dclire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution several Contrafts made by* or on behalf of, James late Lord Bulkeleyfwx the Kingdom of Ireland, in his Life-time, for the Sale of several Lands and Tenements, in the County of Anglesey; and for applying the Purchase-money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Cufi, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sandys, M r.Cholmley, Mr. Hayzvard, Mr. WiIkes9 Mr. Holdans, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Hume, Mr. With inf on, Mr. Affleck, General Cornwallis, Mr. Barry, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Finch, Mr. G of try, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. George Onfiow, Mr. Smith, Lord George Cavendifii, Mr. ThijUethwayte, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bud gen, Lord Verney, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sy-monds, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Triji, Mr. Lee; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester and Salop; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord George Cavendifii reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, over the High Moors,to IIatherfage, and over Mytham Bridge to Sparrozvpit Gate, in the County of Derby; and from the Guide Post, at or near Barber Fields Cupola, over the High Moors and Grindleforth Bridge, and overTidfi well Moor, to Buxton, in the County of Derby; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

OrderedJYhax. the said Report be taken into Consider* ation, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for giving a more speedy Remedy to the Subject upon the Writ of Habeas Corpus.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night; resolve itself into a Committee of the whoIeHouse, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of several Buildings, Lloufes, Grounds, and Estates, situate on the West Side of the Street leading from Charing Cross, towards his Majesty’s Palace of Whitehall; and also the Petition of the several Inhabitants of Charing Cross and Parts adjacent, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed; had been severally referred; and to whom the Report of the Matters of the said Petitions was recommitted.

The Order made this Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, over the High Moors, to Hathcrjage, and over My tham Bridge, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the County of Derby; and from the Guide Post,

at

Earl of Bulkeley’s Estates.

SheffeW

to

Ecclesail

Roads.

Writ of Habeas Corpus.

Improrement*

at

Charing Cross.

Sheffield

to

Ecclesalt

Roads.

Geydoa

Incfofure.

t

Answer to Address for Accounts.

Wickfln,

Sec.

Draihage.

Meetings of Coiomittoam under certain Acts,

Singleton

and

Chariton

Forcfts.

184 110 — 1 a° A A. 1758.

it or near Barber Fields Cupola, over the Moors and Grindlefortk Bridge, and over Tidfzvell Moor, to Buxton, in the County of Derby; was committed, after the House /hould have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bid, being feveraHy read a Second time, were, upon the Question ieverally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 12° die Aprilis;

Anno 31* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

SIR Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Pieces, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Township of Geydon, in the Parish of Bishops Itching ton, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-raliy put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That their Address of Monday lull, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Accounts of what is therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House that he will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. James Buller, Lord Duncannort, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Buller, Mr. John Buller, Sir William Beauchamp Prottor, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant Ouse and Mildenliall Rivers, and bounded on the South Ealt by the hard Lands of IJleham, Fordham, So-ham, and Wicken; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford, Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Inverted Lands; is committed.

Sir John Turner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing a further Time for holding the First Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts made in the last Session of Parliament: And the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for yetting the Forests and Manors of Singleton and

*5

Charlton, and other Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Suffer and Wilts, in Trustees and their Heirs, upon the Trust therein mentioned, freed and discharged from the Estates, Uses, and Trusts, to which the same are at present subject; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellisdocarry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hclford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to en- Earl of ableSir Maurice Crojbie Knight, or any future Guardian Kerry’s of Francis Thomas Earl of Keny and Lixnaw, in the Ki ng- EltaIe'

dom of Ireland, a Minor, to discharge an Incumbrance on certain Collieries and Coal Mines, in the County of Durham, Part of the Estate of the said Earl: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. ChaunceyTownfendreported from the Committee, Wcfibury to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-holders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Towns Ru.ds. of Westbury and Market Laving ton, in the County of Wilts, and Places adjacent, and also of the Aldermen and Common Burgesses of the Borough of Westbury aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, had been referred; and to whom the Report of the Matter of the said Petition was re-committed; and to whom also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of Peufey, in the County of Wilts, and Places adjacent, and also of the Mayor, Bailiff, and Burgesses, of the Town and Borough of Great Bedivin, in the said County; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of Uphaven and Evei'ley, in the County of Wilts, and Places adjacent, and of the Bailiff and Burgess of the Borough of Ludgarshall, in the same County, and also of the Bailiff, Approved Men, ancf Burgesses, of the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton; were severally referred; That the Committee had further examined the Matter of the first-mentioned Petition; and had examined the Matter of the second-mentioned Petition; noPerson appearing on behalf of the last mentioned Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: \V here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Two first-mentioned Petitions,

Mr. Edward Pearce, being examined, said, That he knows the Roads from Pengate, in the Pariili of Westbury, to Latchets Bridge, near Market Lavington; and also from Market Lavington, to the Turnpike Road near Dezoeys Water; and that, in several Parts thereof, they are extremely deep and founderous; and that there are several hollow Ways, and so narrow in many Places, that Two Carriages cannot pass each other, and that the Statute-work is insufficient to repair and widen the fame; but cannot say, if the whole Statute-labour has been done on the said Roads.

William Saven, being examined, said, That he knows the Road from Pengate, in Westbury, to CookfordCorncv, in the Parish of Churton, and also the Road from Rolf borough to Melksham, and from Yambrook to Studley Lane End, which are in a very bad Condition, being in many Places so narrow, that a Horse cannot pass by a Carriage, and in some Places Thirty Feet deep; and that in Winter, they are impassable; and that, in general, the said Roads are in a very bad Condition.

Mr. RickardCocA/e,beingexaminfed,said, He had been Surveyor of the Roads in the Parish of Westbury Three

Years,

31 Geo. II.

12C

185

Expiring

Laws;

Kirkaldy

Tto-penies

Scots.

Years, m which Time therd was £.80 raised by Sub-fcflriptbn; which, together with Six Pence in the Pound, was frifu’fficient to ke£p the said Roads in Repair.

Mr. ThomaS Potter and Mr. Thomas Batten, being severally examined, fold. That they knd\V the Road from BohlesfordXoFtorfield, which is, in many Places, so narrow, that Two Carriages cannot psft i and that the same is very ruinous and bad, and cannot be widened and repaired by the: Statute-labour.

Mr. Edward Pearce,be?\ngagkin examined, said, That the Road from Boltlesford to Pufexj, and so on to Frox-field, is, in*many Parts, deep and founderous, and, in some Places, so narrow, that Two Horses cannot pass.

Mr. Henry Barker confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Pearce.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, widening, amending, and Shortening, the Road leadrngfrom Pen gate, intlie Parish of Wefibury, in the County of Wilts, to hatchet Bridge, near the East End of the Town of Market Ldvington, in the Parish of West Lhvington, in the said County; and also the Road leading from Market having ton Downtown Market Lav ingt on Hill, to and through Market Lavington aforesaid,to the Turnpike Road near Dezoeijs Water, in the Road leading from Wefi Lavington aforesaid, to the Town of Devizes, in the said County of Wilts; and also the Road leading from Bolefborough, down Wefibury Hill, through the To wit of Wefiinny, across Allmarsh Field,by Yarnbrooke, to Stndley Ijtne End, adjoining to the Turnpike Road leading from Trowbridge to BeCkinglon, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road leading from Yarnbrooke aforesaid, tip West AJliton Hill', through Senimington, to the Turnpike Road it Mdkfham, in the said County of Wilts: And that Mr. CUamicey TcncnJhend, M\\ Nor they 7 and Mr. Bertie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued. That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

OrderedThat the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ofzvald preferred to the House according to Order, a Biit to continue an Act, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for lay ins: a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, d’ fold, w ithin the Town of Kirkaldy, and Liberties thereof; and to render the said Act more effectual, by extending the same to the East Miln Lands belonging to the prime Guild Box, within the Borough of Kirkaldy r And the same was received; and read the Tirft time.

Befidved, That the Bill be read a Second tirie.

Ways, and Means.

Militia.

importation of Cattle from Ireland;

Assize

of

Bread, &€.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, was committed, be now read: And the said Order being read accordingly; . Ordeird, That the said Report be taken info Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

SappI;.

0!

Ordered, That the Order of the D&y, for the House torefolve itself into a Committee of the whole, House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Ills Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Tot. 28.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refolvid_ itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cpnfid£r rarther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning nekt,resolve itself into tlife said Committee.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain, amend, arid enforce; an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled;

An Act for the better ordering of the Militia forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, be read the Third time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrofiedw

' v.

A Petition of the Merchants, Dealers in Leather, hnd Tanners, of the City of Bristol, and Places adjacent* was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners have observed, that a Bill is ordered in to give Leave to import live Cattle from Ireland into this Kingdom; and reprefeoting to the House many good Effect.s, which, the Petitioners allege, will arise

therefrom: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole Hottfe, to whom the Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, hr a Time to be limited, is committed.

A Petition of the Merchants, Dealers in Leather, and Importation Tanners, of the City of Bristol, and Places adjacent, was xrelaiid.

p relented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners have observed, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in, to take off the Duties now payable on the Importation of raw Hides and Skins into Great Britaift from Ireland; and representing the good Consequences, which, the Petitioners apprehend, would arise, in case the Exportation of raw Hides and Skins from Ireland to foreign Parts was prohibited: And therefore, praying^ the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Exportation of raw Hides and Skins from Ireland to all Parts, except Great Britain, may be pren hibited.

Ordered., T|jat the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House importation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* of Cattle upon the Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle fram Irtland< from Ireland, for a time to be limited;

Ordered, That all the Petitions, which have been presented to the House in this Session, in favour of the said Bill, and which have not yet been referred to the said Committee, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Cattle that have been imported into England from the Isle of Man, from Christmas 1746, to the 5 January 1757

- distingu?fihing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Cattle that have been imported into that Part of Great Britain ’

called Scotland from the Isle of Man, front Michaelmas 1747, to Michaelmas 1757; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jarrit Smith took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker refunded the Chair.*

Mr. Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Atnencl-merits thereunto; which they had dife&ed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

A Motion :wa& made, and the Question being put.

That, the Report be received Tp-morrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Teas went forth.

35

Teller*

o

1758,;

( TellefsTorthe Yca^{^fr; " /} h,

Tdlersfor the Noes, j } 5°?'

So it was resolved in the ^limitative.

~1' ' Ariel then the Hbnfe adjourned till Tomorrow* Morning, Nine of the Clock. '

r,.....; Jovisy 13° \

Anno 31* Georgii IB1 Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

Brixtoy F\RDERED, That Mr. Ojzcald, Mr. John Harvey, he Small Debtt. added' to the Conimiftee, to whom the Bill for the . more easy and speedy Recovery of ftmill Debts within the Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey, is committed.

Yarmouth A Petition offeVeral Traders and Inhabitants, within Small Debt*, the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, and the Liberties thereof, was presented to the Jloufe, and read; felting forth, That a certain Place called South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, is within the Limits or Liberties of the said Borough, and within the Jurisdiction of thd Mayor’s Court; and alleging, that as by the Petition presented to the House, Leave is only prayed to bring in a Bill for Recovery of small Debts, within the Borough of Great Yarmouth, the Pe-titiorters are npprehenfive that Doubts may arise, whether such Bill will extend to the said Place called South 1'own; and that, if the same is not included in the said Bill, the Execution of such Bill may be rendered inconvenient: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may extend to the more easy and speedy Recovery of final I Debts, with in the Borough of Great Yarmouth, and* Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Touxnjhendof Yarmouth. Sir Edward Walpole, Mr. Walpole, Mr Hanger, Mr. Smith, Mr. George Onslow, Mr Fane, Mr. Sandys, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Rcbinfon, Mr. Hume, Mr. Charlton, Mr. More, 'Sir Edmund IJhavt, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fel-hives, Mr. Yuughan, Mr, Gybbon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Wil-kinfon. Sir John Cufl, Mr. Gajtny, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Lewis, Lord George Cavern Iish, Mr> Medlycott, Sir Charles Kemys Tyntc, Mr. Symons, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Lyster, Mr. York, Mr. Trijt, Mr. Whit-tvorths and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Fivo of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Importation A Petition of the Sheriff and Grand Jury, Gentlemen, of Cattle Proprietors of Land, Landholders, and Breeders of

fiom Ireland.

Cattle, assembled at the Grent Sessions bblden for the County of Pembroke, the Sixth Day of April 17S8, was presented to the House* and read; ’alleging. That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is ordered in, for the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland into Great Britain; and the Petitioners apprehend, that, should such Bill pass into a Law, it would be attended with very affecting Consequences to the general landed Intereli of this Kingdom, and to that Part of it in particular; and sub-, mitting their Hopes to the Coulideration of the House, that as we are at this time engaged in an expensive War,* towards the Support of which the landed interest bear, so great a Proportion, that this will not be thought a proper Time to weaken that Interest, by passing a Bill of so fatal a Tendency, the Evils of which were so fen* fihly-feltin a former Reign, that no less than Four very ilrift and severe Laws were passed to prevent them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be receive d from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle fropi Irelandr, for a Time to be limited, was committed.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to Boddngtoo whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common l^ture. Fields, common Padures, commoq Meadows, common Grounds, Heath and Waite Ground, of Upper Budding* ton, and Louver Bod ding Ion, within the Parish of Upper* Boddington, in the County of Northampton; and for settling a Rate,or certain annual Sum of Money, to be paid in lien of the Ty thes of certain old Inclosures within the said Parish; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Proprietors of Two Yard Lands, who were applied to, and rqfufed to sign the Bill, but said they would not oppose it; and that the whole confids of Ninety-four and an Half Yard Lands; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendmentsthereupto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; stud,. upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, That Mr. Wilford, from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; dispofabie

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Money. House, pursuant to their Order.

An Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, dispofabie by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, on the 5th Day of April 1758.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ah ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, dispofabie by Parliament, of the Produce of 1 the Sinking Fund, on the 5th Day of April 1758.

THE Money remaining in the Exchequer, dispofabie by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, on the 5th Day of April 1758, amounts to the Sum of Four hundred Ninety-two thousand Four hundred Vounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence Half-penny.'

« Edward Wilford.

Exchequer, the 13th /

Day of April 1^58. . - Ordered,

3i Qeo* II. 13* Aprilis. 187

Ordered, That the said Accotfrtt do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sbrnv'huiy A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and

Roads. others, residing in or near Shrezvfljury, as also of the* Tmfteesfor puttingin Execution an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the lleign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of ShreivJbunj, through Ellefinere, in the County of Salop, and Overton, in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, 4n the County of Denbigh, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill isdepending in l he Ilonfe, for repairing Hie several Roads leading from Shrcuftniry to Pool, to Of weft ry, and to Bafchurch; and that there is a hack Lane leading out of the Road from Shreusbury to Pool and Oswestry, at Gorfty Bank, which returns into the Road leading from Shretv/bury to Of re fry, at BcQ'tiU Gale \ which Lane is of little or no L'ie to Travellers, and may lie tiopped up without Prejudice to them; and that in the Road from Slirezcsbury to Pool and Ofeeftry, between the Two Ends of the said Lane, the Pool and Ofzcefry Roads divide at a Place convenient for erecting a Toll Gate on each Road, and a 'roll House; and if the said Lane was to be Hopped up, and l oll Gates crofted at the said Place, one Toll-gatherer might be sufficient for both Roads, and the Toll arilmgfrom each Road afeenained; and that there is a Lane, or Pafiiige partly along the Bed of the River Severn, leading from the Watering Place, between the Catlle Gate of Shrewsbury and Cotton Hill, in the said Bill mentioned, to a Place called the Flash, on the Road between Cotton Hill and Bafchurch. aforesaid, which is pafl'able in Summer Time, of when the said River is low, and may be flopped up without Prejudice to Travellers; and that if a Toil Gate should he erected on the saki Road at Cotton Hill, the Toll of the said Gate, by Means of the said Lane or Passage, may in a great Measure be evaded j and that there is a Road leading from the Bottom of the Cross Hill, in the Turnpike Road from Shretcsbury to IVem and Elltfm'ere, through Ilencot and Almond Park, to Richard Ball's House, between Shrezc/bury and Bafchurch; and that unless the 'l ruflees for repairing the Road from Shrezof-hurij to IVrexham, are empowered to erect a Turn pike on that Road oh Cotton Hill, in the Town of Shrewsbury, the Payment of the Tolls arising between Shrew/bunj and Bafchurch, maybe avoided; and likewise the Tolls between Shrewsbury and Oficejtry considerably lessened: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the same Bill for flopping up the said Lanes and Passages, reservi ng to the Occupiers of Lands contiguous to the same free Passage to and from their Lands; and also for empowering the said Trusteesof the Road between Shrezc/bury and Wrexham, to erect a Toll Gate on Cotton Hill.

Ordered, That the ftiid Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Pye, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Affleck, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Vernon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Crofter, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Vemey, Mr. Wig ley, Mr. Archer, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Gorey Sir John Cnfty Mr. Tozun/hend, Mr. George OnJloivy Sir Edmund Isham\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Hereford, Stafford, and Chester; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tuffrcll’* An ingrossed' Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act'

&rorcc, to dissolve the Marriage of George Forfter Tuffnell, Vql. 28.

Esquire, with Elizabeth Forfter his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purpose therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass*

Ordered, That Mr. Olmius do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Jarrit Smith, according to Order, reported from importation the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to of Cattle permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, for fromlwad* a Time to be limited, was committed; the Amendment* which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout*; and then a Second time, one by one r and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Third time upon this Day Fortnight.

Mr. George Onjlozo reported from the Committee, to iarj cf whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Egmont^ Act to enable John Earl of Egmonty in the Kingdom of *ft8tc* Ireland, to raise Money for purchasing Lands in Great Britain, for the Purposes of his Marriage Settlement* by Mortgage, instead of Sale, of Part of his Irish Estate, was committed, That the Committee had examined and found that the Handing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill relating to Estates there be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they lmd directed him to report to the House; and he read thefteport inhisPlace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The said Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and

Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bnombtwi for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, lacloiure. for dividing and inclosing the open common Fields, common Meadows, Commons, and waste Grounds, in the Townships of Brompton and Sawdon, in the Parish of Brompton, in the North Riding of the County of York; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Secretary Pitt, presented to the House, by his Treaty Majesty's Command, wil

Copy of a Convention between his Majesty and the King of Prussia, concluded and signed at London, the 1 ith of April 1758; — and Translation.

And the Titles of the said Copy and Translation. were read.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Paper* of this Session, and the said Translation is as foL lo^veth; viz.

Translation of a Convention between his Majesty and the King of Prussia, concluded and signed at Lorb don, the i ith of April 1758.

Whereas

Treaty

with

Prussia.

; i Aprilis- A. 175 8*

Whereas a Treaty between their Bfltfl$\tfe fend P ruffian Majesties was concluded audfigned ontbe 16th Day of January 17 56, the Stipulat ions whereof tended to the Prefesvation of the general Peace of Europe, and of Germany in particular; and whereas, fiflce that Period, France has not only iuvaded the Empire with numerous Armies, and attacked their aforesaid Mqjeftjes and their Allies, but has also excited other Powers to act in like Manner; and whereas it is notorious, that the extraordinary Efforts made by his Prufian Majesty to defend imnfelf against the Number of Enemies, who lmve attacked him on so many Sides at once, have oc-cofioned a very great and burthensome Expence; whilst, on the other Hand, his Revenues have been greatly dSintnished, in those Parts of his Dominions which have been the Seat of the War; and their Majesties having mutually determined to continue their Efforts for their reciprocal Defence and Security, for the Recovery of their Possessions, for the Protection of their Allies, and the Preservation of the Liberties of the Germanic Body; His Britannic Majesty has rei’olved, in consequence of these Considerations, to give an immediate Succour, in Money, to his Prujian Majesty, as the speedieft and moll effectual; and their aforesaid Majesties have thought proper, that a Convention should be made thereupon, in order to declare and ascertain their reci-

Srocal Intentions in this respect; for which Purpose ley have appointed and authorized their respective Ministers; viz. In the Name and on the Part of his Britaniiic Majesty, his Privy Counsellors, Sir Robert Henley, Knight, Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, John Earl Granville, President of his Council, Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, First Lord Commissioner of his Treasury, Robert Earl of Holdernefe, one of his principal Secretaries of State, Philip Earl of Hard-wide, and William Pitt Esquire, another of his principal Secretaries of State; and in the Name and on the Part of his Prussian Majesty, the Sieprs Dodo Henry, Baron of Kni/phaufen, his Privy Counsellor of Embassy, and Mi niter Plenipotentiary at the Court of his Britannic Majesty, and Lewis Michell, his Chargi d'affaires at the said Court; who, after having communicated to each other their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles.

1.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain engages to causeto be paid, in the Cityjof London, to the Person or Persons who shall be authorized for that Purpose by his Majesty the King of Prujia* the Sum of Four Mil-

lions of German Crowns, amounting to Six hundred and Seventy thou fond Pounds Sterling; which intirer Sum shall be paid, at once, immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications, upon the Requilitiou of his Prujian Majesty

2.

His Majesty the King of Prujia engages, on his Part, to employ the said Sum in keeping up and augmenting his Forces, which shall act in the most advantageous Manner for the Common Cause, and for the End proposed by their aforesaid Majesties of reciprocal Defence and mutual Security.

3-

The high contrafting Parties moreover engage; vbs. on the one Part, his Britannic Majesty, both as King, and as Elector, and on the other Part, his Prujian Majesty, not to conclude any Treaty of Peace, 1 ruce, or Neutrality, or any other Convention or Agreement whatsoever,with the Powers who have taken Part in the present War, but in Concert, and by mutual Conl’ent, and expressly comprehending each other therein.

4-

This Convention shall be ratified, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged on both Sides within the Term of Six Weeks, to be reckoned from the Date of the Signing of this Convention, 01 looner, if possible,

In Witness whereof, We, the underwritten Ministers of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and of his Majesty the King of Prujia, by virtue of our full Powers, have signed this present Convention, and have set the Seals of our Arms thereto. Done at London, the Eleventh Day of April, in the Year of onr Lord 1758.-

(L. S.) Robert Henley* C, S.

(L. S.) Granville, P.

(L. S.) Holies Newcastle.

(L. S.) Holderneje.

(L. S.) Harduicke.

(L. S,) Wm. Pitt.

The Lord Barrington prefen ted to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of 38,000 Men of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbutlel, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Buckeburgh; and also Estimate of the Extraordinary Charge of the said Troops.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

31 Geo. II.

13° Apr

189

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 38,000 Men of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttel, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Buckeburgh, from the 28tn November 1757, to the 24th December 1758, both inclusive, being 392 Days.

HANOVERIANS. General and Staff Officers

CAVALRY.

One Troop Horse Guards -One Troop Horse Grenadiers -8 Regiments of Horse -

4 Regiments of Dragoons -

INFANTRY.

2 Battalions of Foot Guards - -

22 Battalions of Foot -

1 Regiment of Fuziliers -

Augmentation to the Regiments of Foot -

1 Regiment of Artillery....

For the Troops and Companies of Chasseurs, Hussars, and Hunters -

Total of the Troops of Hanover

WOLFENBUTTELS. General and Staff Officers One Company of Grenadiers -7 Battalions of Foot -

Artillery -

Total of the Troops of Wolfenbuttel

SAXE GOTHA. One Battalion of Foot Artillery -

Total of the Troops of Saxe Gotha -

Count of BUCKEBURGII.

One Troop of Horse -One Battalion of Foot ----- Artillery - -

Augmentation to Horse, Foot, and Artillery Total of the Troops of Buckeburgh -Allowance for Bread to complete the Pay for the

Total Expence for Pay -

Comm i (lariat -

The Pay of the Officers and others belonging to the Hospital, and all incidental Charges An Allowance to Prince Ferdinand. -

An Extraordinary Allowance of Half a Pound of Meat a Day to each Soldier for Months, in Consideration of the bad Time of the Year -

Numbers.

29,772

141

5,69s

253

814

28

L39°

r. d.

185 2,872 2,848 6,096 4.573 6 8 2.7>4 5 4 45>°93 1 4 4°>30° 4 3

1,628 13.570 19 7

I7,908 lSl>255 7 6

8l4 - 6,653 8 9

862 4,735 16 1

1,074 - *5.823 9 7

22,286

6,092

I 842

60

814

28

«392

M94 *4 3 1,103 11 4

48,126 12 — 2»993 4 10

6.875 4 7

340 14 2

1,294

38,000

923 16 2

6,875 4 10

340 14 2

3>853 15

Men

6,714 1 2

42,632 14 10 6,38710 —

16,293 4 —

Total

Towards which Sum there has already been granted Remains to be provided by Parliament.

£. s. d. 7,821 18 5

92,680 17 7

192,039 i 6 18,015 14 —

310,557 11 6

53.718 a 5

7.215 18 9

11,993 11 t 107,571 13 1

491,056 l6 IO

72,027 IO ---

563,084 6 10

100,000 — —

463,084 6 10

THE Extraordinary Charge for 38,000 Men of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttel Saxe Gotha, and Count of Buckebbtrgg,from the 28th November 1757, to the 24th December 1758, both Days iuclusive, being 392 Days.

£ * d-

For Forage, Bread Waggons, Train of Artillery, and Train of Provisions, Wood, Straw, dCc.l and all other extraordinary Expences, Contingencies, and Losses whatsoever,incurred and to > 386,915 13 2

be incurred - - - - J__________

War Office,

33th April 1758*

Barrington,

Vol. 28.

3g

The

Hessian

Troops.

190 13

The House was moved, That the Message from his Majesty to this House, of the 18 th day of January Jail, might be read:

Anil the same was read accordingly The House was also moved, that Part of his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, of the 1 ft Day of December last, and of the Address of this House to his Majesty thereupon, might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Copy, Translation, and Estimate, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

1 Aprilis.

suant to Treaty, for 365 Days, from the 25th Day of December 1757, to the 24th Day of December 1758, both Days inclusive.

The Lord Barrington also prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of Extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1757, not provided for by Parliament.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were read.

The said Estimate and Account are as followeth;

viz.

Army

Extras.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cajel, in the Pay of Great Britain, pur-

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejje Cajfel, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty, for 365 Days, from the 25th Day of December 1757, to the 24th Day of December 1758, both Days inclusive; — viz.

" 1 - ' 1 365 Days German Pay for 2,120 Cavalry, with General and Staff Officers, and Numbers. £ s. d.

Officers of the Hospital ' - - -365 Days German Pay for 9,900 Infantry, with the Officers, and others be- 2,120 66,770 5 4

longing to the Train of Artillery - - 9,90° 120,986 6 9f

365 Days ordinary Subsidy, at the Rate of 225,000 Crowns a Year - 54,140 12 6

Already granted by Parliament for this Service 60 Days Pay and Subsidy to the 2 id Day of February 1758 - 38,360 19 iol) 12,020 241,897 4 8

60 Days Ditto to the 23d Day of April 1758 - 38,360 19 10}; - 76,721 19

/ Remains to be provided \yar Office, April 1758. Barrington. — 165,175 4 iqi-

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1757, not provided for by Parliament.

ToMajor Caiilfield,foxLx\>£x\cos in carrying on the new Roads inNorth Britain 5,209 1 4

Tp Ditto, for repairing the old Roads and Bridges there - 500-----

To Mr. Gardiner, for Necessaries furnished by him for the Encampment at

Fort George, Anno 1756- - - 6&8 2 8

To Ditto for Ditto lad Summer - -- -- - 1,831 3 2

To One Years Fire and Candlefurnifliedby the Barrack Mailer General in North Britain, to the severalGarrifons in the Highlands, to the 24th of December 1756 2,528 4 6

Tp Thomas. Lejlie, Esquire, for Ditto to Ditto, to the 24th December 1757 - 2,800 17 4

To Lord George Beauclerk, for so much expended by him for his Majesty’s

Service in North Britain ——

To the Contractors for Victualling Gibraltar, and to answer all Payments made and to be made, to complete that Service, as well for Victualling1as for Insurance, and all incidental Charges

to December 1757 -----.....-

To Chaitncey Townshend, Esquire, for supplying the Detachment of Artillery in Newfoundland with Provisions for One Year, from Midsummer 17 56, to Midsummer 1757, by way of Im-prest, and upon Account - - -1,14315 —

To Ditto for Ditto, in Ditto with Ditto, to Midsummer 1758 - - - 1,140 12 6

£. d.

5>7°9 1 4

9 5 }°

5,329 1 10

300-----

3>975 *7 6

To Chauncey Toxcnjhcnd, Esquire, for Vi£tuailing the Augmentation of Major General

Hopfon’s Regiment -

To John Calcraft, Esquire, in Lieu of Subsistence of Colonel s Regiment on Board

the Doddinglon, supposed to be loft -

To Mr. Baxter, for Disbursements for the Mufqu -

To Mr. Speer, for the Balance of Mr. Woodford's Account for Vi6lualling Placentia To Mr. Gamier, for Medicines, &c. in England, Gibraltar, and North America To Mr. Martin, for Ray Bills for Repairs, Sc. of the Scout Boat, between the

28th of November 1755, and the 27th o(November 1756; and for Provisions for the Detachment doing Duty at Frederica, to the 19th of December 1756

2,284 7 6

*.785 17 6

5.014 5 9

844 9 6

7°7 9 6. 3.095 19 9

499 13 n

To

3i Geo. II. 130 Jprilis.

To Colonel Crnmpy for Utensils furniHied to Colonel Anjlruther's Foot -

To Major Debt'if ay, for Ditto to Colonel llodgjoit's Foot -

To Mr. Varty, lor so much to be paid by him to the Artificers, for Work done to the Horse Guards ----- - 673 4 8

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - -- -- - 307 lr

To his Majesty’s Proportion of Coals sent to Gibraltar - - 2,746 16 —

To his Majesty's Ditto of Ditto, sent to Ditto ----- 1,344-----

To Mr. Vi track, for hrs Pay as Apothecary to the Forces at Minorca, for 301^ from the 19th of April 1756, to the 13th of February 1757, at i0,f* a ^ay " - 150 10 —

To Ditto for Medicines for Fort St. Philip's Cujllc ----- 227 17 5

To Mr. Baynes, Surgeon Major to the Garrison of Gibraltar, for his Expences and Trouble attending the Hospital efiabiifiled there for the Tick Men from Minorca, from the 3d of July 1756, to the 17th January 1757, being 1990

at 10 s.per Diem - - -.....- 99 10 —

To Mr. Dickson, for Medicines, Sc. delivered for the Use of the Forces at

Fort *SV. Philip - - - - 29186

To Mr. liuffc.il. Surgeon General of the Forces at Minorca, One Moiety of his

Pay from the 25th of June to the 24th of December 1 756 - - - 45 15 " —

To Lieutenant John Atkinson, for xog^Tay as Lieutenant, from the 14th of April to the 31st of July 1756, during which Time he served in Major General Cornwallis's Regiment, being from the Beginning to the End of the Siege of Fort St: Philip.....* - 2§ 8 8

To Mops Salvador Canfino, for Wheat deposited in St. Philip's Cajile during the Siege - -..... '338 18 3

To Captain Charles Williams, late Deputy Commissary of Storesand ProvisionS

at Minorca, for repaying of Monies borrowed for the Use of the Garrison 3,432 4 4

To Mr. Williams, for the Service of the Artdlery at Minorca - - - 959 6 2

To Major General Shirley, in Lieu of his Pay as Major General in North Americd, with his

Secretary and Aid de Camp - 402 — —

To Di to, in Lieu of his Pa y, as Commander in Chief in North America, with his Secretary and Two Aids de Camp - - - - 2,116 — —

To Mr. Nejbit, for Sums disbursed on the late Embarkation at Corke, of the additional Companies, the Drafts made from Twelve Battalions of Foot, and General Offarell's Regiment - ----- - 956 — —

To Ditto, for Bounty Money, Snbfiftchce, Sc. for Two Companies of Invalids, who were embarked at Dublin and Corke for Guernsey - - 319 4 9

To Mr. Lawrence, for transporting Money to the Out Pods in Nova Scotia 114 13 — To Ditto, for transporting Money to Annapolis ----- 206-----

To Captain Rick fan, for Oatmeal and Cheese, for the Two Battalions of Highlanders, and General Anjlruther's Regiment - -144 — —

To Mr. Gardiner, for Bil’cuit and Cheese, for the Two Battalions of Highlanders, and General Anjlrulher's Regiment ----- 244 16 —

To Colonel Wafjbn, for transporting Ten Regiments from Portsmouth to the Isle of Wight -To Major General Ifop/bn's Bill, forfunclry Expences attending the Troops on the Expedition under his Command -

To Mr. Kirkland, for his Pay as Matter Apothecary so the Hospital in North America, from the 4th of March to the 4th of July 1756, and for Charges in returning to England ..... - - -100 -

To Mr. Cherring'on, for his Pay as Matter Surgeon to Ditto Hospital, from D# to D% and his Charges in returning to England - - - 100 — —

To Mr. Boyd, for transporting Colonel Perry's Regiment from Scotland to Ireland -To Captain Moore, in Confide ration of his having been employed in settling the Accounts of the 50th and 51st Regiments of Foot ——

To Me firs. Roberts and Baynes, for Provisions in Guernfeyand Jersey -

To Mr. Gficald, for Bread Waggons,'Wood, and Straw - - . 2,coo-----

To Ditto, a Balance due to him for Ditto, for the Year 1756 - *,856 19 6

To Colonel Wafjbn, for so much expended by him in the several Encampments last Summer, the Expence of Quarters for Part of the Hanoverian Troops, and travelling Charges To Colonel Amherst, for 370* Allowance for providing Bread, and Bread Waggons, Sic. for the Ifeffian Troops in the Army of Observation last Year in Germany, from the 22d of February' 1757, the Day of his leaving London, to 26th of February 1758, the Day of

his Return, at £. 3 a Day - -1,110-----

And for Eftifiatcs - - - 43 — —

Vol. 28. f

191

£ s. d. IOO I 10 60 — 8

981 3 7

4.090 iG —

578 19 7

4.73° 8 9

2,518 — —

1,285 4 9

320^13 —

388 l6 —

233 14 I

150-----

200 - -

9262

136 IO — 408 7 X

3,856 19 6

57° 5 3

192

To answer a Bill of Exchange drawn by Mr. Boyd, on Account offorage, Xc.

for the Hessian Troops in the Army of Observation in Germany To answer a Bill drawn by David Mendas de Coftra, for Bread, and Bread Waggons, for the Hcjfians, in the Army of Observation in Germany -

To Half Pay to the 50th and 51st Regiments of Foot -

To lx>rd Tyrawlry s pill for Services at Gibraltar -

To Lord Tyraicleys Bill for Services at Gibraltar -

To Lord Panmure' s Ditto, for Ditto at Ditto -

To Lord Home's Ditto, for Ditto at Ditto -

To Ditto’s Ditto, for Ditto at Ditto.....-

To 1 xo* OtT-reckonings for the Additionals of Major General Ojfarrell's Regiment of Foot -

To 49*’ Ditto for Colonel Ross's Additional - -

To 170*’ Ditto of Three Companies added to Lord JoAn Murray's Regiment To 182* Ditto of Three Companies added to Colonel Frafer's Battalion -To iSi*' Ditto of Three Companies added to Colonel Montgomery's Battalion To 183d* Ditto for the Additional of Lieutenant General St. Clair's id Battalion ----- .

To 49* Ditto to the Additional of Colonel Waljh's Regiment -

60,000 — — 4,656 6 —

981 I

,280 8

121

.146 1

.174 12

245 5

M3 13

4*7 6

446 l5

446 15

401 6

140 2

2

10

8

10

10

To an Equipage to Sir John Mordaunt, as Commander in Chiefin the late Expedition To Grass Money of 559 Horses of Lieutenant General Bland's Dragoons

To Ditto----- of 394 Ditto of Lord George Sackville's D®

To Ditto----- of 394 Ditto of Sir Charles Howard's D®

To Ditto----- of 394 Ditto of Lieutenant General Hawley's D° -

To Ditto----- of 394 Ditto of Lieutenant General Campbell's D® -

To Ditto----- of 394 Ditto of the Earl of Albemarle's D®

To Ditto ----- of 394 Dito of Sir Robert Rich's D®

To Ditto----- of 394 Ditto of Lieutenant General Cholmondeley's D*

To Ditto-To Ditto-To Diito-

-of 394 Ditto of Sir John Cope's D®

-of 394 Ditto of Sir John Mordaunt's D° -of 394 Ditto of the Earl of Ancram'sD®-

A. 1758.

To 2oo^# Forage Money to Colonel Amherst's Regiment, ordered on immediate Service - ....

To iood* Ditto to Colonel Draper's Battalion -

To Baggage I lorfes to Colonel Draper's Battalion -

To Bas i lorfes to Ditto’s - - Ditto -

To Lord Robert Manners's Regiment for repairing their Camp Necessaries

1,467 7 6

>.034 5 —

1.034 5

1.034 5 —

*.034 5 "*

1.034 5 — ’I

5 —

1.034 5 —

1.034 5 —

1.034 5 —

1.034 5 —

39° ,

M3 ——

64,656

d.

— 1

6

6,705 3 9i

2,241 6 —

x,oooo — 1 —

11,809 17 6

585-----

180 ——

100 — — 165 8 —

£ 145-454 >5 — I"

War-Office, 13th April 1758.

Barrington.

SXirpcnbcck

lnciolure.

OrderedfThzt the said Estimate, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting certain Fields, Mea* dows. Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Manor and Township otSkirpenbeck, in the County of Forfc, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true*, and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee 5 and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Meffiage, by Mr. 2uarme, Deputy Gentleman

Usher of the Black Rod

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty'sCortJ- j million for declaring his Royal Affient to several Acts, Agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of his Majesty’sCom^ million afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers: Where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal AiTent to several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, and the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Affient to the said Bills and that the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal; and the Earl of Rochfort, and the Lord Anfin, named also in the said Commission; did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Affient to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An

Skirpenbeck

indoiure.

Works at fc.braltar.

at Geo. It. 13° — 14 Aprilis. 193

An Act to indemnify Per Tons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Oil ices and Employments; and to iiulenmily Justices of the Peace, and others; who have omitted to remitter their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law and for giving further Time for those Purposes, and the Filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clei kship:

An Act for repealing so ltuich of cite Act of the 15th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the Tgth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Circncejtcr Town's Rod to Saint Johns Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, as directs, that the Inhabitants of 1 he several Parishes and Hamlets therein named shall pals Toll-free; and for repairing the Street from the IGgh Croft iwdrencester, to the Town’s Etui there; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts;

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the 25th Year of his present Majesiv’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Poll Road from the City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, from the Boa thou fa Ford on Abroad Water, and from thence to the Town of Linlithgow, and from the said Town to Faikirk, and from thence to Stirling-, and a! lb from Falkirk to Kidfifth, and to Inch Beliie Bridge, on the Poll Road 1d the City of Ghfgow; and for building a Bridge cross Almond 1 Rater.

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made in the 26th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies<Sh;A?? or a Sixth Part, of a Pony Sterling, tipoii every Scols Pint of Ale and Beer, which limit be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Pari fh of Prejhm Pans, in the Shire of Fail Lothian, otherwise IIadaing'oun, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual; an Act, passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Evon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there 1

An Act for vesting the Fore (Is and Manors of Singleton and Charlton, and other Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Su/fex and With:, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon the Trulls therein mentioned, freed and discharged from the E Hates; Uses, and Trulls, to which the same are at present subject; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for inclosing and dividing the Moors and Commons within the Chapelry of Ilamfierly, in the Manor of Wolfingham, in the County of Durham.

Then the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill for dividing and allotting certain Fields, Meadows, Grounds, and common Pallures,in the Manor and Township of Skirpcnoeck, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein ment ioned, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

A Motion being made, that the Bill, with the Amendments, be iugrossed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer; by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consens, as far as his Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think lit.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 1.0 consider of the Account of the Charge of the several "Works carried on at Gibraltar, between 1 July 175G, and 30 November 1757, by the particular Order of the

Vol. 28.

late Governor the Right honourable the Lord Tyrant-ley; together with t he Paper, intituled; " Report and Observat ions — Gibraltar 17.38;"

Ordered, That the Account of all Slims of Money, which have been iffiicd, and to whom paid, by the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Revenues in Gibraltar\ by virtue of Orders from the Lord Tyrazvtey, late Governor there, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Copy of the

Coinrniftion appointing Lord Ty raw ley Governor of " Gibraltar," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Plans, Profiles, and Section, of the Fortifications of Gibraltar, be referred lo the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into thesaid Committce.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The othei1 Orders of the Day being read;

Rtf lived, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Payment of the Bounty upon the Exportation of Corn, unless sold at a lower Price than is allowed in an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws arc expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to he revived or continued, be taken into Consideratioit Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 14" die April:s;

Anno 310 Georgii IF1* Regis, 1758.

Prayers;

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Lands; Tenements, and Hereditaments, settled on the Marriage of William Norris, Esquire, in the said William Norf'is, and his Heirs; and for settling other Lands in Lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Wilkinson. Lord Downe, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vernon, Mr. This-tlethzvayte, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Lends, Mr. Tozvn/hend, Lord Varney, Mr. Fellozvcs% Mr. Clu/hry, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Chetivynd, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Affleck, Lord Royston, Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Morton, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Bacon, Mr. CarG tv rig ht i Mr. Brudenetl, Mr. Cooke, Mr. More, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Whiticorlh, Mr. Moore, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Buller, Lord George Manners, Mr. IIangeri Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Robert Hildyaril, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Gore, Mr. George On-Jlozc, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Charles Townshend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wills, Oxford,* Berks, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Venables Vernoii reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Trent, at or near a Place called Wilden Ferry, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him lo report to the House j and he read the 3 D Report

Bounty on Coni exported.

t.aws

Expiring:

Committees,

Norris*

E It ate.

Trent

Kiver

Bridge.

194

Report, in liisPlace: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Mefiagefrom the Lords, by Mr. Be mid and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Encouragement The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of Seamen. for |jie Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method /or the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more eably mVl readily to remit the fame, for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for preventing Frauds and Ahitfes attending such Payments; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Contract of Lease of Mines, between Charles Duke of Queenftcrry and Dover, of the one Part, and Ronald Crawfurd, James Craivfurd, and Daniel Tclfer, of the other Part; and for enabling the said Duke, and his Jleirs of Entail, to grant Leases in Terms of the said Contract: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Fonblanquc and Nicholas Baptist Auhert: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Mouse.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

14° Aprilis.

A. 17 58;

Duke of Q^fenfbeny's Mines.

Fonblanque

&c.

Nat.

B fliops Waltuam Reads.

Newton

lndoiure.

Improving

London

Bridge.

many of the Houses on the said Bridge; and have di-rested those that are now handing to be also taken down with all convenient Speed, in order to lay two of the Arches of the said Bridge into one, for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Thames; and did, at a very great Expence, ere hi a Temporary Wooden Bridge, to preserve a public Passage to and from the said City, till the said Arch could be completed; which Temporary Bridge being entirely con fumed by Fire* the Petitioners mull necessarily rebuild it with the great eft Expedition, at a further confulerable Expence; and that the Sum necessary for carrying on and completing this great.and nfeful Work, including the re-building of the said Temporary Bridge, is eliimated at about £.80.000: And, as the improving, widening, and enlarging, of'London Bridge, is calculated for tin? general Good of the Public, for the Advancement of Trade and Commerce, for making the Navigation upon the River Thames more safe and secure, and will tend greatly to the Preservation (5f the Lives of many of his Majesty’s Subjects, passing over and under the said Bridge, therefore praying the Mouse to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Belief, as to t he 1 Ioufe shall seem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the 1 Ioufe, That his Majeliv, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Gnifuieration uf the I Ioufe.

Ordered, That the said Petition be ixterred to toe Consideration of the Committee of the wie le Iloufc, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Thifildhwaijle presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Bishops Waltham, in the County of Southampton, over the Top of the Down, called Stephen s Ctijlle Down, and through Salt Lane, and Tichbounie, to the Town of New Alresford; and from the Market I Ioufe in the said Town of New Alresford, through Old Alresford, Bradley Lane, and over Hcrriard Common, to the Town of Odiham, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Bejblved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrofiVd Bill for dividing and inclosing Newton Moor, or Newton Common, within the Manor of Newton cum Benningbrough, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

Rcfoked,' fhat the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for dividing ar.cl inclosing Newton Moor, or Newton Common, within the Manor of Newton cum Benningbrough, in the County of York.

Oi 'dered, That the Lord Downe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the 1 Ioufe,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; taking Notice of the Bill now depending in the House, for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge,thePatTage over and through London Bridge; and for rendering the same more effectual; and also of the Petition presented to the House against the said Bill, wherein the principal Owners of Lighters, and other Craft, complain of the Duties, proposed to be laid by the said Bill, as unequal and hurtful to Trade; and alleging, That the Petitioners, in pursuance of the Powers given them by the said A cl, have already taken down

x9

An ingro/fcd Bill for dividing and allotting certain skirpenbeck Fields, Meadows, Grounds, and common Failures, in LuioLrc. the Manor and Towr./hip of Skirpenbeck, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Ihjoived, 'Fhat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting certain Fields* Meadows, Grounds, and common Palin res, in the Ma* nor and Township of Skirpenbeck, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmlei} do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingossed, to explain, amend, and enforce, an Act, made in the last Sc-Hi011 of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of tho Militia Forces, in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

Pr. 28.L. 34. j To leave out "Space of Three Years,"

35.) and inlert " Time of such actual Service."

And the fame was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the I Ioufe: And the Bill was amended at the 'Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, ami enforce, an Act,made in the laltSefifion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the belter ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according Reoifierin* to Order, a Bill for the public Registering of all Deeds, of Deds.° Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, thatlhall be made of, or that may aflefr, any Honors, Manors,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England, wherein Public Registers are not already appointed by Act of Parliament:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved,

31 Geo. II. 140 — -

Refihcd 1 That the Bil! be read a Second timei

OrderedThat the said Bill be printed.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, all Land Tax Account of all the Infupers returned or charged by Infupers. R-ceivers General of Aids by Laud Tax, from the 24th of June 1746, to the 24th o ‘(June 1 757*

Preventing Ordered, That it be ah Inftriidion to the Gentlemen, i v,l|° are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to

Srraw afeerlain the Weight of every Truss of Straw, brought or offered for Sale within the City of London, or any Places cornprifed within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall contain: and to pimith Deceits in the Sale of Hay and Straw within the Limits aforesaid; that they do make IVoviiion in the said Bill, to extend the same to all Places within certain Didances of any Part of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, where Hay and Straw are sold by the Truss.

Exrwration The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a ufCoim. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portugal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleafeto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next*

The other Orders of ( he Day being read.

Supply. Resolved, That this I Ioufe will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve iifelf into a Committee of the whole I Ioufe, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty i

Ways ' Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-and Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Bounty Refilucd, That this House will, upon Turf lay Morn-

»iCom ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Exported. House, upon the Bill for prohibiting he Payment oft he Bounty upon the Exportation of Corn, uulcfs sold at. a lower Price than is allowed in an Act of the First \ear of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary.

Laws 7 Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who Expiring. Were appointed to consider what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

LuncCy 170 die Aprilis \

Anno 310 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1738.

Prayer®.

Boor’s O IR Charles Mordaiuit reported from the Committee* Name. to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act to enable Charles Dagot, now called Charles Chester, and his Sons, to take the Surname of Chester; and for carrying an Agreement therein mentioned into Execution; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk Viable.

Vol. 28.

170 Jdprdis. 194

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to trie Clerk of the Crown, to make diit a new Writ for the electing of u Burgess to serve iii this present Parliament for the Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, in the Room of Nicholas liar dirge, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, Thai Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enforce and render more effectual an Act, made in the 35th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for annexing certain Forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establifti a Method of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof, fur the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mix Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Ojiccdd, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill forenlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the 19th Year of t he Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads t herein mentioned, and for making the said Act more effectual; and the other passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol; and the other passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,to explain and amend the same A(51, and for making the said Ac is more effectual, and also for repairing other Roads therein mentioned; and for making all the said Acts more effectual, and for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads 5 was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table ! Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Second Amendment in Folio 10. Line 6. being severally read a Second time, were* upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Charles Toxonjhend of Yarmouth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition offe\eraI Traders and Inhabitants within the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk* and the Liberties thereof, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place,; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read, and is as folio weth; viz:

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr* William Cullier being examined, laid. That the South Town is within the Limits or Liberties of the Borough of Great Yarmouth; and that he knows of no other Liberties belonging to the said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved,

Eve

Writ.

Scotch

forfeited

Estates;

Gioucester$ & c. Road*.

Yarmouth Small Debt*.

ip6 iy° Aprihs. A. 1758.

Resolved, 'fhat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved. That Provision be made for the more easy and speedy Recovery offmall Debts within the Liberties of the Borough of Great Yarmouth.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Borough of Great Yarmouth; that they do make Provision in the said Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Liberties of the said Borough.

Birmingham Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee,

and Edgehill to whom the Bill to continue and render more effectual Roads. Two Acts, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the 18th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads lending from Birmingham to Edgeliiil, in the County of War-zoiclc, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Shrew (bury Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom

Road?. the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, refid ing in or near Shrewsbury; as also of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 2t)th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the down of Shrezvfbury, through Ellefniere, in the Count jof Salop, and Overton, in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Griffith said, That he knows the Back Lane described in the Petition, which is of no Use to Travellers, and is not frequented in Winter; that unless it is flopped up, the Trustees mull be obliged to erect Two Toll Gates within 100 Yards of each other; but that One Collector may serve for both Gates.

Mr. Broione confirmed the aforegoing Evidence; and added, That unless the said Lane is (topped up, People going to OJzvcftry may avoid paying the Toll.

Thomas Cooke laid, That he knows the Passage along the Bed of the River Severn, which is only paflhblc when the Water is quite low; and it will not be of any Prejudice to Travellers, though they should not be allowed to make Use of this Passage: And the Witness further said, That if a Toll Gate is not erected at Cotton Hilly the Tolls payable upon the Road between Shrewjbiiry and BaJcl lurch may be avoided; and likewise the Tolls on the Shrewsbury and Oswestry Road will be considerably lessened.

Ordered, That, it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads from the Town of Shrew/-bery to Westbury, and from Shrezvfbiny to Minsterley, in the County of Salop; and from Shrewfoury to the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery; and from Shrew f-bury to the Town of Oswestry; and from the Finger Post, near Oswestry, to Knochin; and also from Cotton Hill in Shrewsbury, to BaJ churchy in the County of Salop; is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill forftoppingup a Lane, called the Back Lane,

leading out of the Road from Shrewfnny to Pool and Ojivejiry, at a Place called G or fly Bank, to Rc/Jdl Gale;

and also the Lane or Passage along the Bed of the River Severn, from the Watering-place between the CaiilcGate of Shreivsbury and Cotton Hill, to the Fluff, on the Road between Cotton Hill and BaJchurch; and a 1 so to i m now er the Trustees for repairing the Road from Shrewjinny to Wrexham, to erect a Turnpike on that Road at Cotton Hill in the Town of Shreusbury.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for the House tb Wafo resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, disposable by Parliament, of 1 he Produce of the Sinking Fund, on the r}th Day of April 1 758, be referred to the* said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from 1 heComniiitec, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiii pleaietorcr^mMhofanuc

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again. 1

Bcjuhed, That this House will, upon VGcdnoj'J.nj Morning next, resolve itself into h Commiitee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Charltony according to Order, reported from the portion Committee of the whole I louse, to whom the Bill for of Culm, the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to;

Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portugal, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s'Fable: Whore the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Se cond time, one by one; and, upon the Question icverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the more effectual compelling OverfeCrs of the Poor to obey Orders, made by J nltices of the Peace, Kclief< for the speedy Relief of impotent and necessitous Poor; and to explain the Laws with regard to the Power of Justices of the Peace, to order Relief 011 fuddeti and emergent Oecaflons; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Symonds,

Mr. Bankes, Sir Charles Mordaunf, Mr. Prowje, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Probyn, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Rice, S r John Cust, Mr.

More, Gw Francis Da/hwcod, M r. Affleck, Sir Cor del Firetrace, Mr. Fellowes, Mr, Cocks, Mr. Smith, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sandys. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Howell. Mr.;

Gore, Mr. Foley, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Ward,

Mr. Thorotun, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Willoughby AJ'ton, Mr. Kynajiou, Sir John Gordon, Mr.

Iluffey, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Korlhey, Mr. Willey, Mr.

Pill, Mr. Chester, Mr. Harvey, Sir Edward Turner,

Mr. Townshend, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Buller, Mr.

Lyjler, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Gq/hry, Mr.

Hume, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Harley, M r. Dig by, Sir. Trift,

Mr. OIndus, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Jarrit Smith; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in" the Speaker’

Chamber: And all who come are to have Voices.

An

31 Geo. II. 170 — 18

Fonbknque, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Fonblanquc, and Nicholas au Baptist Aubert, was read the First time.

Brjblved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ear! of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Kerry* to enable Sir Maurice Crojbie, Knight, or any future Estate. Guardian of Francis Thomas Earl of Kerry and Lirnaw,

in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Minor, to discharge an Incumbrance on certain Collieries and Coal Mines in the County of Durham, Part of the Estate of the said Earl, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of Shelburne, Sir John Cit/l, Lord Cmysfort, Mr. Simons, Sir William Irby, Mr. Whit worth, Mr. Harley, Mr. Heioett, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Ph ilipps, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Herbertl, Mr. Brijlozoe, Mr. Bayntuu, Mr. Townshend, M r. Bacon, M r. Cooke, M r. Martin, Si r Charles M or daunt, Mr. Smith, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Stanley, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Bagot, S\r Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Staunton, Sir John Crojje, Mr. More, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Waller, Mr. Scott, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Prozvfe, Colonel Honeywood, Mr. Townshend, LordPowerJcourt, Mr. Campbell; and all the Members who fefve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancajfer, and York And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Old An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual Four fe-Stratford veraj A ft s of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Dmichurch of her late Majesty Queen Ann, the Eleventh

ttoad. Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and in the Tenth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, respectively, for repairing the Highways from Old Strafford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; ihz.

Pr. 6. L. 31. After<c being," to insert " or any Nine w or more of them."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making more effectual Four several Acts of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ann, the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and in the Tenth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, respectively, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Importation A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common of Cattle Council of the Town and County of Haverford West, tom Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Grand Jury of the said Town and County, at the Great Seihons held in and for the said Town and County, on Tuesday the 4th Day of April 1758; and also of the i Merchants, and other substantial Inhabitants of the fame'Town and County, whose Names are thereunto likewise subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners understand that a Bill is brought in for the Importation of live Cattle from I Ireland: And praying. That the said Bill may pass into

a Law, since the Petitioners verily believe, that the

I same will be attended with great and national Advan-

1 tages; and that no Prejudice can possibly arise there-

from, except, perhaps, to some few self-designing Particulars, whose private Interest the Petitioners hope will never be suffered to (land in Competition with the pub-

0 Apr ills > 197

lie Benefit, by the House j in whole Wisdom and Goodness the Petitioners do entirely confide.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, for a Time to be limited, be read the Third time.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Recruiting Report from the Committee of the whole Houie, to the

whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of Forcc,#

his Majesty *s Land Forces and Marines, was committed;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Writ of Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for giv- Habeas ing a more speedy Remedy to the Subject upon the or Pu*. Writ of Habeas Corpus.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Cust took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Cujl reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday SuPPIT-Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to oonlider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who i*, were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or Expiring, near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 180 die Aprilis\

Anno 310 Georgii IIa Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

THE Lord Royfton reported from the Committee, to Wicken, whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and ^rwnafe* County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Gru/tf Ouse, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South Eaii by the Hard Lands of IJleham, Fordham, Soharn, and Wicken; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,andfound the same to be true; and that the Proprietors of 16,900 Acres, or thereabouts, had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the whole Quantity of Land intended to be drained is about 17,000 Acres; and that the Proprietors of the remaining 100 Acres had been applied to, and declared they had no Objection to the Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report inhis Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by oue; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon,

3 E were.

198 i8° Aprilis. 1758,

Leeds,

&c.

Road.

Scotch

forfeited

liftafcs.

Northleigh

Inclosure.

v

were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ipgrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from Lecds to Sheffield, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 58. L. 2. To Leave out " the Day," and infort " Tuesday."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York.

And then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Ordered, That the Lord Downe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enforce and render more effetNU d an Act, made in the 25th Year of his present Majest/s Reign, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the fame, and apply ing the Rents and Profits thereof, for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scot-Ipnd, and preventing Disorders there for the future: Aud the same was received; and read the First time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed JBdl for diyiding and inclosing certain open and common Fields, called Northleigh Common Fields, and a Common or Waste, called Northleigh Heath, within the Parish or Township of Northleigh, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 24. To leave out " Esquire:"

L. 25. To leave out " Esquire," and, after " Burfordf to insert " in the said County of Oxford,

<c Esquire:"

Pr. 6. L. 12. After " Persons" to insert <c who, at of the Time such Survey shall be made as aforesaid, shall " be:"

Pr. 31. L. 31. After "Lives" to insert " and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill \vas amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, called Northleigh Common Fields, and a Common or Waste, called Northleigh Heath, within the Parish or Township of Northleigh, in the County of Oxford,

Ordered, That Sir Edward Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

to amend an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation and supplyiag the Defects of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor, so far as the same relates to Apprentices saining a Settlement by Indenture; and also to impower dustices of the Peace to determine Differences between Matters and Mistresses and their Servants in Husbandry. touching' their Wages, though such Servants are hired for lefsTime than a Year; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act EIe^.ors for further explaining the Laws touching the Electors Knjghrsof of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that the Shire. Part of Great Britain called England, without any. Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Verncy’i foiling divers Lands and Tenements and Shares of Lands Eiiatw. and Tenements, in London, Middlesex, and' Surrey, of and belonging to Ralph Earl of Verney, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Mary Counjcfs of Verney, and Dame Henrietta Maria Clayton, respectively; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in purchasing other Lauds and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof: To which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the commou and open Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Pieces, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the 'Township of Gey don, in the Parish of Bishops Itchington, in the County of // ’arwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Pieces, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Township of Geydon, in the Parish of Bishops Wellington, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mor daunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ocvdon

Incioiurf.

A Bill for allowing a further Time for holding the Meetings of First Meetings of Comm illi oners or Trustees for putting w5a in Execution certain Acts, made in the Jali Session of Acts. Parliament, was read a Second time.

Ref lived, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Turner, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Tiiorolan, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Hczvetl, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Sir Matthew Lambe,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Vilnius, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mor* datin', Mr. Ridley, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lifter, Mr Medlycott, Sir John Croft, Mr. Symmons, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Tozvnfhcnd, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Bayntun, M v. Lowndes, Mr. Probyn,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Rowney, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Frederick, Sir Matthew Fealherjlonehaugh, Mr. Thijllcthwayfe, Mr. Dclaval,

Mr. Guidon, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Wilkes, Sir John IV ynne, Mr. Gajhry, Sir John Philipps, Mr. C r after i and all the Members who serve for the Comities of Norfolk,

.Suffolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

fnclosing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Commons amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the and 39th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An ^Trcet^ Act for inclosing, by the mutual Consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preferring Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees: And that Mr. Nugent, Major Qeueral Cornwallis, Mr. John Pitt, and Sir John Philipps, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Settlement A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and . of Mr. Edwards:

ApZmCC5 Mf. Speaker.

Indenture. . The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act i5

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Earl of Egmont, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to raile Money for purchasing Lands in Great Britain, for the Purposes of his Marriage Settlement, by Mortgage, in Read of Sale, of Part of his Irish Eftale, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow do carry the'B.11 to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordftups.

Sir John Cufi, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill forgiving

Ertr! of Egmont's fills.tr*.

Writ of

Habtis

Corpus.

G,

3i Geo. II. i8° jtfprUis. C&99

giving a more speedy Remedy to the Suhject upon the of themselves and the rest of the Parishianei*, *vhich

Writ of Habeas Corpus, was committed, the Amend- was preleuted to the House upon the ioth Day of

ments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and JFcbruary last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table,

which they had directed him to report to the House; might be again read:

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards And the same being read accordingly;

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Trent An ingrafted Bill for building a Bridge cross the River kivtr Trent, at or near a Place called Wilden Ferry, was read

BwllS‘- the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge crois the River Trent, at or near a Place galled Wiiden Ferry*

Ordered, That Mr. Venables Vernon do carry the Bill to thef'Lords, and delire t heir Concurrence.

Yaunouth M r. Charles Toxovfnend of Yarmouth presented to the

Debts. House, according to Order, a Bid for the more easy and speedy Recovery of ftnall Debts within the Borough of Great Yarmouth, and the Liberties thereof: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cofchester Mr. ReboW presented to the House, according to Or-Oyfler der, a Bill for regulating, governing, preferring, and Fishery. improving, the-Oyfler Fishery in the River Colne, and Waters thereunto belonging: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Securing the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Dock Yard*, veiling certain Messuages, Lands,'Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores,at Portsmouth, Chatham, an ^Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for the Use of his Majesty; and for making a just and reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments: And that Mr. Earle, the Lord George Sackville, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. West, Mr. Charles Frederick, Mr. Wilkin fan, and Mr. Charlton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ways Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is its followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Four hundred Ninty-two thousand Four hundred Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, dif-pofable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, on the 5th Day of April 1758, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

St. The House was moved, That the Petition of the Mi-c'ures*# ntfler?Clnirchwardens, Vestrymen,andotherInhabitants, Vr’clltninilci. °* ^1C of Saint Margaret, Wekminster* in behalf

i Vol. 28.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir John Crosse, Major General Cornzvallis, M.r. Fonereau, Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Tozvn-Jhend'Sir Charles Mor daunt, M r. Smith, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Bacon, Sir John Cust, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lyster, Mr. dCy-nafton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thoroton, Lord Royfton,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Charlton, Mr. More, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Nor they. Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Proufc, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Rebozo, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Amcotts, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, M r. Bay n fun, YovdStrange, M r.

Butler, Sir John Armitage, Sir Roger Newdignte, Mr.

Lexvis, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Cooke, Lord Cary fort, Mr.

Butter, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Wigley, Mr. AldermanBeckford, Mr. Craftier

Mr. Hume, Mr. Whitworih,^Av. Hill, Mr. Hanger,;Mr>

Belchier, Mr. Nugent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Eft ex, Ken{, and Surrey, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in t he Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit; and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. /

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Bishops Town of B {/hop's Waltham, in the County of Southamp-, v^a^ni ton, over the Top of the Down called Stephen's Castle oa s* Dozen, and through Salt Lane and Tichbourne, to the Town of New Alresford; and from the Market House in the said Town of New Alresford, through Old Alresfcrz'd9 Bradley Lane, and over Herriard Common, to the Town, of Odiham, in the said County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mv.Thi/lle-thzvayte, Mr. Earle, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Lyjler, Mr.

Wilkinson. Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Fy nafton, Lord Strange, Mr. Cooke, Mr .'Clayton, Lord Caiysfort, Mr.

Berkeley, Mr. Gore, Mr. More, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Smith,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Trijt, Sir Francis Ppole, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hume, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Bayntun, Sir William Beauchamp Protdor, Mr. Fellowes,

Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Drake, Mr. Bw-got. Mi*. Lezvis, Mr. Rozvncy, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Medlycott, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Delaval; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Surrey, Berks, Wilts, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five; of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common, open, Hareby and arable Fields, and common Meadows, in the Manor Inclosure.; and Parish of Ilareby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew Lambe, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Thistlethwcyle, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Edward Montagu, Mr. More, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Lynch Salujburjf Cotton, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Cust, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Alderman DickinJ'on, Mr. Townshend, ^Iv.Gore, Mr.

Ridley, Mr. Walter, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ilewett,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Whichcot, Mr.

Buller, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Pal-mer, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Drake, Mr. Amcotts, Major General Cormvallis, Mr. Bnidcnell, Mr. Chester, Mr.

Harvey, Mr. lezvis, Mr. Shelley, Sir Charles Mordaunt>

Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fijker, Mr. Delaval,

Mr. Bayntun; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Northampton, Huntingdon, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The

500

18° Aprilis.

A\ 1758.

28.

*7

Improvement#

at

Charing

Crois.

Manning The Order of the Day being read, for the House to the Navy. velbJve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually Manning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships and Vessels in the Merchants Service;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair. '

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the You, j }

TeUersfortheNoes.jl^ary.sftrt,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

/ Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gore reported from the Committee,1That

they had gone through the BilI, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners of the F reehold and I n heri tance of several Buildings, Houses, Grounds, and Estates,situate on the West Side of the Street, leading from Charing Cross towards his Majesty’s Palace of Whitehall; and also the Petition of the several Inhabitants of Charing Cross, and Parts adjacent, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed; had been severally referred; and to whom the Report of the Matters of the said Petitions was re-committed;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Payment of the Bounty upon the Exportation of Corn, unless sold at a lower Price than is allowed in an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary j

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Recruiting The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Land Forces. whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’sLand Forces and Marines, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Laws The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Expiring. Report from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth *, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Years of the

Affixe

of

Bread, &c.

Bounty on Corn exported.

Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; which by several Acts hath from time to time been continued, and by an Act, made in the 6«h Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making perpetual several Acts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was further continued until the First D i\y of September 1744, and from thenceto the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also several Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, in the aforementioned Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; and which by the said Act were to continue in Force until the First Day of September 1744, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Act, together with the said several Clatifes, Powers, and Authorities, were, by several subsequent Acts, made in the r 7th and 24th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued, until the First Day of September 1 757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the gth Year of the Reigfn of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for themore effectualpuniihingwicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects; and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; which by several subsequent Acts, One made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the others made in the 6th, 10th, 17th, and 24th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the First Day of September 1757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Clause in an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making perpetual several Acts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank; which was to continue in Force during the Continuance of an Act, made in the gth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and which by another Act, made in the ioth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued during the Continuance of the afore-mentioned Act, made in the gth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the 17 th and 24th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued / until the First Day of September 1757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Clause in an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making perpetual several Acts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop Binds growing on Poles, in any Plantation of Hops; which was to continue in Force during the Continuance of an Act, made in the gth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the 10th, 17th, and 24th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the First Day of September 1757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That'it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Clause in an Act, made in the ioth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing an Act for the more effectual punching wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects; and for themore speedy'bringing the Offenders to Justice; and for other Purposes therein mentioned to extend, during the Continuance of the said Act,all the Provisions therein contained for themore speedy amleafy bringing the Offenders against the said Act to Justice, and the

3 i Geo. IL i 8°- — -i

201

the Persons who shall conceal, aid, abet, or fuccotir, such Offenders; and for making Satisfaction and Amends to ail and everythe Person and Persons, their Executors and Admin istrators, for the Damages they shall havesustained or fnffered by any Offender or Offenders against the said Act; and for the Encouragement of Persons to apprehend inch Offender and Offenders; and for the better and more impartial Trial of any Indictment, ordnforma-tion which shall be found, commenced, or prosecuted, for any of the Offences committed against the said Act; together with all Restrictions, Limitations, and Mitigations, by the said Act directed, to all Cafes of Offences committed, by unlawfully and maliciously cutting down the Bank or Banks of any River, or any Sea Bank, whereby any Lands shall be overflowed ordamaged, or by unlawfully and maliciously cutting any Hop Binds growing on Poles, in any Plantation of Hops, or by wilfully and maliciously setting on Fire, or caufmgto be set on Fire, any Mine, Pit, or Delph of Coal, or Cannel Coal; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the 17th and 24t.hYears of his present Majesty’s Reign, wras further continued until the First Day of September 1757, and h orn thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Eefolvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Clauses in an Act,. made in the 10th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph of Coal, or Cannel Coal; or unlawfully hunting or taking any red or fallow Deer in Forests or Chafes; or beating or wounding the Keepers or other Officers in Forests, Chafes, or Parks; which were to continue in Force during the Continuance of an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the 17th and 24th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, were further continued until the First Day of September 1757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament 3 are near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Eefolvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and from the said Colonies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships, built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; which was to continue in Force for FiveYears, from the 29th Day of September 1739, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the 17th and 24th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the First Day of September 1757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Eefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act made in the 5th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; which was to continue in Force for Three Years, from the 24th Day of June 1732, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the 9th and 16th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1750 5 and which by another Act, . made in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was amended, and further continued to the First Day of September 1757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Eefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; as relates to the Importation of Wood and

Vol. 28.

Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty’s British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Custotns and Impotitions whatsoever; which Was to be in Force for 21 Years from the 24th Day of June 1722; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the 16 th and 24th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the.First Day of September 1757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Eefolvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the ipth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster; and which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of September 1746 For the Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by Two subsequent Acts* One of the 23d and the other of the 24 th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the First Day of September 1757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament 5 is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Eefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the gth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further encourag-. ingand regulating the MaUufacture of British-made Sale Cloth; and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail Cloth imported into this. Kingdom; which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1736 for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the 13th and 24th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty* w as further continued until the 25th Day of December 1757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Eefolvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 4th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of Britisfi-made Gunpowder; which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 24 th Dayofjwwei 731, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the 10th, 16th, and 24'th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 2 4 th Day of June 17 5 7, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Eefolvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, to be computed from the 24th Day of June 1733* and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the 1 itli 19th, 26th, and 29th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1759; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

OrderedfThat the said Report betaken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 190 die Apr ills;

Anno 31* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

pRAYERSi

/^RDEEEDyThat the Order of the Day, for taking into " further Consideration the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to consider what Laws are ex-3 F pired.

xpiring

Laws

Ditto*

’ pired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; be now read:

And the find-Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the TenFirft Resolutions of the Committee,being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Three last Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, postponed.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the Ten First Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Bacon, Mr. Moore, and Mr. Charlton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Waysand Meansforraifing the Supply granted to his Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the Three last Resolutions of the said Committee, which have been postponed.

Wilnecote Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the Bill for confirming andestablishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields Within the Manor of Wilnecote, in the County of Warwick; and also for erecting and working One or more Fire Engine or Fire Engines, for the more effectual draining the Coal Mines in the said Manor; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of about 84 Acres, the whole Field intended to be inclosed, containing about700 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Coramittee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, ope by ope; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of theip, agreea to by the House: Apd an Amendment was made by the Hpufe to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Exportation An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of the Ex-t Culm, portation; of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portu-. gal, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portugal.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Account of Ordered, That there bo laid before this House, an Account of the Pripes that have been paid; for Beef for vic-hfCMIor. tualling his Majesty’s Navy, from Christmas 1730 to t e av). Chrijinuis 1757; distinguilliing each Year*

Bod.iington An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the common inclosuic. Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Grounds, Heath, and walle Ground, of Upper Bod-ding ton and Lower Budding ton, within the Pafifh of Upper Boddington, in the Chunty of-Northampton; and for settling a Rate, or certain annual Sum of Money, to be paid in lieu of the Tythes of certain old Inclosures within the said Parish: was read the Third time.

li'Jblvcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act fordividingandinclosing the common Fields, com m o n Pa ft u res* c* 0nuno iriS Ieadows, commonGrounds,

1758.

Heath, and waste Ground, of Upper Boddington and Lower Boddington, within the Parish of Upper Boddington,in Hie County of Northampton, and for settling a Rate, or certain annual Sum of Money, to be paid in lieu of the Tythes of certain old Inclosures within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Cu/t reported from the Committee, to whom Lord the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Bulkehy’i carry ing into Execution several Contracts made by, or 011 behalf of, James late Lord Bulkeley, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in his Life-time, for the Sale of several I^ands and Tenements, in the County of Anglesea, and for applying the Purchase-money to dilebarge Incumbrances affecting the fame, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the BiII,andmade an Amendment thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hisPJace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

Pr. 16. L. 33. After €t Successors," insert<c and all " and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic " arid Corporate."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put tliercupon,agreed to by the House.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are subscribed. Undertakers for the Delivery of Ships loaded of with Coals, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the CoaIhca?cri. Persons exercising the said Business, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find themselves and their Clmrafters greatly affected by a Petition presented to the House, in the Name of several labouring Men employed in the unloading of Ships and;

Vessels bringing Coals into the River Thames, commonly called Coalheavers; and also by a printed Paper, de-' livered at the Door of the House; and alleging, That the Petitioners hope they can makeappearto the House, that the said Charges against them are untrue: And therefore praying the Hop ft1. That they may be permitted by themselves, or their Counsel, to be heard concerning the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed,iu behalf of themselves, and many Hundred other indullri-ous labouring Men, employed in the unloading of Ships and Vessels bringing Coals into the River Thames, commonly called Coalheavers, is referred: And that thefePetitioners be heard by themselves, or CounfeJ, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Commit- Westminfor tee, to whom the Petition of the several Fifliermen trad- Ftfk Market, i n g t o R////ngsgate,\vhofe Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and all others, the Fishermen trading to that Market, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the a2d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for making a free Market for the Sale of Filli in the City of Westminster; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read; whereby, amongst other Things, certainDuties were directed to be paid byFiflier- (

men for eachVessel bringing Fife.to WepniyJlerNfarket; and the Trustees in the said Act named, or any Five or more of them, were yearly, within Six Weeks after the

25th

31 Geo. II. 190 Aprilis* 203

45U1 Day of December, to make up and deliver in to the Justices for Westminster, at any petty or Special Sessions assembled, a just and perfect Account, in Writing, fairly entered in a Rook to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, of all Money which (Irouldbe received or disbursed under the Authority of the said Act, during the preceding Year, with the Balance, if any, remaining in the Hands of the said Trustees; and such Accounts were to be kept by the Clerk of the Sections, amongst the Records thereof, to be inspected by any Person upon Payment of 1 y. to the Clerk: And if any Surplus of the said Sums should remain in the Hands of the said Trustees, the same was thereby appropriated to, and should be applied yearly by them, within Twelve Months next after the delivering of such Accounts to the Justices, as aforesaid, in the binding out Boys Apprentices to Fishermen, Mkfters of Ships,or some other Person or Persons employed in the Sea Service: And also another Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said First-mentioned Act, waslikewife read; by which last mentioned Adit was, amongst other Things, enacted, That if any Fisherman, or other Person, Master or Owner of any fiftiing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or fiftiing Vessel, coming from Sea, or other Person having the Conduft of such fiftiingShip, Sloop, Smack, or fiftiing Vessel, Natives or Foreigners, employed either in catching, bringing, or vending, of Fifti, for the Supply of the Cities of London and Westminster, should break Bulk, or make Sale of his of their Fifti, or any Part thereof, between Hartcick and the Nore, or between Margate and the Nore, to any Person to fell again, or should not enter their Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other fiftiing Vessel, at such Place or Places, and within such Time, as therein after was mentioned, or should keep any Shell or other Fifti whatsoever in such their Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other their fiftiing Vessel or Vessels, or in any Well-boat or Store-boat, after such their Arrival, so as not to fell off their whole Cargo of Fifti within the Space of Eight Days, to be reckoned from the Day of such their Arrival at the Nore, as aforesaid, and thereof should be convicted before One or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Kent or Essex, or befote the Mayor, Recorder, or 1 stich Aldermen for the Time being, who had Power to

aft as Justices of the Peace within the Corporations of

IQueenborough or Gravesend, in manner mentioned in the Act, and which Conviction should be final, and without any Appeal whatsoever, such Ship, Sloop, Smack, or fiftiingVessel, Boat, Store-boat, or other Boat, into which

i the said Fifti, or any Part thereof, should be unloaded or

I delivered, with all Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, to

1 the same belonging, together with the whole Cargo of

Fifti, should be forfeited by the Owners thereof; and l disposed of, One Moiety to the Informer, and the other

Moiety to the Trustees appointed to put the said recited Act of the 22d Year of his said present Majesty, aftd the reciting Act of the said 29th Year of his said present Majesty, in Execution, to be placed by them, or Five or more of them, or their Order, so the general Account of Surplus of Profits arising from the Fifti Market in tire said recited Act mentioned, and to be appro-I printed as the said Surplus in the said Act is directed.

Arid, by the said Act last recited, the Trustees; or any Nine or more of theirr, are impowered to appoint a fit Person to inf^eft and search every fiftiing Vessel, Well-boat, or Store-^boat, at any time after their Arrival at the Nore, or in any Part of the River Thames between the Nore and Billingsgate Dock, to take an Account, as well of the Arrival of such Vessel or Vessels within the said Limits, as of the Time of felling the whole Cargo of Fifti 1 brought in such Vessels, and of the breaking Bulk, and

unloading such Vessel, and shifting the Cargo, or any

Part thereof, into such Well-boats or Store-boats, and of the Delivery or felling off such Cargo, as directed byT the said Act; and such Person is thereby empowered to* enter all fiftiing Vessels, for the Purposes before men-- Vol. 28.

tioned; arid in case he shall be molested in his 'Duty;' Westmi'nfter the Person molesting him is to forfeit the Sum of Ten Flfl* Market-Pounds.

And, after the 24th Day of June 1756, the Act directs, that there should be paid to his Majesty’s Searcher at Gravesend, for the Certificate of the Entry of the Arrival of any such fiftiing Vessel, the Sum of Two Shillings, whereof Six Pence was to be retained by the Searcher, to his Use, and the remainingOneShilling and Six Pence was vested in the said Truste'es, to be by them applied, in the First place, to pay such Inspector, and for the Charges of a Boat, such yearly Sum as any Nine of the Trustees should think reasonable; and, if any Surplus remains, the same was to be applied in the same manner as the Surplus arising from the Tolls and Duties of the said First-mentioned Act are directed to be applied.

And by the said last Act the Master, Owner, ehief Officer, or Mariner, who should have the Care or Con-dust of any such fiftiing Vessel, or Boat, as aforesaid, was within Three Days after the Arrival of any such Vessel, or Boat, at the Nore, truly to report the Time of such Arrival to his Majesty’s said Searched at Gravesend, or to the chief Officer of the Customs there, who was to enter the same in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, and give a Certificate thereof.

Then, tofhew the Inconveniences the Petitioners are subjected to by the lift-mentioned Act, the Agent for the Petitioners called,

John Brookes: Who said, That he was Master of Three1 or Four Vessels in the Cod and Lobster Trade; in which Trade there are more than 100 Vessels employed; which Vessels are worth from £. 500, to/. 50. exclusive of their Cargoes; and that, on account of Winds, Tides, Calms, and Fogs, it isfometimes impossible to get to the Office at Gravesend, to enter their Vessels; and that noOfficer is always there: And he instaiiced a Person whole Vessel was lately seized, though he went to enter the fame, but found no One at the Office: And said, That if a Vessel arrives at Gravesend in the Night, the Master is obliged to wait till the next Morning to make his Entry ^hereby the Vessel fometimeslofes aTide, and, inconsequence, a Market 5 and, besides, by the Negligence of Servants,

Matters may be fhbjefted to the Loss of their Vessels:

But the Witness acknowledged, that he himself was never at the Office, but when somebody attended there.

William Clark, who has been a Fisherman 35 Years, and traded to Billingsgate, said, That great Inconveniences arise to the Trade, from being obliged to stop to make an Entry at Gravesend: That the Tides some-trmes happen so that they cannot itop; and if a Vessel arrives in the Night she cannot have a Certificate till the next Day: But the Witness said, he did not know the Office Hours, and was never there in the Night:

*Thdt about Ten Days ago, between Three and Four o’Clock in the Afternoon, he vvas at the Office, which was open, but nobody was in it; and that he waited a Quarter of an Hour, and no Officer came; and that be had been" disappointed in this manner Six or Seven Times; and that he had suffered greatly, but could not say how much; and that he should have made his Entry at the Time he speaks of, had any One been in the Office to have received his Money; and that his Vessel, which was worth about £.200, was seized, for the not making of the Entry, and is now detained: That after the Seizure of his Vessel he went to the Office, and the Inspector told this Witness, that it was inMiis Bread to mitigate the Thing: That a Cargo of Fifti is worth from £. 8 to £. 45; and a Ship makes about Eleven Voyages in a Year, and sometimes is out a Fortnight; and at other times Two Months.

Isaac Cook, a Fisherman at Gravesend, said, That Vessels oftener arrive there in the Night than in the Day- time; and that they make the Entries in the Day-time:

That there are Four Officers at Gravesend; but the'*

Witness said. He had been Three Times in One Day at the Office to make an Entry, and could not do it, as no Officer was there to receive the fanie, although the Office

was

2.04 19 ° ^pri. j4. 175 8.

Westminster was open; and that these Delays often occafidn th& AIarltct* Loss of a Tide, and the Market, to the Fishernian:

That the Officers are sometimes not to be found at their own Hoif fes, as they are obliged to be on board of Ships; and that though the Office is always open, yet frequently no One is there: That the Witness does not know the Office Hours, and never was at the Office in the Night; believes the Fishermen are not obliged to stay to enter coming to Market, but may do it as they go back again, if it is within Three Days after their Arrival at the Nore.

And being asked, Why he did not leave a Man at Gravesend, to enter his Vessel ? He said, It was bad trading to Servants.

And being asked, Why the Fishermen do not come directly to Market with "their Fiffi ? He said. Sea Fiffi won't live in freffi Water; wherefore the Fishermen flop as long as they can with the Tide, and fend their Fiffi in Boats to Billingsgate: That Fishmongers don’t buy above a Tenth of the Fiffi sold at Billingsgate / but generally buy the largest Qods: And that Fiffi is put up in Lots at Billingsgate, and so fold there to the bed Bidder; and that the Salesmen who fell the Fiffi for Fifliermen are paid by Fiffiermen £. 3. io.r, per Cent. for felling the fame; and more Fiffi than ever is now brought to Billingsgate.

Richard Stradling said, He had been a Master Fiffier-man 35 Years; and that his Vessel is worth £.400, and is about 40 Ton Burthen; and that he navigates it with 7, 8, or 9 Men; and pays the Master One Guinea, and the other Men 13s. or 145, a Week; and that a Cargo of Cod is worth from £. 5 or £. 10 to £. 40; and that the Passage from the Nore to Gravesend sometimes takes Three or Four Days, and sometimes only Half an Hour; and that if a Vessel should arrive at Gravesend in the Middle of a Tide, the flopping to enter the same there may lose the Tide, which is a Prejudice to the Fish: That the Witness had been twice at the Office, to enter his Vessel; but found no Person there, and could not enter his Vessel; but left a Friend to enter her for him, and so run on to London; otherwise he must have loft his Market, or have run the Risque of losing his Vessel for not making his Entry: And added. That the Officers do not attend at Night:

That the Fifliermen have no Objection to Westminster Market; the more Markets the better: That they often endanger the Loss of their Vessels to save the Market at Billingsgate, and frequently lose the Market too.

And, being directed to give your Committee an Account of the common Method of setting up the Trade of a Fiffierman,

He said. The Fifliermen generally mortgage their Vessel, and pay 10 per Cent. per Ann. for the Loan of the Money; and the Risque the Lender runs of lofixig his Money, if the Vessel should be loft: And that he apprehends, that, if the Acts herein before-recited continue, no Persons will lend Money on the Vessels for the future, by reason of the Vessel’s being liable to be forfeited under the Acts aforesaid; and that Three or Four Years ago the Trade was better than at present: That the W itness has loft by his Trade this Year; and, if the Acts continue, nobody will lend Money on the Vessels, because the same may be loft; and £. 5 per Cent, of the £. 10 per Cent, is for Insurance: That the Witness has been out of Pocket by his Trade this Year, and cannot maintain this Trade if the Ad continues: That Wages and Provisions are high in Time of War, and Vessels are obliged in Time of War to carry more Men than they do in Times of Peace; and the Men are sometimes pressed, or enter on board Men of War: And that Fifliermen lose a Day by flaying at Gravesend; and the Fiffi are much worse for keeping.

James Page, Master of a fiffiing Vessel, confirmed the Evidence given by the last Witness; and said further. That he had a Vessel seized which cost £. 400, notwithstanding the Master of her went Five Times to make the Sntry at Gravesend; but could find no Officer at the

Office; and that the Veffiol and Cargo hath been ffitce ibid for £. 64:

That when his Veffiel was seized he went to Mr, Coombes. the Mayor of Gravesend, and applied lo him for the Witness’s Vessel; who told him, he must buy her: And the Witness got Friends to try to prevail on Mr. Cornu bes to HU her as cheap as possible; The Secretary to the Tru (tees told the Witness, that it was i?i Mr. Coombes $ Power to serve him r Bar Mr. Coombes would not meet at the public House that he ha.' 1 appointed the Witness; and then the Witness affied Mr. Coombes What he should do ? Mr. Ccombes told him. There was an elderly Woman in the l ow 11 who kept t lie Red Lion, who could make more Interest for the Witness than any of the Gentlemen could; and on which the Witness resolved to go to the old Woman; and in going the re called upon his Friends, and told them, they could be of no Service to him: That afterwards the old Woman’5 Maid came to the Witness, and he went with her*to Mrs. Chambers (theold Woman); and as soon as the Witness came toiler, <he called him by his Name (though lie never law her before), and said, She heard he was under a great Misfortune, and that she could be a Friend to him; but first I>e must give her Three Guineas: Oil which the Witness alked her. For What ?. She said, By giving Three Guineas to her, ffie would save him Twenty Guineas; but would not take the Witness’s Word for Three Guineas: Then he gave her the Three Guineas, and the went away with it, and in 7 or 8 Minutes came back, and told the Witness, That lhe had been with Mr. Coombes, and that the Witness might have his Vessel again: And afterwards Mr. Coombes told the Witness, That Mrs. Chambers had been with him, and gave a very good Account of the Witness, and upon that he would fell the Witness his Vessel again: And the Witness asked him, How much he must give? And Mr. Coombes said,^. 30; but at last: he was prevailed upon to let the Witness have his Vessel again for £. 28: And the Witness thereupon paid that Sum to Mr. Coombes and got his Vessel again, and sent her to Sea; and afterwards advised with Counsel about the Seizure; when, being informed the same was illegal, Witness applied to the said Mr. Coombes to get the Money back again that the Witness had paid him; on which Mr. Coombes told the Witness, That, if he infilled on his Money again, he, the said Mr. Coo??ibes, must go to the King’s Bench, for he had not the Money; and the Witness hath never had any of his Money back again And the Witness also gave Evidence oft he Delays occasioned by flopping at Gravesend, to make the Entries as the said Act of the 29th Year of his present Majesty directs; and said, The same enhanced the Price of Fiffi: That Fifliermen as often come in the Night as in the Day to Gravesend; and, if not obliged to flop there, could often save the next Day's Market.

Mr. John Kittennajler, who is a Fiffierman, Suleiman, and Fiffimonger, said. That he has Six fiffiing Vessels of his own, which carry 8 or 9 Men in a Vessel, and which colt £.600 apiece, and which he employs during the fiffiing Season; and that he employs from 13 to 1500 Men in the different Branches of the fiffiing Trade for Six Months in the Year; and that fiffiing Vessels are out sometimes 14 Days, and at other times Six Weeks on a Voyage; and that he has brought the fishing Trade to greater Perfection than ever it was; and that, from the 2.6th of November to the Beginning of last June, he brought to London above 500,000 Lobsters; and from Scotland, last Year, 14,000 Kits of pickled Salmon, bc-fides great Quantities of firefli Salmon; and from iter-wick from 1,500 to 2,500 Salmon Trouts a Week:

That he is under great Uneasiness left his Servants should omit to make the Entries of his Ships employed in the Fishery as the Att directs; and that he has sometimes sent a.Meffciiger from London to Gravesend, to enquire if due Entry was made there of his Vessel: And said. It would be a great Convenience to Trade, if a Person was appointed at Billingsgate, to make the Entries, and srive

Cer-

c.

3i Geo. II. 190 dprilis. 205

Certificates, so that the Fifliermen might not be obliged , to flop and wait at Gravesend to make such their Entries:

That the Witness has been a Loser by his Vessels for Three Years lad; and should be glad to quit the Business of a Fiflierman, if he could find Purchasers for his Vessels; and that no Person can be sure of his Property who follows the Bqfmefs of a Fiflierman while the Penalty fub-fists; but that the Payment of the Duty is not of so great Consequence to the Fifliermen as the Penalty, and the Difficulties attending the making the Entries at Gravesend': That the Dutch importTurbot on Contraft; and that no English are concerned with them: That they fell such Turbots by Ta&ors; and are supplied with Bait from the River Thames; and that not above 40 T u rbots in a Year are brought to London for Sale except what are brought by the Dutch.

Richard Pewrings, who has been Master of a Smack 24 Years, being examined, said. That he conduds his own Vessels, and that lometimes he is One Tide and other times Three Tides in coming from Gravesend to Billingsgate: That One of his Vessels is now on Sale, the Times being so bad that he cannot maintain or go on with his Trade:

That the common Method of setting up the Trade of a Fiihcrman is, by borrowing Money upon the Vessel; and that the Duty and Penalty affect the Fiflierman’s Credit; for if the Payment of the Duty ftould be omitted the Vessel is forfeited, and the Fisherman undone; and that the flopping to make the Entry sometimes loses the Market; and that if the Duty was took off it would be a great Ease to the Trade; and that this is the gene- ral Opinion of the Trade:

That the Duty is is. each Voyage, which amounts to about Four-and-twenty Shillings a Y'ear upon a Vessel;

but the Delay of entering is so great, that the Witness would rather pay a Duty of Three Shillings a Voyage at Billingsgate than the present Duty of Two Shillings at Gravesend.

Henry Thames, who has been Forty Years in the Fishing Trade, said* That out of Twelve Vessels, in which he has Shares, he hasonly received Interest this \ ear for his Money from Two of them/. That Ten Years ago the Fifliermen made their Payments regularly; and thak he will venture no more Money in the Trade unless the Penalty is taken off, as by the Neglect of a Servant a Vessel may be forfeited; and that this is the general Opinion of Persons concerned in this Business:

That for One thousand Pounds, he has now in this Trade, he should be glad to take Six hundred Pounds; but if the Duly and Penalty were taken off, he would continue the Business.

And being asked, Whether, if the Penalty was to be taken off and the Duty continued, he would go on in the Business? He said. Not in "lime of War: That the Duty is not much, and, if it was taken off, the Trade would not do in Time of War: That the great Number of Vessels employed in this Trade has hurt it, which is One Reason for his desiring to quit it; but that the Duty and Penalty hurt it worse; for though he never yet loft any thing by the Penalty, he is in danger of losing every Farthing he lends on a Veil'd, as long as the Penalty remains; and that, if the Duty and Penalty were taken off, more Vessels would be employed in Times of Peace than are at present.

Being alked, Yvhether the Duty doesnotfallupon the Consumers? He said, No, not a Farthing of it; it falls on the Mailers of the Vessels: And he added, That if the Penalty remains, he will not continue his Money in the Trade.

John Solletts, who has been Eleven Years in the Trade of a Fiflierman, and has a Smack worth about £. 500, said, That he is afraid of losing her, not being on board always himself; and that Six or Seven Vessels are no*w to be sold at Harwich for that Reason; and that if the Duty and Pena 1 t v conti nue, it w i 11 drive him, and several others, from the Trade; for that sometimes a Vessel is Five or , Vox,. 28,

Six Tides in getting from the Nore to Gravesend, though sometimes only Half aTide; but that they arrive oftener in the Night than in the Day, and no Person being at the Office to receive the Duty, they must lie by a Tide, or be liable to lose their Vessel; That this Delay is detrimental to the Fish, and is very burthensome to the Fifliermen; for, if they lose the Market on Friday, they are obliged to whit till Monday, very little Fish being fold on Saturday:

That before the Duty was laid on, they could fcareely get Bread by their Business, and the Duty enhances the Price of Fish to the Consumer, and has occasioned many Vessels to be laid by: That the Complement of Men is Nine to a Vessel; and though Eight could bring her from Gravesend, yet if a Man was sent on Shore, to pay the Duty, he would certainly be pressed:

That the Witness has known Seven or Fight and Twenty Vessels with Fish at Billingsgate at a time, as they were obliged to come up within a limited Time, otherwise they would not fend up so many together; and this makes Fish cheaper at sometimes, but dearer at others.

William Rutter, a Salesman at Billingsgate, said, He had been in that Business 23 Years; and that if a Vessel is detained a Night at Gravesend, flie can’t save the Market the next Day; which is a great Prejudice to the Fifliermen, and also to the Fish:

’ That the Witness was concerned in a Vessel which was seized aboutThree Weeks ago,worth above 300 Guineas: That the Master oflier went to the Office at Gravesend, to pay the Duty; but found nobody there but the Maid; and he came away, to save his Market, at Billings-gate, without paying the Duty; and the Vessel, seized as aforesaid, hath been since sold by Auction for £. 50: That the Master has the Vessel again at present; but the Witness could not say, whether he has any Concern in her or not; but said, he, the Witness, had got no Part of the £. 50 returned to him:

That the Vessel, so seized, went back to Gravesend as soon as her Cargo was fold, and the Master was going to the Office to pay the Duty, but met the Officer by the Wa v; who told him, he need not do it; That the Reason of the Witr.efs’s knowing this, is, the Master made Oath of the whole Tran faction before the Lord Mayor of London, in the Witness’s Presence:

That the Duty and Penalty are very great Hardships upon the Fishing Trade, as an Hour’s Delay may be often attended with a very great Loss; and that several Persons say, they will fell their Vessels if these Hard-ships continue.

1 hat if the Two Shillings was lobe paid at Billingsgate, it would be better for the Trade, than to have it paid at Gravesend; but could not always be paid at Billingsgate within Three Days from the Arrival atth eNore; for sometimes a Vessel cannot get up in Six Tides, as they can’t Tide it without coming to an Anchor; and iu Fogs they sometimes lay at an Anchor for Six Tides: That if the Duty and Penalty were taken off, it would encourage the Trade, as the Duty falls upon the Owners of the Vessels; and the Detention of the Vessels to pay it is a Grievance.

Arthur Chambers, of London, Fiflimonger and Salesman, said. That the Duty and Penalty a fifed the Trade, as the Delay in making the Entry sometimes is the Loss of aTide; and that it would be better if the Duty was to be collected at Billingsgate than at Gravesend: That the Loss of a Tide affects the Fish; and, if they lose the Market on Friday, little Fish being fold on Saturday, they must consequently wait till Monday:

That, he believes, if the Duty continues, many , People will fell their Vessels; and that Five or Six are now on Sale; but nobody will buy them:

That at present there are 100 Vessels employed in the Cod Trade; which, in general, make Niue or Ten Voyages in a Yrear each.

Thomas Harris, a Fiflierman at Gravesend, said. That he had been in the Trade above Thirty Y'ears, and is 3 G Master

Westminster Fish Market.

20 6

19" Apr

A 1758.

Westrmnfter Master of Two Vessels: That lie thinks the Duty and Market* Penalty great Hardships upon the Trade, as they sometimes don’t clear is. in a Voyage: That the Delay occasioned in waiting to make the Entry is a Hardship; and that the Jaft Voyages his Vessels made, they were both obliged, on account of the Wind, to come to London, without making the Entry 5 and that this is often the Cafe.

That, as the Witness lives at Gravesend, he took a Boat, as soon as he saw his Vessels arrive, and went to Gravesend, and made the 1 ntry of them there himself; but had the Vessels belonged to a Person not resident there, the Vefleh would have been liable to have been forfeited, unless a Messenger had been dispatohed there purposely to make the Entry, as the time allowed for that Purpose would have been elapsed before the Vessels could have returned there; and that this mud often happen from Fogs or otherwise; and that this is a great Discouragement to the Traders, and to Persons who lend Money upon the Vessels; and it is the Opinion of the whole Trade, that the Business will fall to Decay if tl)e Act continues; but that, if the Duty and Penalty were taken off, the Business would be followed with Pleasure:

That One of the Witness’s Boats cost him^. 500, and the other £.60o; and that the Expences attending a Vessel per Annum, including Wear and Tear, Wagfes, Provisions, and other Expences, is about £. 70.

Then, in order to shew the Method of felling Fish at Billingsgate,

Mr. William Chancellor, an Officer under the Lord Mayorof Ltf/zctoz,said, That he had served the Office of Under Water Bailiff of the City of London, and had attended the Fish Market at Billingsgate several Years: That his Business there was, to fee that no Fish was fold before the Bell was run":

That the Market is free and open, and any Person may buy auy Quantity of Fish there he thinks fit: That in Summer the Market begins at Three o’Clock, and in Winter at Five, in the Morning, and continues till about Eleven:

That Turbots, and other Fish, are fold in Lots from the Forms or Stalls there, and that any Person may buy a single Fish there; but that single Fish are seldom fold there: That Cod Fish is there laid in Lots, from Four, to Four or Five Dozen, in each Lot, and sold to the belt Bidder:

That he believes a single Fish could not be bought early in the Morning; but at the latter End of the Market a single Fish might be bought; and that the Fishmongers buy the befl: of the Fish, and the Basket People buy the small Fish: And that he believed the Duty was prejudicial to the Trade.

Then, touching the Accounts directed to be delivered yearly, within Six Weeks after every 25th Day of . December,

Thomas Ford said, That, on the 7 th Day of February last, he went to Mr. Feary, the Clerk of the Petit Sessions for Westminster, to fee the Accounts which the Tin flees by the said Acts were to deliver in, and Mr.

produced to the Witness, Two Accounts delivered in by the Trustees, One on the 30th January 1750, an(l

the otheron the 4th Day of February 1752----- The First

commenting from the nth October 1749, and determining on the 25th December 1750; and the other commencing from the said 25th December 1750, and determining on the 25th December 17515 and said, that the said Mr. Feary told the Witness, that no Accounts of the Trustees had been since delivered into the Petit Sessions for Westminster.

Then Mr. Feary produced to your Committee the said Two Accounts:

And also an Account, commencing the said 25th Day of December 1751, and ending the 22d February 1758; but which was not signed or allowed by any of the said Trustees.

And by the First of the said Accounts it appeared, that only the Sum of £.10. 12$. yd. had been received for ll

the Duties of Vessels bringing Fish to the said Westminster Market, between the uthO&ober 1749 anf* l*je 2(* April 1750: And by the 2d and 3d of the said Accounts, nothing appears to have been received on Account of such Duties; and that no Apprentice had been placed out to Sea, according to the Provisions of the said Acts: But it appeared by the Third Account,

That, on the 6th January 1758, there had been received of Gilbert Elliot Esquire,

Searcher of the Port at Gravesend, for 880

fishing Vesselsentered and paid in his Office,

during the Time Mr. Coombes was Inspector,

from the 25th June 1756, when the said Act

of the 29th Year of his present Majesty com- £. s. d:

menced, to the 24 th June 1757 - - 66 o 0

Of D° for 492 fithuig Vessels, entered and paid in his Office, from the 24th June 1757

to the 30th November following - - 36 18 o

Of William Harriot, High Constable of Gravesend, a Moiety of a Seizure of a fishing Smack, called the Susannah and Elizabeth,

Nicholas Stayner Owner, and Kenerick Gibson Master, for not entering, and paying the Duty of is. - r - -25140

And by the said last mentioned Account it also appears, that there was paid, on the 6 th of January 1758, to Mr. Philips, Inspector of the lishing Vessels,£ 24. 12 <\ as his Allowance of 1 s. a Vessel for 40a Vessels enured in the Searcher’s Office at Gravesend, to the 30th November 1757 - - - -24120

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, mode in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fill) under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Wilkes, Sir John CroJ/e, and Major General Com-wallis, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Probyn be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to amend and render more efteciual an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for inclosing, by the mutual Consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preserving’Frees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees.

An ingossed Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, low Grounds, and Commons, in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, low Grounds, and Commons, in the Pariilies 6f Chatteris and Doddington, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That the Lord Boyft on do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in William Bead Esquire, and his Heirs, several entailed Estates in the County of York, in order that the same may be fold; and for the settling another Estate, in the said County of York, to the like Uses; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

that

5

Inclosing Commons and preserving Trees.

Chatteris,

&c.

Drainage.

ReaiT*

Eftat*. 1 vjj

CaWer

Navigation.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ways and Meant*

Supply.

31 Geo. II. 190

that the Parties concerned had given their Canfent to the Bill, to tlte Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Mills, Coal Mines, and other Mines, Woods, Forges, Furnaces, and other Works, and of the Inha- # bltants, in and about the Town and Parish of Hudders-.field, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also,

A Petition of the Gentry, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, Owners, and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Mills, Pye-houses, and other Work?, upon or near the River Colder; and others. Inhabitants of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York; whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and alfp,

A Petition of tlte Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Land" owners;. Farmers, a nd princi pal Inhabitants,of the Towns of Brigg and Caijler, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; re-citingjTbat by the Bill brought into the House for extending the Navigation upon the PiiverCfl&fcrup v to Brook/mouth, in the Parish of Halifax, and for making navigable the River Hebblc, Ilalig, or Halifax Brook, from thence up to Salter Hebble Bridge, near the Town of Halifax; and also for further extending the Navigation of the River Colder from Brookfnoulk aforesaid to Sozver by Bridge, in the said Parish; it is provided, that certain Persons therein to be named, their Heirs and AGigns, shall be Undertakers for carrying on and continuing the said Navigation, with Power to take certain Tolls upon Goods or Vessels passing on the said River; which Tolls are proposed to be vested in the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns; as real Estate of Inheritance, for their foie Behoof and Benefit; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the said Bill is passed into a Law, as it uow (lands, it will be detrimental to the large Trade carried on in the Weil Riding of the County of York, and not of that Utility to the Kingdom in general, as it would be if the said Tolls and Profits were veiled in Trustees, for the Use of the Public, towards discharging the Monies that shall be borrowed and expended in making the said Rivers navigable: And therefore praying. That the 'Foils and Profits arising on the said Rivers may (in case of such an Act passing as aforesaid) be veiled in Trustees, for paying off and discharging the Monies tobe borrowed and expended In making the said Rivers navigable; and afterwards thattheTrustees may be empowered to decrease and lower the said Tolls, in fneb Mannner and Proportions as ?nay be necessary for keeping the said Navigation passable, and in good Repair; and to grant such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Gonfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

BfJ&fved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-ipg next, resolve itself into the said Committee*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Sqpply granted to his Majesty 5 Ordered, That the Copy of the Convention between his Majesty and the King of Prujia, concluded and signed at London, the 11 th of April 1758: — and Trans-Jatjqn; fye referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 28,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 38,009 Men, of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttel, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Buckeburgh; and also Estimate of the extraordinary Charge of the said Troops; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Troops of the Landgrave of HeJJe Cqflii, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty, for 365 Days, from the 25th Day of December 1757 to the 24 th Day of De~. eember 1758, both Days inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1757, not provided for by Parlia- raent, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Lord Mayor, AN dermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Com* men Council assembled, which was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of January lad; and the Report thereupon from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House refol ved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr'. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received -To-morrow Morning.

Mr.. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the due making of Bread, and to regur latethe Price and A ftize thereof, wascommitted, be taken into Consideration upon TueJ'day Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Payment of the Bounty upon the Exportation of Corn, unless sold at a lower Price than is allowed in an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary\

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling divers Lands and Tenements, and Shares of Lands and Tenements, in London, Middlesex, and Surrey, of and belonging to Ralph Earl of Verney, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Maiy Countess of Verney, and Dame Henrietta Maria Clayton, respectivelV; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr.Rerfor/et/reported from the Comm it tee,to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, one pasted in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An A6lfor enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, pasted in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for making the said Act more effe6tua|; and the other pasted in the 22d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing Two Acts of Parliament,

the

Assize

of

Bread, Ire.

Bounty on Com exported.

Verney’s £ dates.

Gloucester,

&c.

Roads.

Kirkleatham

Charky.

Leatherhead

Road.

Duke of

Queensberry’s

Mines.

20%

19* — 20*Jprilis. . A, 1758.

the one passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol; and the other passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act, and for making the said Acts more effectual, and also for repairing other Roads therein mentioned; and for making all the said Acts more effectual; and for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads, was re-committed; That the Committee had madefomefurther Examination, in relation to fome of the Matters contained in the said Bill: but, not finding it necessary to make any other Amendments thereto, had directed him to report the Bill, with the Amendments, to the House: And he delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley have Leave to make a

Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Si rjohn Turner reported from the Committee, to whom Meetings of the Bill for allowing a further Time for holding the First undtTc^uio Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wereonce read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Gore reported from the Committee, to cirencester whom the Billforrepairingand widening the Road from to Cirencester, in the County of Gloucefei\ to Cricklade, in Crick!a<k the County of Wilts, was committed. That the Com- a mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the^xnnmittee had gone through the Bill, and made feverar Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 20° die A prills j Anno 310 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1758.

Pra y ers.

MR. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the several Charities of the Hospital and Free School at Kirkleatham, in the County of York, of the Foundation of Sir William Turner Knight, deceased, and the Possessions and Revenues thereunto belonging, pursuant to the Will and Codicil of Cholmley, Turner Jateof Kirkleatham aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen wTho are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing and widening the Hoad from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead to the Maypole at the upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoake, near the Town of Guldeford; and from the said Town to the Di reding Post near the Town of Farnham; and from the Stones End at Kingston upon Thames to the 1 own of Leatherhead, in the County of Surrey; that they have Power to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for repairing and widening the said Roads.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Contraft of Leafp of Mines, between Charles Duke of 2ueensherry and Dover of the one Part, and Ronald Craicfurd, James Cruwfurd, and Daniel Telfer, of the other Part; and for enabling the said Duke, and his Heirs of Entail, to grant Leases in Terms of the said Contraft; was read the First time.

llcfolved. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Oi:dered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, R to whom the Petition of t he several Persons, whose Names of

are thereunto,subscribed, iu behalf of themselves, and Coalheaven. many Hundred other industrioits labouring Men employed in the Unloading of Ships and Vefids bringing Coals into the River Thames, commonly called Coal-heavers, is referred, That they do admit the Petitioners to be heard by themselves, or Council, against the Petition of several Persons,whosenamesaresubscribed, Undertakers for the Delivery of Ships loaded with Coals, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Persons exer-giling the said Business, referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to whom wo<tfonl the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Incl°rure-common Pastures, common Meadows,common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Woodford, otherwise Halfe Woodford, in the County of Northampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee *, except the Proprietors of Six Yard Lands, and One Quarter and Half a Quarter of a Yard Land, who were applied to, and refused to sign the Bill, but said they would not oppose it; and that the Whole consists of Thirty-one Yard Lands and an Half; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bagot's to enable Charles Bagot, now called Charles Chester, and Name,

his Sons, to take the Surname of Chester; and for carrying an Agreement therein mentioned into Execution; was read the Third time.

Refobed,

31 Geo. II.

Ctilcter

Navigation*

Ditto.

j Ditto.


Ditto*

Ditto.


t;

Resolved, That the Bill do pa&.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them* that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Gentry, Merchants* Manufadlu-rers, Tradesmen, Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Mills, Woods, Coal Mines, and other Works, in and about the Town and Parish of BradfordI, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also,

A Petition of the Land-owners, Farmers, Makers, Drafters, and Manufacturers, ofbroad and narrow WooL len Cloth, and other Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Towns, Villages, and Hamlets, of Mi?:field, Heckmohd-zvike, High Town, Robert Town, Lillie Tozvn, Harijhe'ad, and Clifton, upon and near the River Colder, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also,

A Petition of the Land-owners, Farmers, Makers, Drafters, and Manufacturers, ofbroad and narrow Woollen Cloth, and other Inhabitants of the several Parillies, Towns, Villages, and Hamlets* of Sandall, Thornes, Crigglefion, Offett, Heaton, Dezvfbiny, Bat ley, and Bcr-stall, upon and near the River Colder, in the West Riding of the County of York* whose Names are thereunto subscribed* and also,

A Petition of the Land-owners, Farmers, Makers* t)reffers, and Manufacturers* ofbroad and narrow Woollen Cloth* and other Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Towns, Villages, and Hamlets, of Kirkheafon, Almond-bury, Whitley, Hopton, Eniley, Flakton and IIor bury, upon and near the River Colder, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York s

Were severally presented to the Ploufe* and read $ reciting, That by the Bill, brought into the House, for extending the Navigation upon the River Colder up to Brookfmonth, in the Parish of Halifax; and for making navigable the River Hcbble, Ilalig, or Halifax Brook, from thence up to Salter Hcbble Bridge, near the Town of Halifax; and also for further extending the Navigation of the River Colder from Brookfmouth aforesaid to Sozcerby Bridge, in the said Parish; it is provided, that certain Persons therein to be named, their Heirs and Assigns, shall be Undertakers for carrying on and continuing the said Navigation, with Power to take certain Tolls Upon Goods or Vessels passing on the said River, which Tolls are proposed to be vested in the said U ndertakers, their H ei rs and A fligns. as real Eft ate of Inheritance, for their foie Behoof and Benefit; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend* thafeif the said Bill is passed into a Law* as it now Hands, it Will be detrimental to the large Trade carried on in the West Riding of the County of York, and not of that Utility to the Kingdom in general, as it would be if the said Tolls and Profits were vested in Trustees, for the Use of the Public, to be applied towards dischargi ng the Monies that shall be borrowed and expended in making the said Rivers navigable t And therefore praying, That the Tolls and Profits arilingon the said Rivers may (in case of fuel) all Act palTingas aforesaid) be vested in Trustees, for paying off and discharging the Monies to be borrowed and expended in making the said Rivers navigable $ and afterwards that the T ruftees maybe impowered to decrease and lower the said Tolls, in such Manner and Proportions as may be necessary for keeping the said Navigation passable and in good Repair; and to grant such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Pet itions be referred to the Con-Vol. 28.

sideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing further Time for lnrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists* and for Relief of Protestant P11 rclinfers; and that Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ragot, and Sir Thomas Palmer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee* to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Tct-bury to the Gates on the West of Simons Hall Dozen, and frhm the Turnpike Gate at the Top of Frocester Hill to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester, towards Bath, and from the Field called Boiddozvn Sleight to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horjlcy to Tctbury, near Tittup's Inn, and from the Market-house in Tctbury ’to the Turnpike Road on Minch in Hampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchin Hampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Tayloes Mill Pond, in ChalfordBottom, and through//zV/e to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direclod him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; atidafterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the said Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Mr. Charlton, according td Order, reported fronyhe Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; artd afterwards delivered in at the Clerk*s Table: Where the same were read} and are as folloVvelh; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion cf this Committee, That a Sum* not exceeding Six hundred and Seventy thou land Pounds, begrantedto his Majesty, to enablehis Majesty tomdke good his Engagements with the King of Prussia, pursuant to a Convention between his Majesty and the King of Prussia,concluded April the 1 ith, 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion cf this Committee* That a further Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Sixty -threethousand Eighty-four PoundsSix Shillingsnnd Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Thirty-eight thousand Men of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttle, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Bucket burgh, together with that of General and Staff Officers, actually employed against the common Enemy, in Concert with the King of Pntffia* from the 28th November 1757* to the 24th December 1758* incltifive; to be issued in advance every Two Months* in like manner as the Pay of the Hessian Forces now in the Service of Great Britain; the said Body of Troops to be mustered by an English Commissary, and the effective State thereof to be also ascertained by the Signature of the Commander iti Chief of the said Forces.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* Fhat a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Eighty-six thousand Nine hundred Fifteen PoundsThirteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, in full Satisfaction fordefraying the Charges of Forage, Bread Waggons, Train of Artillery, and Train of Provisions. Wood*

3 H Straw

Pa pi ft s Wills and Dtfeds.

Tctbury

Roads-

Supply.

Improvements

at

Charing Cross.

Tetbury

Roads.

2 10

20° — -2\° Aprilis. A. 1758.

Straws Sc. and all other extraordinary Expences, Contingencies, and Lodes whatsoever, incurred, and to be incurred, on Account of his Majesty’s Army, confiding of Thirty-eight thousand Men, actually employed against the common Enemy, in concert with the King of Pruf-Jia, from the 28th Day of November last, to the 24 th Day of December next inclusive; the said Sum to be issued, from time to time, in like Proportions as the Pay of the said Troops.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Forty-five thousand Four hundred Fifty-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings and One Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services incurred, in the Year 1757, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-five thousand One hundred Seventy-five Pounds Four Shillings and Ten Pence Half-penny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of what remains to be paid for Two thousand One hundred Twenty Horse, and Niue thousand Nine hundred Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejje Cassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for 365 Days, from the 25th Day of December 1757 to the 24th Day o f December 1758, both Days inclusive; together with the Subsidy for the said Time pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is thgOpinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be applied towards the rebuilding ofljondon Bridge.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Floule.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of several Buildings, Houses, Grounds, and Estates, fitnate on the Welt Side of the Street leading from Charing Cross, towards his Majesty’s Palace of Whitehall; and also the Petition of the several Inhabitants of Charing Cross, and Parts adjacent, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed; had been severally referred; and to whom the Report of the Matters of the said Petitions was re-committed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

TheOrdermade this Day, for takinginto further Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury to the Gates on the West ot Simons Hall Down, and from the Turnpike Gate at the Top of Frocefitr Hill to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards Bathj and from the Field called Bouldozvn Sleight to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horfiey to Tetbunj^ near Tittup's Inn, and from the Market-house in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchin Hampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchin Hampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt AJIi, and from the said Turnpike Road to Taylues Mill Pond, in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

*9

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the lielidue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause being o fie rod to be added to the Bill, for reimbursing such Parishes as shall be fined on account of Defects ill the Roads mentioned in tl.e Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-coitiulitted with respect to the said Clause.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, t‘6 whom the same was committed.

Mr. Tiiiftlethivayte p re fen tc-d to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town cfStockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Bellmour Lane, to the 'l of of Stephen's Castle Dozen, near the Town of Bishops Waltham, in the said County; and from the said City of Winchefer7 through Otferborne, to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Thistlethzcayle haVe Leave to make a Motion, il being after Four of the Clock i

And he moved the 11 oil fe accordingly.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tithe.

Mr. Thistlethzvayfc presented to tboHoiish,according to Order, a Bill for repairing am! widening (lie Roans from C haze ton Pond, in the Parish of Chazoton, in the County of Southampton, through Rtmfdean Bottom, IFft* mean, Warnford, Exton, Bishops Waltham, and over Sherrill Heath, and through Wickham and Fa reham, to the Town of Gosport; and from a Place called Hedge Coi'-ner, near Rumfdean Bottom aforesaid, to the Town of Petersfield; and from Exton aforesaid, through Dr oxford; to the East End of Sherrill Heath aforesaid, in the said County; And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. 77/ijtlcthzvayte have Leave to makd a Motion:

And he moved the Ilomfe' accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second t ime.

And th&n the House adjohrned till Tc-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2i‘ die Aprilis;

Anno 31 Georgii IT1 Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

MR. Cartwright, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing arid iiidofing the opert and Coratnon Fields in the Parish of Helmcwnj in the County of Northampton, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Parties Concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, vtith the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then sL Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Floufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be irigrofled.

Mr. Chauncey Townsend presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill f$r altering, widening, amending, and lhortening, the Road leading from Pcngutc, in

the

Stockbrid

ZVc.

Road.

- -

P r-

C-"'-:

Hdmrioni

I u cloture.

West bury, &c. Roads*

b,

ft-b'anque,

Nat.

Preventing Frauds in felling Straw.

fenxtoii Small Debts.

Birmingham and Edgehill Roads.

31 Geg. II. ±i° JprtUs. at

the Ptirish of Wef/bury, in the County of Wilts-, to Lat-chefs Bridge, m ar the East End of the Town of'Market Lavington, in the Parish of West Lavington, in the fairl County 3 and also the Road leading from Market Lavington Dozen, down Market Lavington Hill, to and through Market. Lavington aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road near Deweys' Waters in the Road loading from Weil Lavington aforesaid to the Town of Devizes, in the said County of Wilts and also the Road leading from Boltjborou.gii, down West bury Hill, through thO Town of West bury, across Allmur/h Fields by Yarnbrooke, to Sludley Lane End, adjoining to the Turnpike, Road leading from Trowbridge to Becking ton, in the County Somerset\ and also the Road leading from Yarnbrooke aforesaid, up West Ashton Hill, through Semniitigtoit, to the Turnpike Road at M'elksham, ill the said County of Wills: And the same was received 5 and read the First time*

Rtftolvecls That the Rill be redd a Second time.

An ingrossed Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Fonblanqile and Nicholas Bap-tift^Aubert, was read a Second time.

RefolvCd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kyiiajlott, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Lyjler, Mr; Medlycott, Mi\ Alderman Dickinson, Sir Charles Mordannf, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Probyn, My. llewclt. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Cor del Fire brace* Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Foley, Mr. Vyher, Mr. More, Mr. Che/lers Mr. Gore, Mr. Symons, Mr. Rankes, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Smith, Sir RYdticis Drake, Mr. Waiter, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Vernon, Lord Eg mo til* Mr. Drake, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. linldane, Mr. Ofivald, Mr. Yorke, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Pitt, Lord Verney, Mr. Wilkiyfon, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Lee, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Townshend, Sir John MolrJ-worth, Mr. Campbells Sir John Cujl, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Barry; and they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to ascertain thd Weight every Truss of Straw, brought or offered for Sale within the City of London, or any Places Comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places mentioned in the said Bill, shall contain; and to punish Deceits in the Sale of Hay and Straw within the Limits aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First time.

fte/alved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed;

Mr. George Onslow reported from the Committee, to wiiom the Bill for tile more enfy and speedy Recovery of (mail Debts within the Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one} and, upon the Quction severally put thereupon, One of them was di fag reed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: Arid an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue and render more effefitual Two Afits, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the 18th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Birmingham to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: 'And that the Title V'OL. 28.

be* An Act to cohtinueattd render ririore effectual Two Afits of Parliament, made in the 12th Year or the Reign of.his.late Majesty, and in the.j 8th Year, of l lie Reign of his present Majesty* fur repairing the Roads Jeaftitfg from Birmingham to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick.

; Ordered\ That Sir Chirles^ MordAunt do carry thfc Bill to the Lords, and deft re their Concurrence.

A Bill to enforce and render npore effectual ap Afit* made in the 25th. Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estatesin Scotland to the Crown unalienably, and formakingSatiffaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and toefla-blish a Method of managing the fame* and applying the Rents arid Profits thereof for the better civilizingand improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Dif-orders there for the futurey was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the . Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejbleeds That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee?, to whom the Bill for explainingand amending an A fit, made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridges and for rendering the same more effefitual is committed, be discharged from pro4* ceeding upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House Will, upow Wednesilay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the last of the Refolu-tioris, which were Yesterday reported from tile Committee of the whole House, to whom it. was referred to confider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and Were then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same was, as agreed to, by the House, read accordingly* and is as followeth; viz. .,

" Refolveds That a Sum* not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds* bd granted to his Majesty, to be applied " towards the rebuilding of London Bridge."

Ordered, That it be an Inflrufition to the Committee of the whole House* to whom the Bill for explainingand amending an Act* made in the 2,9th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to improve* widen* and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge; and for rendering the same more effefitual; is committed. That they have Power to make Prpvision, in the said Bill* pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That Mr. Evelyn, Mr. George Onslow, and Sir John Cujl, be added to the Geqtlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to amend and render more eftefiiual an Afit, passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for inclosing, by the mutual CouTent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber of Underwood; and for mqre effectually preventing the unlawful Deft rufit ion of Trees.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution several Contrafils made by or on behalf of James late Lord Bulkeley, in the Kingdom of Ireland\ in his Life-time, for the Sale of several Lands and Tenements, in the County of Anglesey, and for applying the Purchase-money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill* with the Amendment, do pal’s;

Ordered*

Scotch

forfeited

Eftatfci.

Improving

London

Bridgf.

Supply,*

Inclosing

Commons

and

preferring

Trees.

Lord

B.tflkeley’s

Estates.

.1

21 0 Jforilis, A. 1758.

Ordered, That Sir Cujl do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Gloucester, An ingrossed Bill forenlarging the Tcrms And Powers of &c. . Two Acts of Parliament, onepalfed in the rgth Yearof the

Road*. Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act forenlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kin"

'George the First, for repairing the Road from the Cily of Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for making the said Act more effectual; and the other, palfed in the 22d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firli, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, and the other passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act, and for making the said Acts more effectual, and also for repairing other Roads therein mentioned; and for making all the said Acts more effectual; and for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, l’everal other Roads; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 41. L, 20. After " required," to insert " on " Six Days Notice :"

Pr. 62. L. 28. To leave out " Eight,*' and insert Ten

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Hill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rcjulved, That the Bill do pass: And thaiT the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Terms alid Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, one palfed in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act foren-larging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fiill, for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for making the said Admore effectual; and the other palfed in the 22d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the one palfed in the i3tlfYear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol\ and the other passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act, and for making the said Acts more effectual, and also for repairing other Roads therein mentioned; and for making all the said Acts more effectual: and for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence*

Read's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

sEstates. for vesting in William Read Esquire, and his Heirs, several entailed Estates in the County of York, in order that the same maybe fold; and for the settling another Estate, in the said County of York, to the like Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment*

African Mr. Hunter, from the Commissioners for executing the

Porn and Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain presented

Settlements, to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copy of a Letter from Captain Barton, Commander of his Majesty* Ship the Litchfield, dated at Antigua, the 13th of January 1758, inclosing a Copy of the State and Condition of the several Forts on the Coast of Africa as inspected by him, as also Copy of au Order given by l9

him to Captain Brown, of the Centaur, to proceed ih Quell of a French Privateer which had been on the Coali> being the kill Accounts received at the Admiralty Office since thofefrom Captain Weller, of the Assijlance.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Con- Tideration of tire Committee, who are appointed to consider of the several Papers, Reports, Surveys, and Drawings, relating to the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa: And that they do examine these Papers; and ilate the Matters therein contained, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

The said Papers are prei*erved Umongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported from Manning the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the the more effectually Manning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships and Vessels in the Merchants Service: was committed; the Amendments which the Committee 1 had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confidep-ation Tomorrow Morning.

Mr* Nugent presented to the House, according to Or- j,doling c-er, a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, Commo^ passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and intituled, An Act for inclosing, by the mutual Consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting' and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Deflrucfion of Trees: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. IVa pie:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act teed< for establishing Agreements made between Charles Waggon-Brandling Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of way* Lands, for laying down a Waggon Way, in order for the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of LccdL^ in the County of York, with Coals, without any Amendment.: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Biff, intituled, An Act Ottririgham to confirm and establish Articles of Agreement for divid- Hdofure. ing and inclosing several open and common Fields in O/-tringham, in the County of York, without any Amendment*

And then the Meileugers withdrew*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ' War* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean,i consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplusses Hated the 5th of Apr ill 757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses Hated the 10th of October 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money' given for the Service of the Year 1757 has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 16th Day of Maixh 1758, and the Parts remaining unfatiffied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Application and Dif-posal of Eight hundred thousand Pounds,issuedpurfuant to the powergiven by an A6i,passed in the last Session of Parliament, for ifiuingand applying any Sum or Sums of Money,not exceedingOnemillton,upon account,toenablehis Majesty to defray any extraordinaryExpences of the War*

incurredj

.*t, 31 Geo. II. 21* — i 2:213

incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1757 all(l to take all such Measures as might be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes ofr DesignS of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs might require; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

and Means. jnpr next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, next, resolve itfelfinto the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read; improvement! Ordered, That, the Report from the Committee of the

11. whole House, to whom the Petition of several Owners

Freehold and Inheritance of several Buildings, Houses, Grounds, and Estates, situate on the West Side of the Street leading from Charing Cross towards his Majesty’s Palace of Whitehall; and also the Petition of the several Inhabitants of Charing Crofsy and Parts adjacent, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed y had been severally referred; and to whom the Report of the Matters of the said Petitions was re-committed; be received Tomorrow Morning.

Tetbury Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom Roads, the i3i][ for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Simons Hall Dozen, and from the Turnpike Gate, at the Top of Frocefier \ Hill, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards

Bath; and from the Field, called Boztldown Sleight, to

the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horsley to Tetbury, near Till up's Inn, and from the Market-house in Tetbuiy to the Turnpike Road on Minchin Hampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchin Hampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Tayloes Mill.Pond, in Ckalford Bottom, and through Hide, to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Ghmcester, was re-committed, with respect to a Clause which was Yesterday offered to be added to the House to the Bill; That the Committee had made One other Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his PI ucc; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

1 Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

1 And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

I And the said Amendment, made by the Committee

to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

| Ordered, Thai, the Bill, with the'Amendments, be

ingossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow j Morning, Nine of tLe Clock.

CL. 28.

Sabbatic 2 2o die Apr His,

Anno 310 Georgii IId5 Regis, 1758.

Pray&rs(

Ti/fR. Kynafon reported froin the Committee, to shrew (bury JlYJl whom the Bill for amending, widening, and Roads, keeping in Repair, the several Roads from the Town of Shrezosbury to Westbury, and from Shrcivsbury to Min-ferity, in the County of Salop; and from Shreusbury to the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery; and from Shrewsbury to the Town of OJicefiry, and from the Finger Pajl near Ofwefiry to Knochin; and also from Cotton Hill in Shrewsbury to Bafchurch, in the County of Salop; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and’ that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thero^ unto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally pat thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing Wilnecote Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing cer- lacoiur*. tain common Fields within the Manor of Wilnecote, in the County of Warzvick: and also for ere 'ling and working One or more Fire Engine or Fire Engines, for tire more effectual draining the Coal Mines in the said Manor; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title he, An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields within the Manor of Wilnecote, in the County of Warwick; and also for erecting and working One or more Fire Engine or Fire Engines, for the more effectual draining the Coal Mines in the said Manor.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Yarmouth Debts within the Borough of Great Yarmouth, and the Small Debts. Liberties thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Townshend of Yarmouth, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Hume, Sir John Cuf, Mr. Butler, Mr.

George Onfozv, Mr. Fellczves, Sir Francis Pooh, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkiufon, Mr,

Sandy s, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Hunter, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Morton, Sir William Beauchamp Pro,lor, Mr. Med-lycott, Sir Roger Neivdigate, Mr. Ryder, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Fane, Sir Thomas Robhfon, Mr. More,

- Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Chetzcynd, Mr. Ilezvett,

Lord North, Mr. Tuivnfield, Mr. Wtf, Mr. Trifl, Sir John Philipps* Mr. Pitt, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Affleck, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Yorkc, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Gore,

Sir Francis Da/hzvood, Mr. Lewis, Sir George Yonge,

Mr. DclqvqL, Mr. Wilkes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five o the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, according to Order, improvement! reported from the Committee of the whole House, to Ch*.n Hvhom it was referred to consider of the Report which cr<X& was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of several Buildings, Houses. Grounds, and Estates, situate on the West Side of the Street leading from Charing Cross towards his Majesty’s Palace of Whitehall; and also the Petition of the {several Inhabitants of Charing Cross, arid Parts adjacent, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed; had been severally referred; and to whom the Report of the Matters of the said Petitions was re-committed, the

3 1 KefoluUon,

214 2 2b Apri A. 1758.

Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That when the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the City of West mi after, to the oppofile Shore in the County of Surrey, thall have caused to be opened and widened all such Ways, Streets, Avenues, and Paffnges, leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, Westminster Hall, and the Courts of Justice there, and West mi after Bridge, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, if any Money granted by Parliament for that Purpose, and the incidental Expences thereof, ilia 11 then remain in their Hands, that they do apply such Monies, or so much thereof as shall be fuf-ticient for that Purpose, in opening, widening, and ren-deringfafeandcommodious for Carriages, and Passengers on Foot, the I'adage now called the Nezv Pqftage, leading from Charing Crtfs aforesaid into Saint Janes's Park, and in defraying the incidental Expences attending the fame, in such manner as they shall order, direct, and appoint.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Securing Mr. Earle presenterl to the House, according to the Order, a Bill for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Te-Pock Ysrds- nements> and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town o f Por tf mouth, and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees. for the Use of his Majesty; and for making a jultand reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Manning The Order of the Day being read, for taking into the Consideration the Report from the Committee of the Nay,. whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectually Manning of his Majesty's Navy, and for preventing Defcrtion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships and Vessels in the Merchants Service; was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Sevennight, the First Day of May next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for receiving and Mcac« ^ie ^ePort *rom the Comm ittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty; Ordered. That Mr. West do make the said Report.

Mr. West accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which he wasdirefted to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth *, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of £.4,500,000, be raised by Annuities at £.3. 10s. pev Cent, per Annum; and the Sum of £. 500,000 by a Lottery, to be attended with Annuities, redeemable by Parliament, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum; the said several Annuities to be transfer-rable at the Bank of England, and charged upon a Fund to be eilablftjied in this Session of Parliament for Payment thereof, and for which the Sinking Fund shall be a collateral Security; and that every Person subscribing for £,500 shall be intitled to £.450 in Am*

nuities, and £.50 in Lottery Tickets, and so in proportion fora greater or Idler Sum: That the said Lottery ill dl cou£ft of Tickets of the Value of £. 10 each, in a Proportion not exceeding Eight Blanks to a Prize, the Blanks to be of the Value of £.6 each; the Blanks and Prizes to bear an Interest after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of January 1759; and that the Sum of £.4,500,000 to be raised by Annuities, bear an Interest after the Rate of £. 3. 1 o r. per Centum per Annum, from the gth Day of July 1758; which said Annuities shall (land reduced to £. 3 per Centum per Annum, after the Expiration of 24 Years, to be computed from the said 5th Day of July 1 758; and shall afterwards be redeemable in the Whole, or in Part, by Sums not less than £. 500,000 at one time, Six Months Notice having been first given of such Payment or Payments respectively; that any Subscriber may, on or before the 291b Day of this instant April, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, make a Deposit of £. 10 per Centum, on such Sum as lie shall ebufe to subscribe, towards raising the said Sura of £. 5,000,000 with the Cashiers of the Bank of England, as a Security for his making the future Payments on the Days herein after appointed:

On the £. 5,oooosoooo:

£. 10 per Centum Depoftt 011 or before 29th Day <?f April instant, on the whole Five Millions:

On £. 4,500,000 in Annuities:

15 per Cent, on or before the 30th D iy of May next;

15 per Cent on or before the 281 h Day of June next;

15 per Cent. on or before the 27th Day of July next;

15 per Cent. on or before the 30th Day of August next;

15 per Cent, on cr before the 27 th Day of September next;

15 pei' Cent, on or before the 2bih Day of October next:

On the Lottery for £. 500,000:

20per Cent, on or before the 10th'Day of June next;

15 per Cent. on or before the 10th Day of July next;

15 per Cent, on or before the igtli Day of August next;

20 per Cent. on or before the 9th Day of September next;

20 per Cent, on or before the 9th Day of October next:

Which several Sums, so received, shall, by the said Cashiers, be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied from time to time to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament, and not otherwise: That any Subscriber paying in the Whole or any Part of his Subscription, previous to the Days appointed for the respective Payments, shall be allowed a Di(count after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum pe" Annum, from the Days of such respective Payments to the respective Times on which such Payments are directed to be made; and that all such Persons, as shall make their full Payments on the said Lottery, shall have their Tickets delivered as soon as they can conveniently be made out.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Sun ply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One million Six hundred and Six thousand and Seventy-six Pounds Five Shillings and One Penny Farthing, out of such Monies as shall or may arise of the Surplu I’ s, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a B.ll be brought in, pursuant to the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, the Lord Duncawpji, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Attorney General,

20 and

Guldeford

Hoad.

Leather head Road.

Fonblanque,

ace.

Nat.

Earl of Kerry’s Estate.

Verney *s Elates.

31 Geo. II. 22° — 240 215

and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. George Onslow prefen ted to the Hbufe, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guldeford to the Directing Post near the Town of Farnham, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onfloio have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. George Onslow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Szvan Inn at Leatherhead to the Maypole at the upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoake, near the Town of Guide, ford, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the TIoufe accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 240 dAprilis;

Anno 31* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758. Prayers.

MR. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Fonblanque and Nicholas Baptist Aubert, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had di-rested him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Earl of Shelburne reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Maurice Crosbie Knight, or any future Guardian of Francis Thomas Earl of Ke~ry and Livnazv, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Minor, to discharge an Incumbrance on certain Collieries and Coal Mines in the County of Durham, Part of the Estate of the said Earl, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directedhim to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling divers Lands and Tenements, and Shares of Lands and Tenements, in Tendon, Middlesex, and Surrey, of and belonging to Ralph Earl of Verney, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Mary Countess of Verney, and Dame Henrietta Maria Clayton, respectively; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clayton, the Earl of Shelburne, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Crafter, Lord Gage, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Monson, Mi*. Wilkinson, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Egerlon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Marlin, Sir John Ciifl, Mr. Ridley, Sir EdmundIj(ham, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Staunton, Lord Strange, Mr. More, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Ajfleck, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Med-lycott, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Huffey, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Vanfltfart, Voi. 28.

Mr. Bankes, Sir Charles Motdaunt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lezvis, Mr. Pitt, Lord Harry Pazdett, Mr. Morton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Townftiend, Mr. Foneredu, Mr. Trift, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Page, Sir Matthew Fealherfionehaugh; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surreu, Middlesex, Berks, and Bucks; and for the City of Lxmdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Ground?, in the Manor and Lordship of Woodford, otherwise Halfe Woodford, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lord* ship of Woodford, otherwise Halje Woodford, in the County of Norlhanipton. \

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideratioti the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open common Fields, common Meadow, Commons,' and waste Grounds, in the Townships of Brampton and Sazcdon, in the Parish of Brompton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. q. L. 16. After "Lands," leave out "and,’* and, after " Grounds," insert " and Allotments," and, after " of," leave out " and belonging to

L. 24. Leave out " Grounds," and insert " Allotments:"

L. 32. Leave out " Grounds," and insert cc Allotments

Pr. 12. L. 11. Leave out "Tythe:"

Pr. 27. L. 22. After "the," insert M Common:"

L. 24, 25. Leave out " as Lord of the Honouror Manor of Pickering "

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordiliips.

M.r. Baynlun reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, settled on the Marriage of William Norris Esquire, in the said William Norris, and his Heirs; and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing a further Time for holding the First Meetings of Com mi (fi oners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing a further Time for holding the First Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts made in the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

Woodford

Inclosurei

Brompton

inclolurc.

Norrivs

Estate*.

Meetings of Cotnauffio; er» under crrtaia Arts.

2i 6 14° — 2$° J 48.

Wicken, An irigrofled Bill for draining a?id preserving certain *c- Fen Lands and low Grounds in the Isle of Ely and Drainage. county. of Cambridge. between the CW, otherwise 0,v/£, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South Ealt by the Hard Lands of Ijleham, Fordham, Solium, and Wicken; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conserva-tors of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Levels to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Inve/led Lands; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant Ouje, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of Ijleham, Ford ham, Soham, and Wicken; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands.

Ordered, That the Lord Royston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Westminster A Bill for establishing a free Market for the Sale of Corn Market. Corn and Grain within the City and Liberty of Westminster\ and for regulating the Sale of Hay and Straw within the said City or Liberty; was read aSecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John CroJJe, Mr Kynafon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Foley, Mr. Glmius, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. More, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Totonjhend, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Affleck, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Ba got, Lord Strange, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Ilervett, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Prowje, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Bacon, yir. Cnrzcn, Mr. Powell, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Mackenjie, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Ridley, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Bowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Vyner, Major General Cornwallis, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Duffe, Lord Dig by, Mr. Grenville, the Earl of Shelburne, Mr. Earle, Lord Royston, Mr. Hume, Mr. George 0??Jlow, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Grey, Mr. Clayton, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Plummer, Lord Verney; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Ejffe.r, and Kent; and for the City of London; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Westminster Sir J°^in Philipp* reported from the Committee, to Conihbles, whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more ef-&c. feftual, an Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances atfid other Offences within the said City and Liberty; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the* Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi’ed.

Writ of The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Read-

Habeas ing of the ingrossed Bill for giving a more speedy Reme* Corpus, dy to the Subject upon the Writ of Habeas Corpus;

The House was moved, That the Order made upon the 7th Day of December 1693, That no Member of 16

u this House do presume to plead at the Bar of the " House of Lords, without Leave first obtained -from <c this House, and to be moved for, between the Hours *c of Eleven and One o’Clock," might he read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Billviz.

Pr. 2. L. 8. To leave out " so

Pr. 4. L. 12. To leave out cc this Act, and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the'Fable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for giving a more speedy Remedy to the Subject upon the Writ of Habeas Corpus.

Ordered, That Sir John Cujt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into. a-Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 50 die Apr ills;

Anno 31* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

A BILL for altering, widening, amending, and Westbury, lliortening, the Road leading from Ptngale, in &c. the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wills, to Lat- Roads* chefs Bridge, near the East End of the Town of Market Lavingfon, in the Parish of West Lav ing ton, in the said County *, and also the Road leading from Market Lavington Down, down Market Laving!on Hill, to and through Market Lavington aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road near Deweys Water, in the Road leading from We/t Lavington aforesaid, to the Town of Devizes, in the said County of Wilts; and also the Road leading from Bolejborough, down Westbury Hill, through the Town oi'Wefibury, across Allmarju Field, by Yarnbrooke, to Studley Lane End, adjoining to the T urnpike Road leading from Trowbridge to Beckington, in, the County of Somerset; and also the Road leading from Y'anjr brooke aforesaid, up West Ashton Hill, through Semming-ton, to the Turnpike Road at Melksham, in the said County of Wilts; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Channcey Townshend, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Charlton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. John Gore, the Marquis of Carnarvon,

Mr. Colebroke, Mr. More, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. James Colebrooke, Lord Downe, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ilewctt, Mr.

Smith, Lord Verney, Mv:Gore, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Kuna ston, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Watfoy,

Ml*. Fellowes, Mr. Bolton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bacon,

Mi*. Olmius, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Mcdlycott, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Bertie, Mr.' Fuller, Mr. Reynolds. Mr. Lvjler,

Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Trrjl, Mr. Martin, Ms*. Wilkinson, Mr. Sargent, Mr, Coventry, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Probyn, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, M r. Hu (fey, the Earl of Shelburne.

Mr. Powell; and all the Members who serve for the

C ounce.'

3'i Geo. II. 250

217

Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Dorset, Heim, and Southampton: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Mordaunl presented to the House, nccord-‘Wilts and ing to Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for Inroll-E«eds. merit of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Colchester Bill for regulating, governing, preserving, and iin-Ovfter proving, the Oyster Fishery in the River Colne, and lathery. Waters thereto belonging, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rcboxc, Mr. LozcndeS, Mr. Smith, Mr. 'dikes, Mr. Olmius, Mr. trybbon, Mr. Fdlowcjf, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Morton, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir John Gordon, Mr. La [cedes. Lord Downe, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Disttmay, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Harvey, Kir. Berkeley, Sir Walter lilackett, Mr. Baton, Mr. More, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thurjby, Kir. Herictt, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Thtflethwayte, Sir Francis Poole, Kir. Hanger, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Turner, Mr. George Onslow, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Grey, Sir John Cust, Mr. Ga/hmj, Sir Edmqnd Isham, Kir. Morgan, Lord Vcrney, Mr. Trip\ Mr. Symmons, Kir. Pitt, Mr. Dclaval, Kir Page, Sir William Beauchamp Pro&nr, Mr. Affleck, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Ed:, card Turner, ^Ir, Plamer. Sir William Codrington, Mr. Rowuey, Kir. fifartin, Mr. Luttrell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Tive'of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Duke of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Queeniber.y’t for confirming a Contraft of Leafeof Mines, between Mines. Charles Duke of Sueen/berry and Dover, of the one Part, and Ronald Craicfurd, James Craxvfurd, and Daniel Tel-fer, of the other Part; and for enabling the said Duke, and his Heirs of I ntail, to grant Leases in Terms of the said Cont raft; was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Veitch, Kfr. Cholmley, Mr. IIanger, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Harvey, Lord Downe, Mr. Thijllethivayte, Mr. York, Mr. Tlmrfby, Sir Charles Mordaunl, Mr. Hu (fey. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gyhbon, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Martin. M r. LowndeS, Mr. Ridley, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. K >n. jion, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. 11 exact t, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Felloives, Sir John Cuff, Kir. More, Sir John Turner, Mr. Trijt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Hammond, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Lynch Stdusbury Cotton, Mr. Smith, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Ryder, Sir William Beauchamp Prod or, M r. Townshend, M r. Affleck, Mr. Foncreau, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Bowes, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Lafcelles, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lejlie; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cirsncester A Petition of the Trustce.s named and appointed in and Koads. by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the

Road from CJrencester Town’s End to St. John's Bridge, and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Cirencester to the Town’s End there; and of the Inhabitants of Cirenccjter, and severalother Parillics and Places in the County of Gloucester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, anc| read; alleging,

1 That the petitioners find, that by one of the said Acts, ptmVd in thisSefliop of Parliament,lor repealingio much of an Act of the 15th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Po\Vfers granted by an Act of the 13! h Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Cirtnctjler Town’s End to St. John s Bridge, in the Count y of 67oucefier, as directs that the Inlabitants of the federal Parillies and Hamlets V\i. 28.

therein name<l shall pafsTolI free ( and for repairing the Street from the High Crop in Cirencester to tile Town’s End there; and for other Purposes therein mentioned and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts; several Tolls or Duties are granted for repairing the said Roads; but no Powers, which were intended to have been inserted in the said Act, are given to the Trnliees, to lefleu gny of the said l olls or Duties, although it may appear to them to be reasonable so to do: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Trustees appointed by the said Acts to lessen or reduce all or any of the said Tolls or Duties granted by the said Act passed in this Hellion of Parliament, orthatthe Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Downe, Mn Cholmley, and Mr. Daw nay, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. "

Mr. West presented to the House, according to Order, Supply Bill j a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Mo- raising ney, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery: *.*5>000»°00* And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved., That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Kirkhatham for settling the several Charities of the Hospitaland Free Chanty. School at Kirhleatham, in the County of York, of the Foundation of Sir William Turner Knight, deceased, and the Possessions and Revenues thereunto belonging, pursuant to the Will and Codicil of Cholmley Turner, late of Kirkleatham aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreea to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for the public Registering of all Deeds, Con- Raftering veyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be of DeecU. made of, or that may affect, any Honors, Manors,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England,'wherein public Registers are not already appointed by Act of Parliament, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Cirencester from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester to Cricklade, . in the County of Wilts, was read the Third time. Road.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Recruiting Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Land forec§. Majesty’sLand Forces and Marines, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Orderof the Day being read, for taking into Con- Afliz*

sideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the of Bill lor the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Pfice and Assize thereof, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

K The

2l8

25° — 26° Apr His. A. 1758.

The btlier Orders of the Dav being read;

Bounty Resolved, That this Hon few ill, upon Thwfday Morn*

t* \ltd next, resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole

*?or L House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Payment of the Bounty upon the Exportation of Corn, unless sold at a lower Price than is allowed in an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary.

Scotch Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, forfeited resolve itself into a Committeeof the whole House, upon

Eihtc*. the Bill to enforce and render more effectual an Act, made in the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s Ryign, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in ScotUvid to the Crown unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and lo establish a Method of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future.

Thepoftponed Order of the Day being read;

Aflac Tjic> House proceeded to take into Consideration the Bread* &c ^ePort ^rom the Committee, to whom the Bill for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, was committed:

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time: and, upon ' the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were

disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

' A Clause was offered to he added to the Bill, for set-iiing the Weight and Assize of Bread, according to the Tables contained in the Bill:

1 And thesaidClausewasTwiceread,withaBlank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

End of Spifalor Somerset Street, in the Parish of Sloake, near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Onftozv, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Evelyn,

Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Huffy, Mr Btnikes, Sir John Cuff,

Mr. More, Mr. Gore, Mr. Smith, Mr. Pro by n, Mr.

Felloxves, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Charles Tozvnfhend, Mr~

Lysler, Mr. AI d e rni a 11 Dick in fun, Mr. Calvert, Sir Con-yers D'Arcy, Mr. My dJetton, Lord Strange, Mr. Pi It,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Tozvnfhend, Mr. Moore, Mr. Bacon, the Earl of Shelburne, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Cr after, Mr.

Trift, Mr. Wig ley, Mr. Simons, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr.

Staunton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Suffer, and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Norris’*

for vesting Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Heredi- E^c*

taments, settled on the Marriage of IVilUarn Norris Esquire, in the said William Norris,xav\ his Heirs; and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do paso.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun do carry tire Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of to enable Sir Maurice Crcfbie Knight, or any future Guardian of Francis ThomasXLa.*1 of Kerry and Lixnau\ in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Minor, to d:scharge an / Incumbrance on certain Collieries and Coa! Mines in the County of Durham, Part of the Lfiate of the said Earl, was read the Third time, r Rejoiced, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Earl of Shelburne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Mercurii, 2b* die Apr His\

Anno 31* Georgii II41 Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

Guldeford A BI LL for repairing and widening the Road from Road* jf\ the Town of Guldeford to the Directing Pojt near the Town of Farnham, in the County of Surrey\ was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Hezcett, Mr. Huffy, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Moore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thorot.on, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Foley, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Staunton, Sir John Cust, Mr. Trift, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Wzlkinfon, Lord Strange, Mr. Charlton, Sir Cordcl Firebrace, Mr Lyster, Mr. EUiot, Mr. Shelley\ Mr. Howard, Mr. Smith, Mr. Duffe, Mr. Harvey, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Affiecki Mr. Pitt, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Simons, the Earl of Shelburne, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Herne, Mr. MyddeU ion. Lord Verney, Mr. Chauncey 7own fend, Mr* Veitch, Sir Charles Mordmnt, Mr. Medlycott, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr, Pelham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Southampton, Suffix, and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the 0 Swan Inn at Leatherhead to the Maypole at the upper

20

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Sheffield Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, over the High Moors, to llatherfage. and over Math am £cads. Bridge, to Sparrozv-pitt Gate, in the County of Derby; and from the Guide Post at or near Barber Fields Cupola, over the High Moors and Grindleforth Bridge, and over Tid/zvell Moor, to Buxton, in the County of Derby; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, through the Towns of Hathersage, Hope, and Cafilclon, to Sparrozo-pitt Gate, in the County of Derby; and from the Guide Post near Barbers Fields Cupola, through Grindleford Bridge, Great Ilucklozo, Tidfivell, Hardgate Wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the County of Derby.

Then the Blank, left in the Bill for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the 1 able.

Ordered, That Mr. Hczoitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Helmdon and common Fields in the Parish of Helmdon, in the luriofuK. County of Northampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, common Meadows, common Ground, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Helmdon, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt be added , to the Com- jvi'bii mittee, who are appointed to prepare an Estimate of what Eftiaar? may be the Charge of the Militia-upon the Plan of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

An

31 Geo. II.

169 Aprilis.

219

An Act for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

wlf Mr. Crafter reported from the Committee, to whom 3rid°e for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

Road. the Roads leading from Christian Malford Bridge, in the County of f Vi Its, to Shillingjbrd Gate, in the County of Berks; and also from Swindon to Lyddenton Watt, in the said County of Wilts; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Poors

Relief.

Mr. Symons reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual compelling Overseers of the Poot to obey Orders, made by Justices of the Peace,

> for the speedy Relief of impotent and necessitous Poor;

and to explain the Laws with regard to the Power of Justices oft he Peace to order Relief on sudden and emergent Occasions; was committed; That the Committeehad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which the y had direct ed him to report to the House; and he’read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next;

♦ The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for tile?1 <2'

Teltefor.heNoee.j^Sir*' !

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be addeckfo the Bill, for fav-uig the Rights of the Corporation of the Poor of the City of Bristol:

And the Question being but, That the said Clause be brought up;

It pa(fed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

AMotion being made, That the Bill, with the Amend-ments, be ingrossed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; Ordei'ed, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Account of The House being informed, That Mr. Stanley, from

Beef ofed the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, ^he attended at the Door;

*vy‘ He wa^called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Prices that have been paid for Beef for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, from Christmas 1730 to Christmas 1757; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

vJSL 28. "

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Improving Committee of the whole House, upon the Billfor explaining and amending an Act, made in the 29th Year of his £C*

present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to improved widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge; and for rendering the same more effectual.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee. . 1

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.;

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Recruiting Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom T^e

the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Land Forccs* Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Scotch whole House, upon the Bill to enforce and render more forfeited effectual an Act, made in the 25th Year of his present Estate;. Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Oswald took the Chair of the Committee. '

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; Andx he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Fellowes reported from the Committee, to whom Harcby the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common, open, Inclosure. and arable. Fields, and common Meadows, in the Manor and Parish of Hareby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committeehad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Ordered, That Mr. Fetlozves have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And

k

220

26° — 270 Aprilis, '^.1758.

Stockbrklj>e,

ice.

Ro«d&.

Chawton Fond to Gosport Road*.

And the said Report utis read: ' IJJbon, in iheKingdom of Portugal,-ithouf. any Amend'

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to ment: And also, the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, \vere, The I^ords have agreed to the Bill, inf ituled, An Act Trent noon the Queflioti Severally put thereupon, agreed to by , for building a Bridge cross the River Trent, at or near the Houfi*. a Place called IVilden Ferry, without any Amendment: "

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- And also, grofltaL The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Newton

for dividing and inclosing Xczv/on Moor or XczvtonCom- Inclosuie,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow mon, within the Manor of Newton cum Renningbroughi Morning, Nine of the Clock. in the County of York, without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Birmingham to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts of Par- ami Friuli liament, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Koads- Majesty, and in t lie 18th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Birming-

i ham to pdgehdl, in the County of Warzvivk, without

ABILLforrrpainngand widening the Roadsfrom the apy Amendment And also,

Town of Stnckbridge, in the County of Southamp- vrhe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bakmll

ton, to the City of ff mchester, and from the said City, enlarge, alter, and render more effectual, the Term to

through Bdlmour Lane, to the Top of Stephen's Cajllc an(j i>ovverft of all Act of the 12th Year of his present Work[°P Down, near the Town of Bishops Waltham, in the said Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Balcea.ell to Chef-County; and from the said City of Winchester,through ter'field,in the County of Derby, and from Chesterfield Otlerborne, to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the to Wor in the County of Nottingham; and other Town of Southampton;was read a Second time. Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thistle- And also,

thwayte, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Earle, Mr. More, Mr Gob- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Briftof

bon, Sir Frunci' Poole, Mr. Wilktvfon, Mr. Dicker, Mr. for enlarging the Powers granted by an Act passed in

Fagot. Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Sqndys, the Karl of Shelburne, , |ie , gtii Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti*

Mr. Ftonerean, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Fenton, Mr. tuled, An Act for rendering more effectual the several

Probijn, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gnjhry, Mr. Ky- Acts passed for the erecting of Hospitals and Wofk-najhm, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fellowes, Sir houses within the City of Bristol, for the betleremploy-William Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Nugent, Sir William jngaml maintaining of the Poor thereof; and formaking Moreton, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cartwright, Sir the said Act more effectual; without any Amendment;

Armine Wodehonfe, Mr. Hume, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Foley, And also,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Fuller, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Settle Mr. Locke, Mr. Rajhleigli; and all the Members who for establishing and confirming Articles of Agreement luciof"re* serve for the Comities of Southampton, Wilts, Dorset, for dividing and inclosing Two stinted Pastures or Com-Berks, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon mons, called Settle Banks High Scarr, and Scaleber, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. within the Township of in the County of fork,

without any Amendment.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from And then the Messengers withdrew.

Chawton Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, in the County '

of Southampton,through Rumfdean Bottom, Wefimeon, An ingrossed Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fonbhn

If arnford, Extoii, BJhops lr altliain, and over Sherrill for natural] zingy4n//iow Fonblanque a.ndNicholas Bapti/l Iiealh,e.\\Athrough Wickhamand Fareham, to the Town Aubert was read the Third time

of GoSmt;»<1 from a IW called Hedge Corner, near tiffeSiheifill do pSi.

Rumfdean Bottom, aforefaul, to the Towni of Petersfield; Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the

and from E-r'on aforefa.d, through ^oxford, to the Fall LordS) and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed'

Lnd of Sherrdl Hegth aforesaid, in the said County; was ^jie fame, without any Amendment. read a Second time.

Resolved, Hiat the Bill be committed to Mr Thistle- a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of SupplvBiH;

thwayte, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Oswald, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Money, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, railing Fade, Sir Charles Kcmys Tynte, Mr. West, Mr. Town/- was re‘Hd a Second time. £.5,000,000'

tend, Mr. Kyna/hn, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Mr. Lifter, Sir Lrancis Peqle, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cart- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

tcright, Mr. Bacon, Lord Strange, Mr. Coventry, Mr. of the whole House.

Martin, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Af- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

feefe, Mr. Gajkiy, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lexvis, Mr. ;ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Trift, Mr. Symons, Mr. Yorke, Lord Verney, Mr. Vaughan, House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Campbell, Mr. MedlycottftSlv. Fontreau, Mr. Hume,

Mr. Hunter, Mr. Pelham, Lord Digby, Mr. Probyn, A m for allowing further Time for Tnrollment of papiftl Mr. Veitch, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Wills and Price Campbell, Mr. Bnidenell, Mr. Wynne, Mr* Budgen, protestant Purchasers, was read a Second time. Deeds.

Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Resolved, That the Bill'be committed.

Calvert, Mr. Rq/hleigh, Sir Ludoxcick Grant; and all the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee.

Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, of t|ie whole House.

Sussex, Surrey, Berks, and Wilts: And they are to meet Resolved, That this House will, upon Monipy Mora-

this Afternoon, at 1'ive of the Clock, in the Speakers fog next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Chamber. House, upon the said Bill.

Jovis, 2 70 die Aprilis; Anno 310 Georgit II'* 1' Regis, 175S. Prayers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Hoiford:

Mr. Speaker,

Importation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

nr Culm, for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Cu]m to

16

A Bill for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tene- Securit,.. ments, and Hereditaments, lor the better securing his the Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Dockyards.

Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifvingtbe Town of Portsmouth, and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees,

51 Geg. IL iJ'April

Trustees, for lire tjfe of his Miijofty; nn4 fdr making a just And realoilable Satisfaction to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements; and IlerediU-ifteuts; was read a Second time.

Rejoiced^ That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejoiced,*T\\at this House will,upon WedtrejdayMorning next, irfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Knkahiy A Bill to continue an Act made in the i 5 th Year of the

Tuo-peuits Reign of his present. Majesty, intituled, An Act for lay-Scotb. jn£r a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a

Pony Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, biought Into, tapped) or fold, within the Town of Kir Laid}) and Liberties thereof; and to render the said Act more effectual, by extending the same to the East Miln Lands, belonging to the prime Guild Box within the Borough of Kirkaldy ,* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Qfiotild, Mr. Earle, Mr. Prribyn, Mr. IWnf/tend, Mr. Kynoften. Sir John Philip)*, Mr. Olmiits, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Pole, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Recorder of London, M r. Eel-Imres, Ed non ml I/ham, Mr. Rice, Mr. Heweti, Mr.

Molyneur, Mr. Xlctllytdlt, Mr. Lyfieri, Mr. George (inflow. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Rutter, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Sahdys, Mr. IVHires, Mr. Bn got. Lord Corpfn1er, M\\ Prdbyyi, Sir LudOxide Grant, Mr. Brude-veil. Sir RichardIVarwick BampfylHe, Mr. Symons, Colonel Bofcmten, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Affleck, Wr. Gajhriy, Mr. Ixchpr, Mr. Pitt; Mh -Lafolk# Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Scott, Mr. Hanley, Mr. LoUmdes. Mr. Haldane, Mr. Ptuificri, Mr*. Chetuyhd, Mr. Prawfe, Sir John Hind Colton; tirtd all f heMembete who serve for North Britain: And they ai?e to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Meftage from the LorcUj by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Jtoljord:

Mr. Speaker,

Skirrenbeek The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and allotting certain Fields, Meadows, Grounds, and common Pastures^in the YlanorandTown-shipof Skirpenbcck, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; with an Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords delire the Concurrence of this llonfe.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Iron Mr. Oswald, from the Commissioners for Trade and Woiksin Plantations, prefenled to the llonfe, pursuant to their Afueriefl. Address to his Majesty, of the 25th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament)

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Henry Ellis Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Georgia, to the Board of Trade, dated 15th December 17,57.

N° 2. Extrad of a Letjter from William Henry Lyttelton, Esquire, Governor of South Carolina, to the Board of Trade, dated Charles Jcwn, October 12 th 1757.

! N° 3. Extract of a Letter from Arthur Dobbs Esquire,

Governor of North Carolina, to John Poicnall Esquire, Secretary to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated January 4th 1758.

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Horatio Sharpe Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Maryland, to the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated zid October 1757; inclosing.

Copy of an Account of the Quantity of Iron that was exported from the Province of Maryland, between the 3 lit of December 17 49, and the 1st of Mayi 756. V Copy of a Letter from James Delancey Esquire, Lieutenant Go\ eruor of NewYoi'k, to the Board of Trade, dated December ill 17.57; meloHiig,

Copy of an Account of the Iron made at Ancram, in the Manor of Livingj/ott, by Robert Livinglton Junior, Esquire.

Vol. 28.

N°6. Extract of a Letter {vom, TJicimas Fitch Esquire;

Governor of Connecticut, to the Board of Trade, dated, tit Norxcalki the 181 li of November 1757.

V 7. Extrad of a Letter from Penning Wentworth Esquire, Governor of New Ilampshire, to the Board of Trade, dated September 24th 1757 s inclosing;

Copy of tin Account of Bar Iron made at tCing/lon, in the Province of New Hampshire, from Christmjis 1740, to Christmtts 1756.

X° 8. Ext raft of a Letter From Robert h/Iq nekton Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Nova ScdtTa, to the Board of Trade, dated October j 3th 1757.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lilt was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be jierufed by the Members of the House;

The said Papers are preferred iunongil the other Papers of this Sdiioa.

The House proceeded to take into Confidbtation the Skirpenbcck Amendment madebyiheLordsto the Bill; intituled, An Lctosure. Act for dividing stttd allotting certain Fields, Meadows,

Grounds, and common Paftdres, dn the Manor and Township of Skinptnbeck, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And the said Amendment-was read* and is as follow elh; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 15, 16. Aftef‘Mherehbouts," insert and ". whereas the King’s Aloft Excellent Majesty is seised,

" in Right of the Crown of Great Britain, of and ift’

" the perpetual AdvoWfon, Right Of Patronage and " Presentation, in and to the Rectory of the ParHh " Church of Skirpenbeck aforesaid."

The Lid Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmtey do carry the Bill to tlid Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by the Lords.

Sir John Philipps, according to>Order, reported from* improving the Committee of the Whole House, to whom the Bill to.1^0^ for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 20th Bxl *e* Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through Tendon Bridge; and for rendering the same more effectual; was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time,one by one; and, upon the Cueftron fe-verall y put thereupon) fume of them were disagreed to* and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgrossed.

Sir John Cufi reported from the Committee, who were Militi* appointed to prepare an Estimate of what may be the Estimate* Charge of the Militia upon the Plan of the Act, passed in the lait Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, and to make Report thereof to the H«pise, That the Committee had prepared an Estimateaccordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongli the other Papers of this Session.

The in grafted Bill to permit the free Importation of importation Cattle from Ireland, for a Time to be limited, was, ac- of Cattle cording to Order, read the Third time. from

3 L The

1


22 2

27° — ^8°

A- i j

Bounty on Corn exported.

Recruiting

the

Land Forces.

Regulation Coal heavers.

t The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

" Pr. i. L. 35. To leave out " this Act and."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Hodfe: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

I he House was moved. That Part of an Act, made id the 2 2d Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second/ intituled, An Act for Improvement of lillage, and the Breed of Cat tie, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the B !1 do pass;

The Heufc divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Td1,sf,,heVea.|£» "^. } 9,

!1 he Lord Advocate of 1

Scotland, > 47.

Mr. Rosi Fuller. )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the

Title be* An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

’ The other Orders of the Day being read; 7?C/0/r«/, Thatthis House will, Tomorrow Morning, wfolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Payment of the Bounty upon the Exportation of Corn, unless sold at a lower Price than is allowed man Act of the FirftYear of the* Reign of King William and Queen Mary.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy andeffec-tual recruiting of Iris Majesty *s Land Forces and Marines, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V.enerts, 2 8° die;

Anno 310 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

MR. Hammond repprted from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many Hundred other industrious labouring Men employed in thp Unloading of Ships ami Vessels bringing Coals into the River Thames, commonly called Coal-heavers; ami also the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are subscribed, Undertakers for the Delivery of Ships loaded with Coals, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Persons exercising the said Business; were fe-

One Shilling, and sometimes Two Shillings and She Pence, for uuloading One Score Chaldrons of Coals:

That the Coal-heavers work in Gangs of about Fifteen Men in each Gang; one of whom is called the Market-Man:

That there are Twenty Persons called Undertakers, Nineteen of whom keep Alehouses, in which the Labourers are obliged dailyto spend acertainSumofMoney:

That theie Undertakers agree with the Matters of Vefi’els for unloading their Coals, and apply to the Market-Men, who furnish labourers to unload the Coal Ships; and that, during the Time the Vessels are unloading, the Undertakers supply the Labourers, front Day to Day, with some Part of their Wages then due to them; which Money, so paid, they deduct from the Labourers Wages when the whole Ship is cleared:

That the Undertakers also make other considerable Deductions from their Wages upon several other Accounts, amounting to upwards of£. 7,000per Annum:

That the Price of Labour varies according to the Number of CoalShipsin the River; and that sometimes, when the Price of Labour is low, a great Number of Ships arrive, and then the Labourers insist on higher Wages than they had contracted to work for; afitVif their Terms are not complied with, will leave the'Ships they had engaged to unload, and the advanced Trice of Labour falls upon the Owners of the Vessels; but that, if there was one settled Price for the Labour, the Business would be done cheaper, which would be of great Benefit to the Coal Trade.

Then several Coal-heavers appeared before youf Committee; who said, That it w as the Desire of them* as w ell as of all the Persons employed in that Bofmefs, that the same should be regulated, their Wages ascertained, and that they might be enabled to make such PiQvision for such of them as maybe sick, lame, and past their Labour, and for Relief of their Widows and Orphans, as should be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the Coal-heavers w orking upon the River Thames, and for ascertaining the Price of their Labour; and for enabling them to make Provisioii for such of themselves as shall be sick, lame, or past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans: And that Mr. Hammond, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Cooke, Mr. John Pitt, the Lord Regitter of Scotland, Mr. John Hartei/, Mr.* Morton, Mr. Ridley, and Mr. Buiccs, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and wideningthcRoads from Tetbury, to the Gates on the West of Simons flail Dozen, and from the Turnpike Gate, at the Top of Fro-cejier Hill, to the Turn pike Road from Cirencejhr towards Bath, and from the Field, called Bouldvxcn Sleight, to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from llorjlcy to Tetbury near Tittups Inn, and from the Market House in Tctbuiy to the Turn pike Road on Minchin Hampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchin Hampton

,orally referred; That the Committee had examined the Field unto the'Turnpike Road from Circncejier 10 Stroud,

the Allegations of the first-mentioned Peti-

Matter of the first-mentioned Petition, and had heard Coimfel upon the iaft-mentioned Petition; and that, the Committee had directed him to report the Matter of the said first-mentioned Petition, as it appeared to them, to ihe House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the iarue was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove lion.

Several Vf itueiTes were examined; who fain, That there arc about One thousand Persons called Coal-heavers who arc employed in unloading of Ships bringing Coals into the River Thames.; and that moil of them are married Men, and have great Families:

That Coal-heaving is as hard Labour as can be followed, and that the Price of that Labour varies extremely; for thalTometiinL:. I bo Coal-heavers are paid

near Burnt Ash> and from the said Turnpike Road to Tayloes Mill Pond, in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third time.

- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and w idening the Roads from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Simons Halt Dozen, and from the Turnpike Gate at the Top of Frocester lliil, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards Bath, and from the Field called Bouldozvn Sleight to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from llorjlcy to Tetbury, near 7 ill up's Inn, and from the Market House in Tetbury, to the Turnpike Road on Minch in Hampton Common, and from the said Road in Minch in Hampton Field, unto the Tnrn pike Road f rom Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Tayloes Mill Pond, in Chalford Bottom, and 16 through

Trtbit'y

Ro-di

31 Geo:. II. a8° Aprilis. 223

tlimugh JJide to the Bottom of the Bourfie lit!/, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered,:\'iwl Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Westminster An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more ConstabUs. effectual, an Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper Persons to take upon them (he Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances, and other Offences, within the said City and Liberty; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, hv way of Rider, relating to the Disposal of the remaining Part of the Fines directed by the Act to be levied.

And the said Clause was twice read with a Blank; and the said Clatjfo was amended.

Then, the Blank in the said Clause being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, directing an Account to be kept of the Fines and Amerciaments.

~ And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made in the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. L, 33. To leave out <c whole,* and infort " cl ear." ,

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put hereupon, fgreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal’s: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, $n Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,1 intituled, An Act for appointing a fvifficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster-5 and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances, and other Offences, within the said City and Liberty.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Bennett, and Mr. Harris;

Mr. S]icaker.

The Fords have agreed to the Bril, intituled, An Act Inciolure. for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Pieces, common (Jrounds, and Wafrc Grounds, intheTownflrip of Geydon, in the Parish of Bishops Itchington, in the County of lVarxvick, without any Amendment: And also,

Earl of The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by Eumom’s this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Etbtc. }{arl of Egmont, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to raise Money for purchasing Lands in Great Britain, for the Purpplcs of his Marriage Settlement, by Mortgage, instead of Sale, of Part of his Irish Estate: And also. Lord The Ixmls have agreed to the Amendment made by Bnlkeley’s this House to the Biff, intituled, An Act for carrying Eitattt. -nt0 Execution several Contracts made by, or on behalf of, James late Lord Bvlkeley, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in his Life-time, for the Sale of several Lands and Tenements in the County of Angtcfeyi and for ap-j lying the Purchase Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame.

And then the Moffenders withdrew.

Srorrh An ingrossed Bill to enforce and render more effectual fn.fVirrd an Act, made in the z^tli Year of his present Majesty’s j EiUtes. Reign, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited

1 Yor. ? 8.

Efiafcs in Scotland to ti e Crown linalifehablyj and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof, for the better* civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland*!*I preventing Dil'orders there for the future; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enforce and render more effectual an Act, made in the 25th Year of his present Majesty’js Reign4 intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon'’; and to establiih a Method of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Dil’orders there for the future.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the common, open, and arable Fields, and common Meadows, Inclosure* in the Manor and Parish of Harebyi in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass 1 And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common,open, and arable Fields, and commou Meadows, in the Manor and Parish of Ilareby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowcs do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Way* Committee of the whole House, to cpnfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

M r. Speaker left the Chair. <.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.: t

Mr. Charlton reported from the Cqmmittee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to.fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read

Resolved, That this Louse will, Upon Monday Morn- Suppl/.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to 1ms Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Bounty on ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Corn House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Payment of the e*P°rlcd-Bounty upon the Exportation of Corn,unless sold at a lower Price than is allowed in an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Recruiting the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and he effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and X-and Forti* Marines, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning, next.

And t;hen the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

L.

2 9° Apri

A. 1758.

Sabbaft, 2Q° die

, ;. Anno 3 r (Jcorgii 11" IJcgis, 1758.

f PtflAYfc RS.

Wctable fy^-D'ESKDtj That it be an Inttniftioti to the Gentle* jiiriwSions. men v\Ijo arc appointed to prepare, and brine: in, a Bill or Bills, purfunnt to fuel) of t he Refoiutions, which, upon 7'deploy the* iSih Dav of this instant April, wore replied Horn life Committee appointed toei.quire what Laws are expirol, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to he re-vivcvl or Continued, as Were, upon the iplli Day of this infiant April agreed to by the House, That they do-make Provisioivin the said Bill, Ur in one of the said Bills, for hirtbefA'ontmuing l« much of an Act of I lie 20th \ ear of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for hiking away and abolillmig the heritable Jurililiftious hi that BaH of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring fuel) Jiirifdiclions to the Crown; and for making more efl’eciual Piovision for the Administration of J nttioe throughout that Part of the united Kingdom by tfm’KiWg'-s Courts ami Judges there; and for obliging all Persons acting as Procurators, Writers, or Agents, in the Law of -Scotland, to take 1 he Oaths; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete; as fbras rtdaftCK to the Power of appealing to the Circuit Courts in Civil Cafes.

Ways *nJ Meat;

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole I Ioufe, to whom it was referred so 'Cdnfidef further Of Ways and Means for raising the SupplyRanted to his Majesty, the Refoiutions which ftte Gemdiiffee bad directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read; and ai^ hs ^lowet-h; viz.

Bcfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Yliht, tdwat*fs raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, ilfere be paid the Yearly Sum of One Shilling in the P0111W of all Salaries, Pees, and Perqirifites of Offices ana Employments in Great Britain, and on all Petitions aiul otlieF Gratuities payable out of any Revennes belonging to his Majesty in Great Britain, exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum.

Rcfaked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there/hall be paid ftr and upon every Dwelling House inhabited, which now is, or hereafter shall be, crofted, WitliHfi the Kingdom of Great Britain, the yearly Sun* 6f One Shilling, over and above all Duties chargeable I hereupon, to commence from the Fifth Day of this instant April 17^8.

Hejblvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Mu jetty, there that! be paid for every Window or Light in every Dwelling House, inhabited or 1o he inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which ihn.ll contain Fifteen‘Windows or Lights, or upwards, the yearly Stun Of Six Pence for each Window or Light in inch Hofafe; bver and above all Duties 'chargeable thereupon, to com1 inence from the Fifth Day of this instant April 1758.;

The Laid Refutations, being severally read a Second time, wcte,upon the Questionfevorally put Xliei*ctipbn, -agreed to by the House. r' The House was moved, That the Refoiutions, which, upon the 20th Day of December last, were reported from ~ the Committee of the whole 1 Ionic, to whom it was re* ferr&Fto consider further of Ways and M Carts for raising the Supply granted f Ids Majesty, and Were then agreed to by ihe Iloule, might he read:

' -And the same wore, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as foliovvoth; viz.

" RejoivcJ/Yhat the Sum cf Ninety-three thousand

Three hundred Seventy-one Pounds Eleveu Shillings

« and Seven Pence Three Farthings, remain big in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, dispofabie by " Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fufcd, for " the Quarter ended the 10th DuyofOctober 1757, be " ifilled and applied towards'making good the Supply " granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament."

" B (jbtved, That* towards raising the Supply granted " to Ids Majesty, there be issued and applied the Slim of " 'Three hundred thousand Pounds, out of such Monies " as thall or may arise of the Surplusses, Excesses, or " Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing " the Fuml commonly called the Sinking Fund."

The House was also moved, 'That the Resolution, which, upon the 18th Day of this instant April, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

* Bcfolved, 'That t he Sum of Four hundred Ninetytwo thousand Four hundred Pounds Eight Shillings " and Three Pence, remaining in the Receipt of his " M a jetty’s Exchequer, disposable by Parliament, of " the Produce of the Sinking Fund, on the 5th Day of if April 1 7^8, be issued and applied towards making " good the Supply granted to his Maieltv in thisSdfiou " of Parliament."

The House was also moved, That the Jaft of the Refo-Ititioils, Which, upon the 22d Day of this instant April, were reported from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and Were then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; 1 >fz)

" Rejoiced, That, towards raising the Supply granted " to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of4 " One million Six hundred and Six thousand and Seventysix Pounds Five Shillings and One Penny Farthing, out " of fitch Montes as fha.Il or may arise of the Surplusses, " Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, " composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking " Fund."

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuanfc to the said four last mentioned Refoiutions; and also pursuant to the Refoiutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty; which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nu«e?if, the Lord Duncannon, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. B ejl, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, foi granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, PtodiuSe, or Manufacture, of any of his M a jetty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly into foteigri Paints, in "Ships built in Great Britain, tmd navigated accord in gto L-aw; for preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encourage* ment for the Importation of naval Stores from the -Britr//iCo\omes \n America; and for preventing Frauds and Abides iivdm Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty oClKefiminster: And the same was received; and redd the Firii time.

Rsfolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Expiring'

Laws.

Poor

Relief.

SHnewfbury

Roads.

Intlosing j Ctfmradns and preserving Trees*

31 Geo. II.

i° Mail.

22$


Lunar, dMaii;

Anno 31* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Aflitiants, and Guardians of the Poor, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners are, by several Acts of Parliament, constituted and continued Corporation for the Care and Maintenance of the Poor in the said City, and apprehend they are a fair representative Body of the Inhabitants 0 f Bristol, being composed of the Mayor and Aldermen, Forty-eight Persons elected by the Payers to the Poor’s Rates, and of thefenior Churchwardens of the several Parishes in the said City; and that the said Corporation hath had, from its first Institution, the foie Care and Management of the Poor in the said City; and that a Committee of the said Corporation is, in Obedience to the Act of the 18th of his present Majesty, annually elected, and meets regularly to hear the Complaints of the Poor, and to order them proper Relief; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive, the Bill now depending in the House, for the more effectual compelling Overseers of the Poor to obey Orders, made by Justices of the Peace, for the speedy Relief of impotent and necessitous Poor; and to explain the Law with regard to the Power of Justices of the Peace to order Relief on sudden andemer? gent Occnfions; will, as it now bands, give each of the Justices of the Peace in that City a distinct and particular Power to order Relief for poor Persons, and to summon the Governor, Deputy Governor, Committee, and Churchwardens, at his Pleasure, to shew Cause why such Relief should not be given; which the Petitioners allege is not only mincerllary, but also will occasion great Confusion in the Relief and Ordering of the Poor, will tend to inhance the Poor’s Rates in the said City, and may be attended with many other Inconveniences; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confuleration; and to make Provision that the said Act may not extend to that Corporation, or grant such other Relief as to the l louse shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the adjourned Debate be resumed, which arose upon the Motion made upon Wednesday lab, that the Bill for the more effectual compelling Overseers of the Poor to obey Orders, made by Justices of the Peace* for the speedy Relief of impotent and necessitous Poor; and to explain the Laws with regard to the Power of Jnllices of the Peace to order Reliefon sudden and emergent Occasions; with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads from the Town of Shrewjbuiy to Westbuiy, and from Shrewsbury to Min-Jierley, in the County of Salop; and from Shrewsbury to the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, and from Shrewsbury to Oswestry, and from the Finger-post, near Ojwejiry, to Knochin; and also from Cotton Hill, in Shrewsbury, to Bajcfiurch, in the County of Salop; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. L. 15. After "One" to insert "half."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: Aud the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for widening and repairing several Roads leading from the Welsh Gale and Cotton Hill, in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for inclosing, by the mutual Consent Vol. 28.

of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Deft ruftion of Trees; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rq/blvcd, That this House will, upon this Day Seven* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Thijlletlnvayfe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the County of Southampton, over the Top of the Down called Stephens Cajile Down, and through Salt Lane and Tickbourne, to the Town of Nexv Alresford, and fresh the Market House in the said Town of New Alresford-, through Old Alresford, Bradley Lane, and over Herriard Common, to the Town of Odiham, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fevc-ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Motion made upon Wednesday last, That the Bill for the more effectti a I compelling Overseers of the Poor to obey Orders, made by Justice£ of the Peace, for the speedy Relief of impotent and ne* eeflitous Poor; and to explain the Laws with regard to the Pow er of Justices of the Peace to order Relief on sudden and emergent Occasions; with the Amende ments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Friday Morning^next, if the said Bill shall be theit ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for themore effectually Manning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encourage- ment of Seamen, and others belonging to Ships aiul Vessels in the Merchants Service; was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mofning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Inbrnction to the said Committee, That they do canfiderof so milch of an made

3 M in

Bid) op1* Waltham Road.

Poof

Relief.

Manning the Navy.

Supply Bill 1 railing £. 5,000,000

Papilh Wills and Deed*.

Way# and Means.

/ vy

V.

0

ll6

-'2°-Mail.

Supply.

Recruiting the

in the 15th and 16th Years, of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to im power the'Importers or Proprietors of Hum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Ware-houfrs, at their own Expence; and for the Relief of Balph Barrow in respect to the Duty on some Rock Salt loft by the overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and Dane-, as relates to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to the lodging of the same in Warehouses at t lie Expence of the Importers or Proprietors thereof.

Then the House* resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mi. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the TIoufe, That he was directed by the Committee to jnove, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The House was moved} That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of what may be the Charge of the Militia upon the Plan of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges attending the Militia, as the House shall judge necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That what Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer has now acquainted the House with, from his Majesty, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. SpeakeT left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave tb fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy andeffec-

A MeTige from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed so the Bill, intituled, An Act A for allowing a further Time for holding the ldrll Meetings of Commifljnners, or Trustees, lor putting ;n Execution certain Acts made in the last Sctlion of Parliament, without any Amendment: And aito.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Leeds to Shefeld, in I lie

Meetings of mvmflioneu nd-r certain A&v.

Leech,

&c. R oaJs.

Chatteris,

Scl.

Drainage.

ot A Judder.

B'lthop’f

Wal.r.am

KpaU.

County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Paridies of Chatteris and Doddington, in the Ijle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Encouraging to encourage the Growth and Cultivation ot Madder in tneGio-.ua that Part of Great Britain called England, by a leer taming the Tythe thereof there, with some Amendments:

To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order made this Day for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairirigand widening the Roads from the Town of B [/hop's Walt ham, in the County of Southampton, over the Top of the Down called Stephen's Castle Down, and through Salt Lane^vA Tichbounie to the Town of New Alresford, and from the Market House in the said down of New Alresford, through Old Aire ford, Bradley Lane, and over Hcrriard Common, to the Town of Odiham, in the said County, was committed, after the House ihoaid have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day. being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House: And ail Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2° die Maii;

Annp 310 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1758.

P rayers.

THE House being informed, That some of the Commissioners for Taxes attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuanr to their Order,

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were Handing out at Lady-day last, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whole Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongii the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the Parishesof Semin gton, Steeple Afiton, Hinton, Keevil, and Places adjacent, in was committed, be received upon this Day Sevenni^ht, the County of Wilts, living u^r to the Read leading 1*9 from

Account of Land Tax Arrears.

Land Forces, tual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines,

Weflbotyf

&c. Roads.

WeHbcrv, &c. ‘ Roads.

Ditto.

31 Geo. II.

from Wcjlbury, through Semington, to Mdksham, in the County aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, 'Hint the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is brought into the House for altering,widening, amendin'.-, and ihoitening, the Road leading from Pengate, in the Parish of Westbary, in the County of Wilts, to Lat-dn is Bridge, near the Raft End of the Town of Market Lavington, in the Parilli of West Lavington, in the said County; and, nmongu others, the Road leading from a Place called Yarnbrooke, up West Ashton Hill, through Semington, to the Turnpike Road at Melksham; and that Part of the said Jail-mentioned Road, to.wit, from the Gate leading out of Ashton Common, t hrough Sailing-.to, to the Turnpike Road at Melksham aforesaid, is now in good and fomcient Repair, and may be kept lo by the Laws in being; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the said Road from Yaynbrooke, to the Gate leading out of Ashton Common into Semington Parish, will not be repaired if the said Bill should pals into a Law; and fur* ther alleging, that, if any Turnpike should be set upon au v Part or Parts of the Road leading from the Gate out of Ashton Common, through Scmingion, to Meik* Jlmm a fur e said, or on the Sides thereof, all Per suns, having Cccauon to pals that Road, will be greatly injured thereby: Aral therefore praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill to red rain the Trustees, therein to be named, from eroding any Turnpike or Toll-gate in, upon, cross, or on the Sides of, any Part of the said Road which lieth between that Part of the Tinhead Road in Ashton Common,wRich the said West bury Road is intended to cross, and Oulmarsh Gale, at the North Side of Out-marsh, leading to the Turnpike Road at MeUsham aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have Inch other Relief in the Premiles, as to the House shall seem meet:

A Petition oft he Gentlemen, Clergy, Clothiers, Freeholders, and oilier Inhabitants of the Parish of Trow-bvidge, in the County of Wilts, and Places adjacent, living near to the Road leading from Westbury, through Sc mingf on,to Mdksham, in the County aforesaid, was al so prefen ted to the House, and read; taking Notice, That, by a Clause in the said Bill, Provision is made to impower the Trufrees appointed by an Act, passed in the 26th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Well End of Scend Street, in the County of Wilts, to the IJorfe and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the said County, to fell to the Trustees, to be appointed by the said Bill, for a certain Stipend yearly, One Turnpike erected at or near the Town of Melksham, by the bide of the Road leading from Scend to the Horse and Jockey, arid cross the Road leading from Semington to a I louse called Praters or Shernels, with the Tolls arising therefrem, to be from thenceforward appropriated to the Use of the Trustees to be appointed by the said Bill; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend the said Turnpike has been erected contrary to the I ntent and Meaning of the before recited Act, and is burthenlbme and oppressive to the Petitioners, and others who have Occasion to travel the said Road $ and that the Road leading from Ashton Covimon, through Se-.mington, to the Turnpike Road at Mtlkjkam, is now in good Repair, and may be kept foby the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That the Clause before referred to in the Bill now brought in may not pass into a Law; and that a Clause may be inserted in the said Bili to relirain the Trullees, to be therein named, from erecting any Turnpike or Toll-gate in, upon, cross, or on the Sides of, any Part of the Road leading out of A/hton Common, through Semington, to the Turnpike Road at Melk/ham; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premifes, as to the House shall seem meet:

A Petition of the several Perfoos, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,beingTrufiees.ap pointed, amongst others, for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Gieen Man, in the Chapelry ol AVcw^in the County of JF///.r,through Trowbridge, to a Place called White Trough, in the Parish of

Vol. 28.

2;27.

Trowbridge, in the same County, and from thence, by Hoad Church, to Beckuigton, in the County of Sumerjet, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging.

That the Petitioners have borrowed, on the Credit of the lolls arising from that Part of the said Road leading from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Scend, to White Trough, in the Parish of Trowbridge, the Sum of £.2,000, and on the Credit of the TJIs arising from the other Part of the said Road, leading from White Trough to Bee king fan, the Sum of £ .1,009; which several Sums they have expended in repairing the said Roads ;nnd that to enable them to discharge the Interdl of tile Money, so borrowed, and to keep the said Roads in Repair, the Petitioners have erected, amongst others, One Side-gate, leading out of the Turnpike Road between the Green Man and White Trough, and cross the Road leading through Semington to the Turnpike Road in Melksham> which Gate they were impowereu to erect, and have covenanted with the Mortgagee of the Tolls so to do; that nevertheless the Tolls ai ding from the several Gates ercCted are insufficient to discharge the Interest of the Money borrowed, and keep the said Roads in Repair, iufomueh that the Petitioners have necessarily expended, in the Repair of the Road between the Green Man and White Trough aforesaid, over and above the said Sum of £.1,000, the Sum £.500 and upwards; and that the Petitioners are informed there is a Clause in the find Bill, by which it is prpposed, that no Turnpike shall be erected, or permitted to remain, if already erected, upon that Part of the said Roads directed to be repaired by the? before-mentioned Act, and by several other Acts in the said Clause recited, so as to subject any Person to the Payment of any d oll, by virtue of the said Acts, for travelling the said Roads; and that, iliould such Clause pass into a Law, the Powers granted by the said first-recited Act would be rendered null and void, the Security made of the Tolls be rendered quite ineffectual, and the Roads thereby directed to be repaired, in a very fiiort time, become ruinous: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Comi-fel, against so much of the said Bill as tends to deprive them of all or any of the Power? and Authorities with which they are by the said Act veiled; and that no Powders or Authorities mi\v be given to the Trustees, to be named in the said intended Act, which may defeat or lelfen the Securities made by the Petitioners, or render them incapable of performing their Covenants with the Mortgagee of the said Tolls: or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the

House shall seem meet:

And the said JPetit jpns were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering, widening, amending, and lhortening, the Road leading from Pengate, in the Parish. of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, to hatchet's Bridge, near the Eafr End of the Town of Market Lavington, in the Parish of West Laving ton, in the said County; and also the Road leading from Market Lavington Down, down Market Lavington Hill, to and through Market Lavington aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road near Deweys Water, in the Road leading from West Lavingtqn aforesaid to the Town of Devizes, in the said County of Wilts; and also the Road leading from Bolejborough, down Wcfibiuy Hill, through the Town of Westbury, acrose AllmarjhField, by Yarnbrooke, toStudleyLane Ends, adjoining to the TurupikeRoad leading from Trout-bridge lo Becking ton, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road leading from Yarnbrooke aforesaid, up Weston Ashton Hill, through Semington, to the Turnpike Road at Melksham, in the said County of Wills; is committed.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Way* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred an4 Mean*, to consider further of Way sandMeans for railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House;

whick

20 Mail

22 3 2* Mail. 758.

which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as folio we th; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Annuities, payableptirfuantto the Resolution of this House of the bid Day of April (aft, be charged upon the several additional Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and Upon HoUfes, and uponWln-dows or Lights, which were granted by the Resolutions of this House of Saturday lad.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act* made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further fencou-. raging and regulating the MariufaChire of British-made Sail Cloth; and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into vthis Kingdom; which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1736 for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the 13th and 24th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 25th Day of ,jDecember 1757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 4th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from I he 24th Day of June 1731, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the 10th,

16th, and 24th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the bet ter fecilring and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America) which was to continue in Force for Five Y~ears,to be computed from the 24 th Day of June 1733, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the 11 tli, 19th, 26th, and 29th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1759, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 15th and 16th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to impower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses at their own Expence; and for the Relief of Ralph Barrow, in respect to the Duty on some Rock Salt loft by the Overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and Dane, as relates to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to the lodging of the same in Warehouses, at the Expence of the Importers or Proprietors thereof, which was to continue in Force until the 29th Day of September 1749, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 29th Day of September 1757, and from thence to the End of The then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second timp, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the Four last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr.

Charlton, Mr. ttacon, Mr. lVefi9 and Mr. Webb, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole IToufe, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Ihe Resolution which the Compiittee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as (olioweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred thou land Pounds, be granted to his Majesty upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia for the Year 1758, and for defraying such Expences as were actually incurred upon the Account of the Militia in the Year 17S7.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, wa.4, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Town* fiendfsir John Philipps, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. John Pitt,

Mr. Bacon) Sir John Turner, Doctor Day, and Mr. tlejl, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Papish to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, WiiSaad upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Mor daunt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee*

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleafeto receive the same.

Ordered, that the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the Committee, Wefhninft« to whom the Bill for establishing a tree Market for the Com Sale of Corn and Grain within the City or Liberty of ^Jark<t Wefminjkr; -and for regulating the Sale of Hhv and Straw within the said City or Liberty; is committed;

That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill to impower the Trustees appointed to putin Execution an Act, passed in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of Fish, and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in aClause contained in an Act, of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook, to use the Ground appointed for the said Market as a free Market for the Sale of Corn and Grain in common with the Sale of Fiffi.

An ingrossed Bill for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, was read the Third time.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, that Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Assize

of

Bread, fee.

A Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for Expiring granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Pro- Lawl*

duce,

3iGe6.IL to M'

diice, or Mannfaftiife, of atiy of his MajeilyVs Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly into foreign Parts, irrShips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; for preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts $ for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Storesfrom the Rritijk Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, in the City and Liberty of Westminster; was read a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon,

Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaimt, Mr. Prozcfe, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Foley, Mr. Charlton. Mr. Symons, Mr. Gore, Mr. Medlycott, Sir John Philipps, Mr. More, Sir John Custl, Mr. Trijt, Mr, Alderman Beckford, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Drake, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Af/leck, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Lewis, Mr, Fdlcwes, Mr. West, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Webb, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Gybbon,. Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Coventry, Major General Cornwallis, Mr. Sandys, Sir Edmund I foam, Mr. George Onslow, Sir William Owen, Mr. Shelldy, Sir Fr'ancis Poole, Mr. Hanger, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Nor they. Sir John Turner, Mr., Tozon/hend, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. 'Lyfier, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Hamilton, Lord Pozverf-court, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Nugent, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Pole, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Pozvell, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Pitt; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Expiring Mr. Bacori presented to the House, according to Or-k*8, der, a Bill for making perpetual several Acts therein mentioned, for prevent! ngTheft and Rapine on the North-ern Borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and also Two Clauses, to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop Binds; for the more effectual Pu-n ifh men t of Pc r Tons m al ici ou fly fetti ng on Fi re any Mine, Pit, or Deiph of Coal or Canal Coal, and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any red or fallow Deer in Forests or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other Officers in Forests, Chaces, or Parks; and also so much of an Act as relates to the Power of appealing to the Circuit Courts in Civil Cafes in Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bridgeford The House'was moved, That the Petition of several Lane, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, and also of &c- the Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed R‘oad* in the 2 7 th Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places, in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, and Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green ' at Kettering, in the County of Northampton, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to j the House upon the 11 th Day of February lait, and then

j ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read:

( And the same was read accordingly.

Qrdnrd, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* side rat ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

; And it is referred to Mr. Auditor Waf/on, Sir Mat-

j ihezo Lam be, Mr. Pelham, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Chari-

j ton. Lord Downe, Mr. George Onjlozv, Colonel Rofcazven,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Morion, Mr. Cartzvright, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Molyneux, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Ridley, Doctor j Hay, Mr. Bowes, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Tozon/hend,

Mr, Gore, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. More, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Moore, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Probyn,

Mr. Wilkin/bn, Mr. Finch, Mr, Prozofe, Mr. Hezvett, VOL. 28.

Mr. D'Ki'ihv/, Mr. Bridgman, Major General Cornwallis Mr. Hailey, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Gajhry,

Mr. Martin. Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Hamilton, Lord George Cavtndi/l Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Selzvyn, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Chetzoynd,

Mr. Trijl, Mr. Craftier, Mr. Thistlethwayte, Mr. Aide-man Beckford, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Thynne,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Grosvenor,

Air. Pye, Mr. Fan ere an; and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, Lincoln, Huntingdon, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoqn at five of the.Clock, in {the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of fqveral of the Trustees named in an Act; Bril^eford of Parliament, passed in the 2 7th Year of his present Ma- Lane*

jesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, through 0

several Places therein mentioned, to the BowlingGreeu at Kettering, in the County of Northampton, and cif the several other Persons, whose Names ^re thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging.

That the Petitioners observe, that a Petition is depend* ing to enlarge the Term granted by the Laid Act,*«&3 to explain, amend, and inforce, the Powers thereby given, which said Road is by the said Act directed to go and be repaired through the Town of Normanfon, in Lhe County of Nottingham; and that, if the said Road yva$ to be carried through the Town of Plum tree, through Stanton Lane, leading into Widmoor Pool Field, to the Town of Upper Broughton, instead of going through Normanlon, it would be more easily repaired, as Alaterials for the Purpose lie very near thereto: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the Bill, so prayed to be brought in, to carry the said Road through Pliqnlree, and through Stanton Lane, leading into Widmoor Pool Field, through the Town of Upper Broughton, instead of going through the Town of Normanton,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, and also of the Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 27th Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridge-ford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through severalTowns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham,

Leicester, and Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Encouraging Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to encourage the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof.

And the said Amendments were read -> and are as followeth; viz.

Pr 1. L. 32. After " Vicar," insert " Curate Pr. 2. L. 2. After Tythe," insert " of Madder At the End of the Bill add Clause A.

Clause A: " Provided always, and be it Enacted, by " the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue <c and be in Force for the Space of Fourteen Years,

" and from thence to the End of the then next Session <c of Parliament, and no longer."

The said Amendments, being Severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanger do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

3 N The

Rfoiftering of Deeds.

Bouftfv on Corn exported.

Supply Bill;

railing £. 5,000,000

Preventing

Frauds

in felling Straw.

Vemey’s

Estatea.

2° — 3° Mali.

23°.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Conrmittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the public Registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, WiIJs, and other Incumbrances, that fli&ll be made of, or that may affect, any Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England, wherein public Registers are not already appointed by Act of Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Beckford took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Beckford reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That thisHoule will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Payment of the Bounty upon the Exportation of Corn, unless sold at a lower Price than is allowed in an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary.

Resolved, That this House will, uponTlunfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty, a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30 Mali;

Anno 310 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

A BILL to ascertain the Weight every Truss of Straw, brought or olfered for Sale within the City of London, or any Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places mentioned in the said Bill, shall contain; and to punish Deceits in the Sale of Hay and Straw, within the Limits aforesaid; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Gore, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Affleck, Sir Lynch Salufbury Cotton, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Harvey, Mr.' Symons, Mr. Foley, Mr. Earle, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Cholrnley. Sir John Crosse, Mr. Webb, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Mack-worth, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Chelny nd, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Delaval; and all die Members who serve for the City of London; and for the Counties of Middlesex, \EJex, Kent, Suirey, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Clayton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling divers Lands and Tenements, and Shares of Lands and Tenements, in London, Middlesex, and Surrey, of and belonging to Ralph Earl of Verney, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Mary Countess of Varney, and Dame Henrietta Maria Clayton respectively; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in purchasing other I<ands and Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: And that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And that the Committee haddirefted him to report the Bill to the House 5 without any 17

j. 1758;

Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir John Crosse reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Vestry-men, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster, in Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parish ioners, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. Fcarey,\eHry Clerk to the said Parish, produced to your Committee, several Workmens Bills for repairing the Parish Church of Saint Margaret's, Westminster, amounting to £. 516 and upwards: which have all been paid within these 8 Months, as appears by the several Entries of the Proceedings of the Vestry, in a Book which was produced before your Committee:

And he informed your Committee, That the necessary Repairs of the said Church cannot be completed by the Parishioners without the greatest Difficulty, by reason of the great Expence they are at on Account of their Poor; they having maintained last Year near 450poor People in their Workhouse; and gave Quarterly/Relief to about 150 out of the Workhouse; and that the Whole Parochial Rates of the said Parish were then, and are still, assessed at 2 s. 3d. in the Pound on Rack-rent; and that for several Years preceding that Time, the said Rates amounted to is. 7d. in the Pound:

That the Debt contracted by the said Parish, on Account of their Poor, between the Years 1740 and 1748, amounted to £.1945. 8$. 3 d. notwithstanding an additional Rate of id. in the Pound was levied annually during that Time, and till 1756, upon the Inhabitants, for the Relief of the Poor, which additional Rate amounted to above £. 2,400; but that the said Debt is now reduced to £. goo:

And the Reason alleged by Mr. Feareij, for having contrafted the said Debt, and making the said additional Rate, was, that 325 Houses {landing in the said Parish had been pulled down, to open Streets and Avenues towards Westminster Bridge, for the Use of the Public; and that above 200 other Houses have been, or are liable to be, taken down, in pursuance of the Act for opening a Square near Dean's Yard.

And your Committee having been informed, That the said Church is now in a decayed and ruinous Condition, notwithstanding the large Sums of Money so lately laid out thereon; called before them,

Mr. Kenton Couse, a Surveyor, who said, That he had surveyed the said Church within these Two Months; and that the Floors, Pews, and Seats, of the Gallery on the North Side of the Church, belonging to the House of Commons, and the Gallery ou the opposite Side, together with the Stairs leading to the said Gallery, are in a very decayed Condition, and are so bad, that they cannot be repaired, but mull be entirely new; and as the Seats in the Members Gallery are at present very narrow and incommodious, it is proposed to alter them in such Manner, that they will be more fitting for tile Reception of the House of Commons:

That the Floors, Pews, and Seats, in the Body of the Church below, are intirely worn out, and mull be made new:

That the Pavement of the Church being partly Brick, is become extremely bad; and as Graves are now frequently made under the fame, the Piers which support the Roof of the Church, may in time be endangered thereby; and the Witness laid, it was therefore proposed to make a Vault under the Middle lfle, by which Means, when the Church is new pewed and paved, the Pews will not be damaged by' the removing them at any Time for Burials:

And the Witness further said, That the East End of the Church is very ruinous, and the great Window and Altar decayed; and as the said Ealt End of the Church is

built

St.

Margaret*

Church,

Westminner.

3i Geo. II. 3d MaiL i$i

built with Rubble and soft Stone, it cannot be repaired, but mud be taken clown and re-built, and a new Altar1 and Window mud be made:

That the inside Plaistering of the wholeChurch wants repairing and white-washing; and the outride Stucco above the Leads of the North and South Ides is very bad, and mud be done new, to prevent the Weather from penetrating into the Walls, which are built with soft Stone and Hubble, and are very thin:

That the Windows of the Church are most of them at present glazed with ordinary small Glass, and are itl a very bad Condition, and ought to be glazed in another4 Manner; and the Stone Work of the Window Frames likewise wants repairing:

That the Church, from the great Number of Doors, is at present very cold; and from its great Length, very difficult to be heard in, especially in the Pews at the East End of the North and South iiles, for which Reason they are at present empty:

Thru the (hutting up Two Arches on each Side, as it will add to the Symmetry of the Church, will also con-tribue to make the same much warmer, and will make the Hearing in those Pews extremely easy:

And the Witness further said, That it was proposed to make a Portal at the West End of the Church, and to erect Waffs round the dark Vestry, at the South West Corner of the Church, to secure the Church from Accidents by Fire from the adjacent Buildings:

And he informed your Committee, That he apprehends the Expence of the Whole of the Repairs and Improvements proposed to be done to the said Church, may amount to about £.6,000.

Mr. Samuel Peirfon, one of the Churchwardens of the said Parish,-informed your Committee, That several Corpse lie so near the Surface of the Ground in the Church, that the Pariffiioners have frequently complained to him of the Stench occasioned thereby.

And it appeared to your Committee, by several Acts of the 8th and 12th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, that Money had been granted by Parliament in those Years, towards the Repair of the said Church.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Members Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

fiumnoned. House, dp go, with the Mace, into the Speaker’s Chambers, and the Rooms adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the Hopfe.

And he went accordingly:

And he being returned;

A Petition of several Merchants, Tradesmen, and

Eon5 other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Southwark, in the Bridge. County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That £.15,000 has been granted towards the Repair of London Bridge; which the Petitioners allege, they have been informed was intended to make the said Bridge free for all his Majesty’s Subjects passing over and under the fame; and that the Petitioners were in Hopes of being Partakers of this public Bounty and Generosity; but bearing that the Bill now depending in the House is confined to the Tolls granted for repairing the said Bridge, by an Act passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House, the Hardship the Petitioners, and all other Traders, will continue to labour under, by being obliged to pay a Toll of One Penny for every loaded Waggon, Cart, and Dray, with Slug Wheels, drawn by Two Horles: and Two Pence for every Waggon, Cart, and Dray, with SIugWheels,drawn. by Three Ilorfes; and a Toll of Four Pence for every loaded Waggon, Cart, and Dray, the Wheels whereof are ffiod with Iron; and which Toll is paid every Time such Waggon, Cart, or Dray, pafics over the said Bridge, even on the same Day; and further alleging. That the Petitioners have been informed, that the Surveyors and Workmen now employed in widening and amending Vol. 28.

the said Bfidgfe, h£t\fe found odt the true Principles on which it is bnilt; and that the Foundation of the Piers are built of a hard durable Stone, well cemented together, and ate adjudged by the Surveyors as found and fuftantial a Building as ever was or can be erected; and that the Piers are not built on wooden Piles as formerly believed and asserted, but on a Stone Foundation, now as strong and firm as when first built; and that when the said Bridge is finished, great Savings will be made in keeping it in Repair from what hath been formerly expended, being then judged necefikry from the mistaken Opinion of a wooden Foundation; and that the Petitioners are informed, there are very confidefable Estates, amounting to a very large Sum, appointed solely for the Repairs of the said Bridge, which the Petitioners apprehend will be very sufficient to maintain the fame, without the said Tolls uponWaggons, Carts, and Drays* and that if the said Estates shall not be thought sufficient for the Repairs of the said Bridge, Ihe Petitioners hope ' the said Tolls may not remain a Burthen on Trade and Commerce; but that such necessary Toll, if any, may be laid on Coaches, Chariots, Chaises; and Horsefi: And therefore praying the House. to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein, as to the House diall seem meet.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending an Act Improving made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, London intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Bnd2e* Passage over and through London Bridge; and for rendering the same more effectual; was read the Third time:

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, appointing the Commencement of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank;* which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Quession put thereupon,agreed toby the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider*

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 21. To leave out " to such Uses and in " fuel) Manner, as," and insertcc for lle-building,". instead thereof.

L. 23.7 To leave out from " said" to " pro-24. £ " vided," and insert " Bridge,in-ftcad thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

liejolved. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title bo, An Act for applying a Sum of Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for re building Londo?i Bridget and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the 2()th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge. '

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. '

The House being informed, that Mr. Reive, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purfuatit to their Orders,

An Account of the Drawbacks that have been paid Accounts of upon leather, manufactured or unmanufactured, re-ex- Drawbidu ported out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, _ on

from the 24th Day of June 1 750, to the 24th Day of Leather* June 1757; distinguishing the manufactured from the unmanufactured Leather; and also diffiuguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of foreign Leather im* ported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the 24th Day of Jmc 1750, to the 24th Day of June 1757; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of (he Quantities of foreign Tanner’s Bark, imported into that Part of Great Britain called

Scot tan dy

L*

233 3° — 4* Mad. 1758.

Scotland, from the 24 th Day of June to the 24th Day of June 1757; distinguishing each Year.

And then'* he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to he peril fed by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongil the other

Papers of this Session. *

Bishop* A11 ingossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads

Waltham from the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the County of Road. Southampton, over the Top of the Down called Stephens' Castle Down, and through Salt Lane and Tick bourne, to the Town of Nezo Alresford; and from the Market House in thefyid Town of New Alresford, through Old Alresford, Bradley Lane, and over Herr lard Common, to the Town of Odiham, in the said County; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following wasproposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 7. After " apparent," to insert, " or."

And; the said Amendment was, upon the Qucliion put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended aft the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads frrom the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the County of South-" empton, over the Top of the Down called Stephens Castle

Dawn, and through Salt Lane and Tichbourne, to the Town of New Alresford; and from the Market House in the said Town of New Alresford, through Old Aires-ford, Bradley Lane, and over Jlerriard Common, to the Town of Odiham, ill the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Thifilethwayte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

PapilU’ Sir Charier Mordaunt, according to Order, reported

Wills and /j0m the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

Deeds. Bin for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendmenlswereonce read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Several ly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Scc^nS The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Deck Yards re ^ve Bfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon

the Bill for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth, and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trullees, for the Use of his Majesty; and for making a Jutland reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements,and Hereditaments;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve ilfelf into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill.

Manning The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Con-

1:1c Navy, sideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the morecfieftuallyManning of his Majesty\s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen and others belonging to Ships and Vessels in the Merchants Service*, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, 16

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

TheotherOrdef of the Day being read, for the I Icufe to Supply

resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of thG Supply granted to his Majesty*

And a Motion being made. That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Book, which was presented to the House upon Thursday the 23d Day of February last, intituled,cc Report, Plans, and Estimates, for fortifying " Milford Haven, by Lieutenant Colonel Bajiule, Director of Engineers, November 1757," was referred, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House;

Mr. Chancellor of the.Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty recommends it to the House, to make Provisioa lor for* tifying and securing the Harbour of Milford.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itjelf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution* which they had directed him. to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 40 die Maii;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Pa AYERS.

MR. Rebozo reported from the Committee, to whom Colchester the Bill for regulating, governing, preserving, and Oyfler improving the Oyfier Fishery in the River Colne, and Fiihtry. Waters thereto belonging, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second lime, one by one; and, .upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed. f

The Lord Advocate of Scotland, reported from the Duke of Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Contract of Leateof Mines, between Charles Duke of Queen [berry and Dover, of the one Part, and Ronald Craufurd, James Crawfurd, and Daniel Telfer, of the other Part; and for enabling the said Duke, and his Heirs of Entail, to grant Leases in Terms of the said Contraft; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fametobe true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed

him

31 Geo. II. 40 — -1

him to report the Bill to the I Ion fe, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the CJerk’sTable:

Preventing Ordered, That. Wilkes, Mr. Wilkin [on, Mr. Poller, Frauds Mr. Moore, Mr. Sanctus, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. lleivdl, — Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bertie, he added to the Committee,to whom the Bill to a (certain the Weight every Truss of Straw, broughtor offered for Sale within the City of London, or any Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places mentioned in the said Bill, shall contain; and to punish Deceits in the Sale of Hay and Straw, within the Limits aforesaid; is committed.

Supply. Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the Ilonfe; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum; not exceeding 'Pen thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford.

The said Resolution being read a Se^nd time, was, - upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir John Philipps, and Mr. Oswald, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bounty Thfc Order of the Day being read, for the House to on Com resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, e*K>rtc upon the Bill for prohibiting the Payment of the Bounty upon the Exportation of Corn, unless fold atalower Price than is allowed in an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Gommittee of the whole-House upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ra,sing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

£. 5,000,000. the gjj for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Wav of Annuities and a Lottery;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Manning The House resolved itself into a Committee of the the Navy. u ]10]e House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectually Manning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, be-lon^ingto Ships and Vessels in the Merchants Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.*

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Waplc and Air. Lane:

All*. Speaker,

Gtbucester, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act &c* for enlarging tiic Terms and Powers of Two Acts of oatk’ Parliament, one pafi'ed in lhe 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the 'Perm and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the iath Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Pis It, for repairing the Road from the City uiGloucester

Vol. 28.

0 Mail. 233

to Slone, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for making the said AS more effectual; and theother paired in the 22d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, and the oilier passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act, and for making the said Acts more effectual, and also for repairing other Roads therein mentioned; and for making all the said Acts more effectual; and for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Powriey’s vest Part of the settled Estate of Pcnyfton Powney, Ef- Eftares. quire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and to lay out the Money, arising from the Sale thereof, in real Estates, to be settled to the same Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for D'Ahbadie’s naturalizing John Baplifi D'Abbadie: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 5* die Maii;

Anno 31° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act D»Abbadie*s for naturalizing John Baptist D'Abbadie, was read Nat. the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act yernev*s for felling divers Lands and Tenements, and Shares of £ftale'5. Lands and Tenements, in London, Middlesex, and Surrey, of and belonging to Ralph Earl of Verney, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Mary Countess of Verney, and Dame Henrietta Maria Clayton respectively; and for laying out the Aloney arising by such Sale, in purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Reco- Brjxlon very of small Debts within the Western Division of the Small Debts. Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Sun'ey.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to powncy»5 vest Part of the settled Estate of Penyflon Pozvney, Squire, e dates,

deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and to lay out the Money, arising from the Sale thereof, in real Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Edward Walpole reported from the Committee, to Yarmouth whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debti. final I Debts, within the Borough of Great Yarmouth, and the Liberties thereof,was committedjThat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone

3 O ‘ through


2 34

Mali.

A. 1758.

through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the t House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Christian Mai ford Bridge Rc*d.

Sheffield

&c.

Roads.

Wicken,

Sec.

Drainage.

Northleigh

Inclosure.

> Torch

r jr.'tMted > a. 1 tfi.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Christian Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to Shillingford Gate, in the County of Berks; and also from Swindon to Lyd-denton Wall, in the said County of Wilts; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

In the Lift of Commissioners, to insert, " Thomas Cox, w Gentleman, Giles Earle Esquire, the Reverend John " Frampton Clerk, Robert Harding, Matthew Hopkins,

" Gentlemen, Francis Pophani Esquire, John Talbot " junior Esquire, Williams, Gentleman, the

" Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Burgesses, of the X( Borough of Wootton Bajet, for the Time being."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Rill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Christian Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to Shillingford Gate, in the County of Berks', and also from Swindon to Lyddcnton Wall, in the said County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Crafter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairingand widening the Bodi^voxn Lit t.leShejfi eld, in the County of York, through the Towns of Hathersage, Hope, and Cqflleton, to Sparroupitt Gale, in the County of Derby; and from the Guide Post near Barber's Fields Cupola,t\u'Owg\\Grindlcford Bridge, Greal IIuckbw, Tidf well, Hardgalc Wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Ijle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouze, and Milden-hall Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of If eham, Fordham, Solmm, and Wicken; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Coofervators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, called Northleigh Common Fields, and a Common or W?/ie, called Northleigh Heath, within the Parish or Township of Northleigh, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enforce and render more effectual an Act, made in the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland, to the Crown unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditorsthereupon; andtoestablifliaMethod of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Pro-f,is thereof for the better civilizing and improving the 1 Iighlandsof Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future; without any Amendment: And also,

2 4

The Lords have agreed-to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nui-lances, and other Offences within the said City and Liberty; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Four several Acts of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Tenth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, respectively, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dun* church, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Grounds, Heaths, and waste Ground, of Upper Boddington and Lower Bod-din gion, within the Parish of Upper Boddington, in the County of Northampton; and for settling a Rate, or certain annual Slim of Money, to be paid in Lieu of the Tythes of certain old Inclosurc9 within the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, in the Ilamlet, Township, or Village, of Upton, in the Parish of Blervbury, in the County of Berks: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Bill, now ingrossed, for the more effectual cord* pelJingOverfeers of the Poor to obey Orders, made by Justices of the Peace, for the speedy Relief of impotent and necessitous Poor; and to explain the Laws with regard to the Power mf Justices of the Peace, to order Relief on sudden and emergent Occasions; was, according to Order, read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. After cc Place," to insert, " where there is cc no Corporation or Corporate Body appointed or " established by any Act or Acts of Parliament for " the Care of the Poor."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted.

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. 5 Mr'

’IMr. Wilkes:

Tellers for the Noes 5 ^'r Jolin tellers lor the woes, M).

75-

27-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual compelling Overseers of the Poor, or other Persons authorized to take Care of the Poor, to obey Orders, made by Justices of the Peace, for the speedy Relief of impotent and ne-ceffitous Poor; and to explain the Law with regard to the Power of Justices of the Peace, to order Relief on sudden and emergent Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Symons do carry-the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the public Registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that Audi be made of, qv that may afledl, any Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, ami Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England, wherein public

Regiftm

Westmfnfter

Coiiftabks,

&c.

Old

Stratford

to

Dunrhurch j l<oad.

Boddington

inclosurci

Upton

Inclosure.

Poor

Relief.

.Registering of Deeds.

b,

3i Geo. II. 5° — 8 235

Registers are not already appointed by Act of Parliament;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair*

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

T.ltafor.l.oY} 34-

Tellers for the Noes,^{[.' Alderman D!ckinf35-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, Thzt this House will,upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to raisinS resolve itself into a Committeeof the whole House, upon .5,000,000. the gjj for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, be raised by way of Annuitiesand a Lottery;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilk

The other Order of the Day being read *,

Manning Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee of the ihelsav). \vhole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectually Manning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships and Vessels in the Merchants Service; was recommitted; t he Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Militia Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Eitimatc. j-]0llfe} according to Order, a Bill for applying the Money granted by Parliament towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, for the Year 1758; and for defraying the Expences incurred on Account of the Militia in the Year 1757: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the Firll time, t Refohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

»Suppw Bill; Mi’- Bacon presented to the House, according to Order,

; SaildoiMc* a Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating lo British Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on \ foreign Sail Cloth; and lo the Allowance upon the Ex-

f pollution of British-made Gunpowder; and for encou-

raging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America;

! and for permitting Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar

j Plantations, to be landed before the Duties of Excise

arc paid thereon: And the same was received, j Ordered, That Mr. Bacon have Leave to make 4

Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.-Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cirencester ^r* T)awnaxj presented to the House, according to Ko«di. Order, a Bill to enable the Trustees, appointed for putting in Execution an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of the Act of the 15th Year of his present Majesty, for en-Vol. 28.


1


t

larging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from iCirencester Towns End to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, as directs, that the Inhabitants of the/everal Pariflus and Hamlets therein named shall pass Toll-free; and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Cirencester, to the down’s End there; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts; to reduce all or any of the Tolls granted by the said Act:

And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Dawnai) have Leave to make a Motion

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Oi'dered, That Mr. Vanjiltart have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Upton Act for dividing and i n cl oft ng certain open and common lndo:ur< Fields in the Hamlet, Township, or Village, of Upton, in the Parish of Blewbury, in the County of Berks, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 8° die Maii;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

MR. Oswald reported from the Committee, to whom forkaldy the Bill to continue an Act made in the 15th Year Two-pemes of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Scot*,

laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or one Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kirkaldij, and Liberties thereof; and to render the said Act more effectual, by extending the same to the East Miln Lands, belonging to the Prime Guild Box, with the Borough of Kirkaldij; wascommitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for regulating, governing, preserv- ColchefUr ing, and improving, the Oyster Fishery in the River Oyster Colne, and Waters thereunto belonging, was read the Hiker/. Third time. i

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title, be, An Act for regulating, governing, preserving, and improving, the Oyster Fishery in the River Colne, and Waters thereunto belonging.

Ordered, That Mr. RebotO do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for allowing further Time for InroII- Papists ment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was read the Third time. ce

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing further Time for Inroilment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Ordered,

if

8° Maii. ^.1758.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. El Ac:

Mr. Speaker,

Cirencester The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cricklade ^or repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in Road. the Count}" of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of f'Wilts; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

opBe^&c. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

from Ireland, the free Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, into this Kingdom from Ireland, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Thomas Coventry, Mr. Staunton, and Mr. Gibbons, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Westminster Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, ac-Fish Market, cording to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the , 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 22,6 Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the Forestallingand Monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish mider the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his Jate Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.-

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

Tallo* count of the Quantity of Tallow contrafted for to be th^Nav ,n Majesty,s Ships and Yards, for Three Years,

e a'y’ ending at Christmas Jaft; distingui filing each Year, together with the several Prices thereof.

Tellers for the Y

f eas,

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Y'eas w ent forth.

Mr. John Titty )

Mr Bankas: j

Tellers for the Noes, } 31-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedneslay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Recruiting Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Lam/i^rccj whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thurso day Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Payment of the Bounty upon c ‘ the Exportation of Corn, unless sold at a lower Price than is allowed in an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ways Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to

and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the 'Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they doconsider of the Duty upon Wrought Plate.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty on Wrought Plate, from the Commencement thereof to Midsummer last; distinguishing ’each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several RefoUitions, which they had directed him lo report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordercdy That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of Ways and Means lor railing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Tt.dosing The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Commons resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon %ctxy'n° lo amend and render more effectual an Act,

pasted in the 29th Y’ear of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for inclosing, by the mutual Consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for , Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees;

A Motion, was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon this pay Two Months, re-

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to supply. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedneslay Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into aCommitteeof the whole House, upon rsif,n?

the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of s*0*50*000-Money, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration; Manning the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to the Navy, whom the Bill for the more effectually Manning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships and Vessels in the Merchants Service; was re-committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severallyputthereupon,some of them weredifagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Importation ot Beef, &c. from Ireland.

Drawback

on

CiHicoes,&c.

burnt.

Cirencotfer

Hoads.

31 Geo. II. 9° Mail.

Mart is, tf die Maii;

Anno 31* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

MR. Thomas Coventry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill, to permit the free Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Thomas XVatfan, of Morris's Causeway, in the County of Surrey, Callicoe Printer, was presented to the House, and read; fettingforth. That by afudden Fire, which broke out in the Workshop of the Petitioner on the 8th of September 1755, a considerable Quantity of East India Callicoes, and German Linens, intended for Exportation, were destroyed; that the said Goods being of foreign Manufacture, fundiy Duties were paid at the Custom House upon their Importation into these Kingdoms: And therefore praying the House, That the Petitioner may be allowed such of the Duties as would have been drawn back upon the Exportation of the said Goods; or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Hammond, Mr. Coventry; Mr. Brudenell, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Molyneux, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Proufe, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Crajler, M r. Earle, M r. Hume, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Daw nay. Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Pole, Mr. Sargent, Sir George Lee, Mr. Lewis, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Olmius, Major General Cornwallis, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Dtlaval, Colonel lloneywood, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Locke, Mr. Vt‘itch, Mr. Symons, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Thoroton, Sir John Armitage, Mr. Havelt; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

A Bill to enable the Trustees appointed for putting in Execution an Act, passed in thi*Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of the Act of the 15th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Cirencester Town's End, to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, as directs, that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Hamlets therein named shall pass Toll-free; and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Cirencester to the Town’s End there, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said two former Acts; to reduce all or any of the Tolls granted by the said Act* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dawnay, Sir John Philipps, M r. Thoroton, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Hezvelt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ridley, Mr. More, Mr. Hume, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Earle, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prcnvfe, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Town-Jhend, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lyjler, Lord Vemey, Mr. Shelley, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Cooke, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tor^r, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Pye, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Fellowes, Sir George Lee, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Medlycott, Sir George Montgomerie Metharn, Mr. Bayntun, Major General Cornwallis, Mr. Foley; and all the Members who serve for the Vol. *8.

*37

Counties of Gtoucester, Berks, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for confirming a Contract of Lease of Mines, between ^Mluesf Charles Duke of 9ueehfbury and Dover, of the one Part, and Ronald Cratvfurd, James Craicfurd, and Daniel Telfer, of the other Part; and for enabling the said Duke and his Heirs of Entail, to grant Leases inTerms of the said Contract; was read the Third time*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass*

Ordered, That Mr. Veitch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fc*Abbadie*t for naturalizing John Baplifi D'Abbadic, was read a Nat. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lee, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Hexvett, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Earle, Lord Verney, Mr. Reynolds,

Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Medlycott, Mr. Lewis, Mr, Fane, Mr. Thynnc, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Dawnay, Mr. Amy and Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Brudenell, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Bayntun, Major General Cornwallis, Mr. Fonereau, Mr*

Powell, Mr. Watson, Sir George Lee, Mr. Peachey, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Prowse,

Mr. More, Mr. Hume, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Foley, Mr«

Crajler, Mr. Gore, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Thoroton, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir John Cujl,

Mr. Olmius, Mr. Sandys, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Evelyn: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Auditor Watson reported from the Committee, to Bndgeford whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Lane, holders, and others; and also of the Trustees appointed &c. by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 27th Year of his ®k0a<*# present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Briageford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, and Rutland, and through Rockingham to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton,vthok Names^are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several of the Trustees named in an Act of Parliament, passed in the 27th Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridgtford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, through several Places therein mentioned, to the BowlingGreenaXKettering, in the Coun tyof Northampton, and of the several other Persons, whose Narties are there* unto subscribed; were severally referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions *, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Smith, and Mr. Henry Shortney, being severally examined, said, That the Trustees have already borrowed £.3,300 on the Credit of the Tolls, granted by the said Act; which, together with the Tolls, has been applied in repairing the said Road; but that it will be impossible to repair and support the said Road, unless the Term and Powers, granted by the said Act, are enlarged.

Mr. Smith being examined, said, That several of the Trustees appointed by the said Act, and other Gentlemen, are desirous that the Road should be carried through the Town of Plumtree, through Stanton Lane, leading into Widmoor Pool Field, to the Town of Upper Broughton, instead of going through Normanton; that this will be as near as the old Road, within a few Furlongs, and more easily repaired, the Materials lying nearer thereto, and the Soil being better.

3 P Ordered,

238 9 0 Maii. A. 1758

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the 27thVearof the Reign ofhisprelent Majesty, for repairing andwiden-ing the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Rutland, and through Ropkiiigham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton: And that Mr. Auditor Watson, Mr. Thoroton, and Sir Matthew LamJbe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Edithwefton Mr. George Britdcnellreported from the Committee, to Indolore. w|]om the Bill for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing the open common Fields, in the Pariili of Edithwejion, in the County of Rutland, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: except Anne Cooke, WybrahCookeJThomas Cooke, and William Lawrence, who are intitled to about One Fifth Part of the whole Property; that they had all been applied to, and said, they had noObjedion to the Bill, but would not sign the Articles of Agreement; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto f which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for saving the Rights of the Hospital of Saint Anne, in Oakham, in the County of Rutland;

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Yarmouth An bigrofled Bill for the more easy and speedy Re-Small Debts, covery of small Debts within the Borough of Great Yarmouth, and the Liberties thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough of Great Yai'mouth, and the Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Westbury, Mr. ChaunceyTownfend reported from the Committee, &c- to whom the Bill for altering, widening, amending, and Roads. Shortening, the Road leading from Pengate, in the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, to Latcheds Bridge, near the EastEnd of the Town of Market Lavington, in the Parish of West Lavington, in the said County; and also the Road leading from Market Lavington Dozen, down Market. Lavington Hill, to and through Market Lavington aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road near Deivey$ Water, in the Road leading from West Lavington aforesaid, to the Town of Devizes, in the said County of Wills; and also the Road 1 eadi ng from ugh,down

Westbury Hill, through the Town of Westbury, across Allmarsh Field, by Yarnbrooke, to Studley Lane End, adjoining to the Turnpike Road leading from Trowbridge to Becking ton, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road leading from Yarnbrooke aforesaid,up WeJl-Ashton Hill, through Semmington, to the Turnpike Road at Melksham, in the said County of Wilts, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy,

Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the Parishes of Semmington, Steeple Ashton, Hinton, Keevil, and Places adjacent, in the County of Wilts, living near to the Road leading horn Westbury through Semmington, to

Melksham, in the County aforesaid; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Clothiers, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, and Places adjacent, living near to the Road leading from Westbury through Semmington, to Melksham, in the County aforesaid; and also the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed, am on git others, for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to a Place called White Trough, in the Pariili of Trowbridge, in the same County; and from thence by Road Church to Beckington, in the County of Somerset; were severally referred; That the Committee bad considered the said Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable:

Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause B, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause B being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed, with, respect to the said Clause.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectually Man- Better ning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Defer- Manning tion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encou- the Is‘aty* ragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships and Vessels in the Merchants Service; be read the Third, time upon Tomorrow Fortnight.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Wavt Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and,

are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Duty of Six Pence per Ounce Troy, on all Silver Plate, made or wrought, or which ought to be touched, allayed, or marked, in this Kingdom, granted by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of his late Majesty’s

Reign, shall, from and after the First Day of June 1758, cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it if the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in Lieu thereof, the Sum of Forty Shillings yearly shall, from and after the First Day of June 1758, be paid to his Majesty, for a License to be taken out by every Person grading in, felling, or vending, Gold or Silver Plate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sums to be paid for the said Licenses shall be applied to the same Uses and Purposes, as the present Duty on Silver Plate made or wrought in this Kingdom, is no\v liable, and appropriated unto, and in the same Manner.

The said Resolutions, being severally. read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, the Lord Du?i-cannon, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr.. West, cjo prepare, and bring in, the fan>e,

A Bill

c.

31 Geo. II.

p" — io°

*19

Militia

Estimate.

CalcJer

Navigation.

A Bill for applying the Money granted by Parlia* meat, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing Ibr the Militia for the Year 1758; and for defraying the Expences incurred tm Account of the Militia ill the Year 1757; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ltcfvlvcd. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tkurfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. TIeweft reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending the present Navigation on the River Caider, up to Brook/month, in the Parish of Halifax; and for making navigable the River Hebble, Halig, or Halifax Brook, from thence up to Salter Heb-hie Bridge, near the Town of Halifax; and also for farther extending the Navigation of the said River Calder from Brookfmouth aforesaid, to Sozverby Bridge, in the said Parish; was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, Owners, and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Mills, Coal Mines, and other Mines, Woods, Forges, Furnaces, and other Works, and of the Inhabitants in and about the Town and Parish of liudders-field, in the West Riding of the County of York* whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentry, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, Owners, and Occupiers, of Houses, Lands, Mills, Dye-houses, and other Works, upon or near the River Calder9 and o! hers, Inhabitants of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Land-owners, Farmers, and principal Inhabitants, of the Towns of Brigg and Cafter, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentry, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, Owners, and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Mills, Woods, Coal Mines, and other Works, in and about the Town and Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Land-owners, Farmers, Makers, Dressers, and Manufacturers, of broad and narrow Woollen Cloth, and other Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Towns, Villages, and Hamlets, of Mirfield, Heckmondwicke, High Town, Robert Town, Little Town, Harffiiead, and Clifton, upon or near the River Calder9 in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Landowners, Farmers, Makers, Dressers, and Manufacturers, of broad and narrow Woollen Cloth, and other Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Towns, Villages, and Hamlets, of Sandall, Thornes, Criggleton, OJett, Heaton, Dezvfbury, Batley9 and Birjiall, upon and near the River Calder, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Landowners, Farmers, Makers, Dressers, and Manufacturers, of broad and narrow woollen Cloth, and other Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Towns, Villages, and Hamlets, of Kirk he at on, Almondbury, Whitley, Hopfon, Em ley, Flak ton, and Harbury, upon and near the River Calder, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York; were referred; That no Person appeared before the Committee, in Support of any of the said Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

VOL.28.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning*

Major General Cornwallis reported from the Com- Weflmmftet tnittee, to whom the Bill for establishing a free Market ComNhuket for the Sale of Corn and Grain within the City or Li* berty of Westminster; and for regulating the Sale of Hay and Straw within the said City and Liberty; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fqme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grossed.

The other Orders of the 'Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Securing the resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon ^ards*

the Bill for veftingcertainMeflhages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth, and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for the Use of his Majesty; and for making a just and reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments*

Bounty

on Corn exported.

D’AbbadieV

Mat*

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Payment of the Bounty upon the Exportation of Corn, unless sold at a lower Price than is allowed in an ACi of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii\ 10° ctie Maii;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758. Praters.

MR. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, A11 ACb for naturalizing John Baptifi D'Abbadie, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The House being informed. That Mr. Wray, One of Account of the Deputy Auditors of the Court of Exchequer,- at- Tax tended at the Door; Infupers.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account ofall Infupers returned into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or charged by the several Receivers General of Aids by Land Tax, within the Division of Thomas Wynn Esquire, One of the Auditors of the said Court, from the 24th of June 1746 to Lady-day 1757.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read,

Ordered

240 iod

Ordered, That the said Account do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of The Hotife being informed, That Mr. Lotvndes, One Land Tax oPthe Auditors of the Court of Exchequer, attended at Iafupers. the Door;

He was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Infttpers returned into his Majesty *s Court of Exchequer, by the several Receivers General of Aids by Land Tax, within the Division of William Lowndes Esquire, One of the Auditors of the said Court, from Lady-day 1746 to Lady-day 1757.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ditto. The House being informed. That Mr. Defborow, One of the Deputy Auditors of the Court of Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Certificate that no Insuper has been returned into his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, or charged by any Receiver General of the Aids by Land Tax, in the several Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, Derby, and, Chester, being the Division of Henry Shelley and Michael Warden, Esquires, One of the Auditors of the said Court, from the 24th of June 1746 to Lady-day 1757.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Certificate was read.

Plunkett's A Petition of James Plunkett Esquire, was presented and to the House, and read; taking Notice, That on the 11 th Knox's Day of February last, a Petition was presented to the

Dftates. House, in the Names of Arthur Plunkett Esquire, the

Petitioner’s Father, the Petitioner, and of John Knox Esquire, Son and Heir of Arthur Knox Esquire, deceased, for Leave to bring in a Bill for giving further Time for the Sale and Disposition of the Remainder, in Fee-fim-ple, of and in divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to the Petitioner, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and which, by an Act, made in the 16th Year of his present Majesty, was veiled in Trustees, in Trull, to be sold to a Protellant Purchaser or Purchasers, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and alleging, that the said Arthur Plunkett did, in the Year 175a, make over to the Petitioner James Plunkett,h\s eldeftSon, all his Estate and Interest in the said Lands and Premises, and neither now has, nor since that Time hath had, any Ellate or Interest therein, or in any Part thereof; so that it was by Mistake that the said Arthur Plunkett was named as a Party to the said Petition; and accordingly the said Petition was not signed by him; and that, in consequence of the said Mistake in framing the said Petition, the Bill now depending, for giving further Time to Trustees therein named to execute certain Trulls veiled in them by an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland, in Trustees, in order to sell the same to Protellant Purchasers, which was ordered to be brought in, pursuant to the said Petition, is so drawn as to make the said Arthur Plunkett a Party thereto: And therefore praying, That that Part of the Bill by which the said Arthur Plunkett is made a Party thereto may be left out; and that, upon the Application already made by the Petitioner and the said John Knox, the only Persons now interested in carrying the said Articles into Execution, who did both sign the said Petition, and upon their giving their Consent to the Bill, in such Manner as the House Dial] judge proper, the said Bill m:»y pals into a Law.

24

Mail. A. 175 8.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pow»ev’i to veil Part of the settled Ellate of Penuston Pozcncy E ,a:c< Esquire,deceased, in Tmftees, to he fold; and to layout the Money arising from the Sale thereof in real Estates, to be settled to the same Ules; was read a Second time.

Rtjblved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vanjit-tarty Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hanger, Nir. Lockyer, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Nor -they, Mr. Pill, Mr. Prawje, Mr. Delava I, Mr. Hill,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Bagot, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Penton, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Chelwynd, Mr. Whitworth. Mr. Cholmley, Lord Caryffort, Mr. Felloives, Mr. Lee, Mr. Amcotts, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Affleck, Sir William Beauchamp Prottor, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mcdlycott, Sir John Cujt, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Boone, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Martin, Mr.

More, Major General Cornwallis, Mr, Campbell, Mr.

Moore, Mr. Morgan, Sir John llujhout, Mr. Whichcot,

Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Verney, Mr. Rozvney,

Colonel Douglas, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Burrell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks,

Oxford, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Upton for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields in the Hamlet, Township, or v illage, of Upton, in the Parish of Blewbury, in the County of Berks, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hanger,

Mr. Curzon, Mr. Affieck, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Northey,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Hill, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Bagot, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. West,

Sir George Montgomerie Metham, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Cholmley, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Pitt,

Sir William Meredith, Mr. Felloives, Sir William Beauchamp Prottor, Mr. Lee, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Olmius, Mr. Gore, Sir John Cvft, Mr. James Grenville,

Mr. Baces, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hayrvard, Mr. Whichcot,

Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Probyn, Sir Edioard Walpole, Mr.

Charlton, Lord Digby, Mr. Dodd, Sir John Turner, Mr.

Powell, Major General Cormvallis, Mr. Pye, Mr. Walter, Mr. Tuckfield, Lord North, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Symons; and all the Members who Ibrve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, Oxford, Northampton and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Supply Dill; Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Duty Duties on upon all Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites, of Offices and Salaries, *c. Employments in Great Britain, and on all Pensions and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenues belonging to his Majesty in Great Britain, exceeding a certain Value; and for granting new Duties upon Houses; and also a new Duty upon Houses having a certain Number of Windows or Lights: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Importation That the Bill for the free Importation of salted Beef,

Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a Time to be li-frora re aQ4, mited, be now read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rtjblved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this. House will, upon this Day Fortnight,

31 Geo. II. 24

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the said Bilh

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde arid Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

Shrewsbury The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Koads. for widening and repairing several Hoads leading from the Welsh Gate and Cotton Hill, in the Town of ShrewJ-buiy, in the County of Salop, without any Amendment: And also,

Woodford The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosmgthe common Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and wade Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Woodford, otherwise Halfe Woodford, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also,

Hareby The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act nc 0 ure. for dividing and inclosing the common, open, and arable Fields, and common Meadows, in the Manor and Parish of Hareby, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also,

Helmdon The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosmgthe open and common Fields, common Meadows, common Ground, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Helmdon, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also,

Earl and The Lords have pafl^d a Bill, intituled, An Act for Counted separating Laurence Earl Ferrers from Mary Countess of Ferrers Ferrers his Wife, for the Cruelty of the said Earl; and Separation. for settling a Maintenance for the said Countess out of the Estate of the said Earl: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto. And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read the Bird time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 23d Day of this instant May.

Parish Mr. Samuel Martin presented to the House,according Registers,&c. to Order, a Bill for obliging all Parishes in this Kingdom to keep proper Registers of Births, Deaths, and Marriages; and for railing therefrom a Fund towards the Support of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Infuraoccson The House was moved, That an Act, made in the ^tradin ^to^$ 2 5 Year the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

India.10 An Afttoreftrain the making I nlurances on foreign Ships, bound to or from the East Indies, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Neminecontradicenle, That Leavebe given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 25th Year of his present Majesty, to restrain the making Insurances on foreign Ships, bound to or from the East Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Amyand, and Mr. Alderman Beckford, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Wtftfeury, Mr. ChaunceyTownfcnd reported from the Committee,

ice, to whom the Bill for altering, widening, amending, and Roadi. shortening, the Roads leading from Pengate, in the Parish

of Wefibury, in the County of Wilts, to LalcheCs Bridge, near the East End of the Town of Market Lavington, in the Parish of West Lavington, in the said County; and also the Road leading from Market Lavington Dozen, down Market Lavington Hill, to and through Market Lavington aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road near Deweys Water, in the Road leading from West Lavington aforesaid, to the Town of Devizes, in the said County of Wilts; and also the Road leading from Bolefborough, down Westbury Hill, through the Town of Westbury, across Allmarjli Field, by Yarnbrooke, to Studley Lane End, Vol. 28.

adjoining to the Turnpike Road leading from Trow* bridge to Bcckington, in the County of Somerset\ and also the Road leading from Yarnbrooke aforesaid, up West AJiiton Hill, through Semmington, to the Turnpike Road at Melkfkam, in the said County of Wilts; was re-committed; That the Committee had made several Amendments to the Clause, with respect to which the said Bill had been re-cornmitted; which Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the said Clause was, with the Amendments made thereto by the Committee, read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to whom the said Bill had been committed, Were severally read aSecond time; and, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House tb resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Com* niittee. That they do consider of the Drawbacks payable upon the Exportation of Silver Plate.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 2id Day of this instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for inclosing, by the mutual Consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose df planting and preserving Trees lit for Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

And it appearing, upon a Division in the Committee* that 40 Members were not present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and 40 Members not being present;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JoviSj 11° die Maii;

Anno 31® Georgii IIdl Regis, 1758. Prayers.

THE House was moved, That the Petition of fames Mallors of the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, Builder, which was presented to the House upon the 1 ith Day of February Ism, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might bg again read:

g Q And

Ways and Means.

Tnclosing

Commons

and

preserving

Trees.

Dean and Chapter of Westminster Leafing.


242 11 ° Mail. 175

And fct^e same being read accordingly

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Major General Cormvallis, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Gore, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Brudcnell, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Symmuns, Mr. Medlycoll, Mr. Butler, Mr. Kynajhm, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gq/hry, Mr. Hewett, Mr. tViIkes, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Lee, Sir William Meredith; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Snjjbx, Surrey, and Kent; and for the City oi'London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Expiring A Bill for making perpetual several Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the northern Borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed inDifguife, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and also Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop Binds; for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph, of Coal, or Canal Coal, and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forelts or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers or other Officers in Forests, Chaces, or Parks; and also To much of an Act as relates to the Power of appealing to the Circuit Courts in Civil Cafes in Scotland; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Sandys, SirCharles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Alderman Dick info n, Mr. More, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Foley, Mr. Daivnay, Mr. Probyn, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Symons, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Powell, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. George Onjlotv, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Affieck, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bai/ntun, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Wilk inf on, Mr. Chetivynd; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Supply Bill; A Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, SailCl<nh,«ic. relating to British Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of Rr/V^-made Gunpowder; and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and for permitting Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to be landed before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved^That this House will,upon Wednesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.*

Dr.Fothcrgill Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Foihergill, Prin-

to preach cipal of Edmond Hall, in the University of Oxford, be 20th of May. ^efired to preach before this House at St. Margaret's, 9 ' Westminster, upon Monday the 29th Day of this Instant

Mai): And that Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Hunt, and Mr. Clayton, do acquaint him therewith.

Drawback Mr. Hammond reported from the Committee,to whom °Q the Petition of Thomas Watson, of Morris's Causeway, in Callbu<^t&C* the County of Surrey, Callicoc Printer, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fa6t contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the

Report in his Place; atii afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. George Tuppenni), Book-keeper to Mr. Watson, informed your Committee, That a sudden Fire broke out . at Mr. Watson s Workshop, in the Evening of the 8th Day of September 1755, which destroyed a considerable Quantity of East India Callicoes and German Linens, amounting to between 7 andj£.8,000 Value, which were in the Workshop, and were intended for Exportation.

Then,

Mr. William Steed, Merchant, produced an Account of Callicoes and German Linens destroyed by the Fire in Mr. Watson's Workshop, which he informed your Committee he had taken from his own and the other Proprietors Books, and had also chequed it with the Books at the Custom-house; and found, that the several Pieces in the said Account were not wrote off there for Exportation, and the Word " Burnt" was wrote against the several Lots, to prevent their being wrote off.

And by Mr. Watson's Book of Account of Goods received, in order to be printed, and of the Time when re-delivered, it appears, that the several Lots specified in the above Account delivered in by Mr. Steed, had been received byMr. Watson% and not delivered back; but that he had paid the several Proprietors the Value of their respective Goods, with the Custom Duties paid upon their Importation, in Money.

And by the Account delivered in to your Committee, by Mr. Steed, it appeared, that the whole Value of the Callicoes burnt was £.2,249, 15s. 11 d.\ and that the Drawback upon Exportation would have been £.736.

4.?.; and th&t the Drawback upon the Exportation of the broad and narrow Germany Linens con fumed in the said Fire would have been £.46. 16y. 7d.

And your Committee were informed. That Mr. Watson had applied both to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, and to the Lords of the Treasury, and their Lordships were satisfied of the Reasonableness of Mr. Watson's Application, to be allowed the Drawback upon such of t he said Goods as he could prove to have been destroyed; but that their Lordships apprehended themselves not sufficiently impowered to give him that Relief, without the Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Drawbacks now payable on the Exportation of Silver Plate, shall, from and after the Firii Day of June 17^8, ceafeand determine.

The laid Resolution, being read p, Second lime, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution this Day reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and which hath been agreed to by the House.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Commitee, Preventing to whom the Bill to ascertain the Weight everyTrufs of Straw, brought or offered for Sale, within the City of ig^ng London, or any Places comprised within the Weekly Bills

of

L.

31 Geo. II.

of Mortality, and other Places mentioned in the said Bill, shall contain; and to punish Deceits in the Sale of Hay and Straw within the Limits aforesaid; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed likn to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aftervvardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, That same farther* Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said B;ll be re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Plupkctt’k The House :vas moved* That the Petition of James and^ Plunkett Esquire, which was Yesterday presented to the House, in relation to the Bill for giving further Time to Trustees therein named, to execute certain Trusts veiled in them, in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland in Trustees, in order to sell the same to Protestant Purchasers, might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

A Witness was called in; and, at the Bar, produced the original Deeds of the Conveyance mentioned in I the said Petition.

1 And the Witness having proved the Execution of the said Deeds;

He was directed to withdraw.

And the said Deeds were read.

And another Witness was called in, and examined with relation to the Lands comprised in the said Deeds.

And then he withdrew.

Dtaa A Bill for giving further Time to Trustees therein named, to execute certain Trusts veiled in them, in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland, in Trustees, in order to sell the same to Protestant Purchasers, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do leave out of the said Bill the Name of Arthur Plunkett Esquire, as a Party thereto.

Ordered, That the said Petition of James Plunkett Esquire be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Original Deeds of Conveyance be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Stanley, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Account of An Account of the Quantity of Tallow contracted Tallow, for, to be used in his Majesty’s Ships and Yards, for Three Years, ending at Christmas last; distinguishing each Year, together with the several Prices thereof.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

IHithwefW An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing cer-hclosure. tain Articles of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing the open common Fields, in the Parish of Edithivefon, in the County of Rutland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Y be. An Act for confirming and establishing certain Arti-

' cles of Agreement, for inclosing the open common Fields,

y in the Parish of Edithwejhm, in the County of Rutland.

V. Voi*. 38.

Ordered, That Mr. George Brudeneli do d&rry the Rill to the Lords, and deft re their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for altering, widening, amending, Westbur# and Ihortening, the Road leading from Pengafq5 in the Parish of Weflbury, in the County of Wilts, to I.a(diet's Road*'

Bridge, near the East End of the Town of Market La* vingten, in the Parish of West Laving ton, in the said County 5 and also the Road leading from Market La- . vingfon Dozen, down Market Lavington Hill, to anti through Market Lavington aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road near Deweys Water, in the Road leading from Weji Lavington aforesaid to the Town of Devizes, in the said County of Wilts; and also the Road leading from Bolcjborough, down Wejibury Hill, through the Town of Wejibury, aerofs Allmarsh Field, by Yarnbrooke, to Studley Lane End, adjoining to the Turnpike Road leading from Trowbridge to Beckington, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road leading from Yarnbrooke aforesaid, up West Ashton Hill, through Semmington, to the Turnpike Road at Melkfhani, in the said County of Wilts-, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 31. L. 11, Hi To leave out " any Seven or more " of them/*

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending the Road leading from Pengate, in the Parish of Wejibury, in the County of Wilts, to Latchet's Bridge, near the East End of Market Lavington; and also the Road leading from Market Lavington Down, to the Turnpike Road near Deweys Water; and also the Road leading from Bolejborough to Studley Lane End-, and also the Road leading from Yarnbrooke, to the Turnpike Road at Mclksham, in the said County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Chauncey Townsend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjournment. House, this Day, adjourn till Monday Sevennight, the 22d Day of this instant May.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Preventing mittee, to whom the Bill to ascertain the Weight every Truss of Straw, brought or offered for Sale within the ^s/rawf City of London, or any Places comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places mentioned in the said Bill, shall contain; and to punish Deceits in the Sale of Hay and Straw within the Limits aforesaid; is re committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Supply, night, the 22d Day of this instant May, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Scouring the night, the 22d Day of this instant May, resolve itself Dockyards, into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better feenring his Majesty $ Docks,

Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth, and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for the Use of his Majesty; and for making a just and reasonable Satisfactiou to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- supply BUI; night, the aid Day of this instant May, resolve itself raising into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for /-s*00^000-granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Way of Annuities and a Lottery.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Duty upon supply Bill % all Salaries, Fees, and Perquifites, of Offices and Employ- Dutiei on

ipeuts Salaries,

244

in'ents in Great Britain, and on all Petitions and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenues belonging to his Majesty in Great Britain, exceeding a certain Value; and for granting new Duties upon Houses and also a new Duty upon I lotifes having a certain Number of Windows or Lights; was read a Second time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Dill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Way of Annuities and a Lottery, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do alter and make both the said Bills into One.

Papers Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer prefen ted to the rtfpefiing House, by his Majesty’s Command,

American Petition of William Bollau Esquire, Agent for his mes. Majesty\s Province of Maffachvfells Bay in New England, to his Majesty in Council 5 and also,

Paymaster General and Secretary at War’s Report on Mr. Bollan's Petition, for Repayment of Monies expended for Provisions, &c. furniftied by the Province of Majfach: felts Bay to their Troops in his Majesty’s Service, for the Campaign 1756; and also,

A Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent for the Colony of Connecticut in New England, to the King in Council; and also,

Paymaster General and Secretary at War's Report on the Petition of Mr. Richard Partridge, as Agent to the Colony of Connecticut.

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also said, That his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House. That his Majesty recommends the said Papers to the Consideration of the House.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst; the other Papers of this Session.

improvements The House was moved. That the Resolution which, Charin upon Saturday the 2 2d Day of April last, was reported Cioh. from Committee of the whole House, to whom it was

referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners of the Freehold , and Inheritance of several Buildings, Houses, Grounds, and Estates, situate on the West Side of the Street leading from Charing Cross towards his Majesty's Palace of Whitehall; and also the Petition of the several Inhabitants of Charing Cross, and Parts adjacent, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed; had been severally referred; and to whom the Report of the Matters of the said Petitions, was re-committed; and which Resolution was then agreed to by the House; might be read:

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Refohedy That when the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the <s City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the " County of Surrey, shall have caused to be opened M and widened all such Ways, Streets, Avenues, and " Passages, leading from Chari?ig Cross to the Two " Houses of Parliament, Westminster Hall, and the " Courts of Justice there, and Westminster Bridge, in u pursuance of an Act, passed in the 29th Year of the " Reign of his present. Majesty, if any Money granted " by Parliament for that Purpose, and the incidental " Expences thereof, shall then remain in their Hands,

" that they do apply such Monies, or so much thereof " as shall be sufficient for that Purpose, in opening, <c widening, and rendering safe and commodious for " Carriages, and Passengers on Foot, the Passage, now " called The New Pafage, leading from Charing Cross " aforesaid into St. James's Park} and in defraying " the incidental Expences attending the fame, in such u Manner as they shall order,direct, and appoint."

u

1758.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer* by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of the said Resolution, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and for permitting Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations to be landed before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; is committed; That they have Power to receive a .;

Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, cirenc«for to whom the Bill to enable the Trustees appointed for Roads, putting in Execution an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of the Act of the 15th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Cirencester Town's End to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester,

asdirefts that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Hamlets therein named shall pass Toll-free; and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Cirencester to the Town's End there; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts; to reduce ail or any of the Tolls granted by the said Act; is committed;

That they have Power to receive a Clause, to add Trustees to those already appointed, to put the said Acts in Execution.

Ordered, That the Bill for obliging all Parishes in par;fl, this Kingdom to keep proper Registers of Births, Registers,frc. Deaths, and Marriages; and for raising therefrom a Fund, towards the Support of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children; be printed.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal Earl and -of the House, of the 3d Day of May 1701, relating to 0 Fue^ §

theCountess of Anglesey’s having the Protection of this separation. 4 House during the Time the Bill relating to her was depending in this House, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Countess Ferrers, during the Time the Bill relating to her Ladyship is depending in this House, have the Protection of this House for the Prosecuting of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately^resolve inclosing itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Commoai Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in *nd. the 29th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for inclosing, by the mutual Consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Pur- J

pose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or I

Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the 1

unlawful Destruction of Trees.

The House accordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Sevennight, the 2zd Day of this inilant May.

The House resumed the further Consideration of the C4der Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for ex- Navigation* tending the present Navigation on the River Colder np to

Brookfrnculh

11

Mail

Geo. II. ti° — 20" Mail.

245

Brookfnlolith, in the Parish of Halifax*, and for making navigable the Rivet* Hebble, Halig, or Halifax Brook, from thence up to Sfilter Iiebblc Bridge, hear the Town of Halifax; and alfd for further extending the Navigation of the said River Calder from Brookfmouth aforesaid to Souerby Bridge, in the said Parish; wis cdlhmiUed*

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the fold Bill, were severalty read a Second time; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were distfgreed to, and the rest were* with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrafted*

Milford Ordered, That the Lord HttM) Powlett be added to Haven. Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the RefolUtion, relating to the Harbour of Milford, which, upon this Day Sevennight, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House*

Stockbriclge* Mr. 7Stifle thpayte reported from the Committee, to &c whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads Road. from Yhe Town of Si odd) ridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Bdlmout Lane, to the Top of Stephen's Cafle Dozen, near the Town of Bifhons Wallhdm, in the said County 5/and from the said City of Windtejier> through Otterborne, to Bar Gate* in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton\ was committed That the Coihinittee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Recruiting The Order of the Day bCitig read* for receiving the the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to

Land Forces. ^|loni the Bill for the speedy and efleftliai recruiting of his Majesty’sLand Forces and Marines, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Upon this Day Fortnight.

Militia The other Order of the Daj' being read, for the Mottfe inmate, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for applying the Money granted by Parliament towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing for the Militia for the Year 1758; and for defraying the Expellees incurred on Account of the Militia in the Year 17^7;

Ordered, That the Report Which was itlade from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate 6f what may be the Charge of the Militia upon the Plan of the Act-, passed in the last Session of Parliament* intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, be referred to the said Com-{nil tee.

Then the House resolved itlelfinto the said Committee*

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker reftlmed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, When the House will pleafeto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuefdai) Sevennight* the 23d Day of this instaut May,

Vol. 28*

The Order made this Day, for taking into Considera- Stockbridge* lion the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill Ac*

for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of 041

Sloekbridge, in the County Of Southampton, to the City of Wihchester, and from the said City, through Bellmour*

Lane, tb the Top of Stephen's Cajtle Dozen, near the Town of Bishops WultJidmy ill the said County; and from the said City of Windiefer, through Otter borne, to Bar Gate, iti the Town and County Of the Town of Southampton; was cbrhmitted; after the House flioiild have proceeded upon the otheb Orders of the Day, being read

The House proceeded to take the said Report into COnifld elation.

And the said Report was read*

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were* upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; With the AirienchhehtS* bo ingroifed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Sevens night, the 22d Day of this instant May, Nine of the Clock in the Morning*

Lithee, 2 2° die Mali \

Anno 310 Georgii lldi Regis* 1758.

PraYers*

AB1LL to amend an Act, made in the 29th Year WHUtiinfeF of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An fcfo Marked Act for explaining* amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a free Market fdr the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish 5 and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir William Calvert* Mr* Foncrcait, Sir John Hinde Cotton* Mr* Moore* Mr. Harvei/, Mr. Fane,

Sir William Moreton, Mr. Montagu, Sir Willoughby Act on,

Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Gybbon, Mr* Prozv/e,

Mr. Bold, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Bozves, Mr. Symons, Mr.

Staunton, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Hozoard, §\v Samuel Fludyer, Mr. Vyuer, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Lafcello*, Sir Lionel Pilkinton, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Lewis, Mr* Samuel Martin, Lord Regiftfer of Scotland, Mr. Wilkinson, Mn NezOnham, Mr. Probyn, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Lockyer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Ffjex, Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, and Sussex, the City of London, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber i And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices*

Major General Comzoaltis reported from the Coni- x tiiittee, to whom the Petition Of James Mallors, of the Chapter©t Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, wvftmteflef Builder, was referred* That the Committee had sex- LcSfinfr amined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame* as it appended to them, to the House and he read the RfepOrt in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table*

Where the same was read; and Is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition*

An Act, passed in the 26th Year of his, present Majesty’s Reign, was read* Whereby the said fairies MallorS was impbWered to opeti a Street Within the City tif Westminfi'er, in such Mariner as by the said Act is directed.

That the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, WestfninjteT, are seised in Fee of fcerta'iri Lands and Tenements within the Limits mentioned in 3 R t hr

We (bn wider Com Market.

Kirkaldy Two-pen ies Scots.

ConamUtegs.

Jersey,

&c. Importation of Corn from Southampton.

2 2

Mail.

A.


7

-.9

r1

the (Viid Act; and were thereby impowered to make Exchanges with, and grant Leases, for 09^ears, of Lands to, the said James Mallors, at anytime within the* Space of Two Years, from the 24th Day of June 1753; which said Term was further continued by a fubfquent Act till the 25th Day of December 1757.

Jrhn Horne Esquire, being examined, said, That Mr. Mallors has built the said Street, at a very great Expence, and that it is now opened; but that many other Estates were wanted to he purchased, which could not be purchased within the Times limited, so as to complete the nccedary Exchange with the said Dean and Chapter, and in consequence thereof to obtain from them such tease or LeaI'es asin the said Acts are memioned, within the rimes thereby limited, and which are now expired.

Dgiiiel GW/.Esq.uire, Register of the Collegiate Church 6t St. Peter, Westminster, informed your Committee, That all Matters relative to the granting fueii Leaies Were settled between the said Janies Mallors and the Dean, and Chapter of the said Church, who are desirous of being enabled to grant such Leases.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Rill to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, at Westmiiifler, and their Successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Grounds, M edit ages, Tenements, airtLHereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years, than they are at present enabled to grant: And that Major General Cornwallis and Sir John CrpQ'c do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing a free Market for the Sale of Corn and Grain, within the City and Liberty of Westminster; and for regulat ing the Sale of Hay and Straw within the said City or Liberty; was read the Third time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing a tree Market, for the Sale of Com and Grain, within the City or Liberty otWefl-imnfter.

Ordered, That Major General Coimivallis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingroded Bill to continue an Act, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kirkaldy, and Liberties thereof; and to render the said Act more effectual, by extending the same to the East MilnLands belonging to the Prime Guild Box, within the Borough of Kirkaldy; was read the Third time.

llefolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act, made in the 15th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for lay bur a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kirkaldy, and Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Ofivald do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Petition of William Seward, of the Town and County of Southampton, Agent and Factor for the Merchants and other Inhabitants’ of the Islands of JerJ’ey and Gitenifey, on behalf of the said Inhabitants, was pre-ferited to the House, and read; reciting, That by an A6^ made ii> the 30th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Export^Ltion of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Biscuit, and Starch, it is provided, that the said Act shall not extend to any Wheat, Malt, or Barley, to be transported out 6for from the Port oJSouthampton only unto the Islands of Jeifeyfxx^ Gucrnfcy, pr either of them, for the only

19 '

Use of the Inhabitants of those Islands, so as the Quantity to be shipped within the 'Times therein limited doth not exceed in the whole 5,000 Quarters -, and alleging, that by the Act of thisSession, for reviving the , before-mentioned Act, the exporting of Meal, Hour,

Bread, and Biscuit, is not allowed; and that the said Inhabitants have not been able to reap all the Benefits intended them, in regard there are very few Mills in the said islands, to grind the said Corn and Grain, and convert the same into Meal for their immediate Use, and which they are now in great Want of, on account of the Number of Soldiers, French Prisoners, and Privateers, constantly there: Aral therefore, on behalf of the Inhabitants of the said Islands, pro ving the House to take the Premifts into Consideration, and to grant to the said Inhabitants Power to import from Southampton a sufficient Quantity of Meal, Flour, Bread, and Biscuit, for the only Use of the Inhabitants of those Islands, in lieu of the like Quantity of Corn and Grain, the Whole not exceeding the 5,000 Quarters allowed by the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the TabIe«

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty Expiring of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancgper kaws.

adjoining thereto, and of the several Parishes of Saint Giles' in the Fields, Saint Mary Lc Bon, and such Part of the Parilli of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies within the County oJ Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, was piv-fented to the House, and read; taking Notice, '\ hat a Bill is depending in the House, for continuing, amomrft other Laws, an Act of Parliament passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coal*, within the City and Liberty of Westminster. and that Part of the Duchy of Lavcaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary Lx Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, IJel-born, as lies in the County of Middlesex; and alleging, that,ever hncethe said Act passed,the Petitioners have been subject to the Payment of Four Pence for the Admeasurement of every Chalder of Coals, bought by them as Wharf Measur, which amounts to a very considerable Sum of Money per Annum, and is a Charge laid upon the Petitioners in the Consumption of Coais, for which they receive very little, if any, additional vSe-curity in the Admeasurement thereof: And therefore praying the House to take the Premiles into Consideration, and that such Part of the said Bill as relates to the before-recited Act may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies, directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; for preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster; is committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to supply M \ resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon raffing the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of £- 5*coo.°* Money, to be raised by Way of Annuities and a Lottery; and also the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Duty upon Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites, of Offices and Employments in Great Britain, and on ail Penfiohs and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenues belonging

to

G00glC

31 Geo. II. 220 — 230 Mail 247

to his Majesty in Great Britain, exceeding a certain Value; and for granting new Ditties upon Houses; and also a new Duty upon Houses having a certain Number of Windows or Lights; be now read:

And the salt! Order being read accordingly;

The I Ion fe was moved, That the Firit of the Rcfollotions which, upon Titefday the 2d Day of this iuilant May, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read: -1 '

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Annuities payable pursuant to cc the Resolution of this House, of the 22c! Day of April <c Jail, be charged upon the several additional Rates and <c Duties upon Offices, and Pensions, and upon Houses, " and upon Windows or Lights, which were granted " by the Resolutions of this House of Saturday Jail." , Ordered, That it be an Inilruftion to the said Committee of the whole House, to Whom the said Bills are committed, and who, upon ThurjUay the 1 ith Day of this instant Mai/, were inftmfted to alter and make both the said Bills into One, That they do make Provilion therein, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill*

The other Orders of the Day being read.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon lie dm flay and Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

SuppIy> Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wdiole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Securing the Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Dock Yards, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,upon the Bill for veiling certain Messuages,.Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for thebetter securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at. Portsvunith, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Por If mouth and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Tru flees, for the Ufeofhis Majesty; and for making a jull and reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

I lofn Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

Commons whole House, to whom the Bill to amend and render and more effectual an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his preserving present Majesty’s Reign,intituled, An Act for ineloling, Trees. by the mutual Consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for more elFeftually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees; was committed; be received upon Wedmfday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 2 30 die Maii;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758. Prayers.

mitted; That the Committee h act examined the Allegations of the Bj|l, and* found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent tb the Bill, to the Satisfaction vof. the Committee; and that the Committee had directed liiiu tb report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

..... e. J > x

An illgrofled Bilf for repairing and wideningffi^Road’s Srockbridge, from the Towti rft'Siockbridge; irTtho County of South- *c-

am pi on, to tlieCity’of Winehejtcr, and from the said City, 0J 3‘

through Bellmaur Lane, to the Top of Stephdffs Gastle Dozen, near the Town of Bishops W'd U Ham, JuYlib hi id ’County; and from the said City* of Winchester* thtouofi Otierhome, to Bar Gate, iii the Town and Chdnty of the Town of Southampton; vras read the Third limp. t

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads front the Town of Side kb ridge, in the County Southampton, j ' fV 4 to the C\iy dfWlhch 'eftct', and from the lair! City; throngfh Bellmaur Lane, to the Too of Stephen PCaftie Dutch, near the Town of Bishops WdUhdin, in the saidCobrity; and from the said City4 of Wiitchester, through Otter-borne, to Bar Gate, in? the Town arid County of the Town of Southampton.; f ' . .' '

Ordered, That Mr. ThistletluOtiyfe do carry the Ml to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.- \

A Melfage from the Lords, by Mr., Montagu*arid Mr. ha tie: - t

Mr. Speaker, t

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act improving for applying a Sum of Money, granted in this Sefrioiv.of London Parliament, for re-building London Bridge; and for Bnd£'* rendering more effectual aii Act, passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,' intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage. over and through London Bridge; without any Amendment:

And also, A ' . ' ' 5 '

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Gwynne's Sale of the Dilates of MarintidukeGwyiineEtqmve, in the EiUtes. County of Pembroke, to d ifchargfe 1 ncumbrances affecting the fame; ant!for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of ihiaHouse.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That M r. Speaker do ilfuc his "Warrant to the Newport Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ electing of a Burgess to serve to this present Parliament for the Borough of Next-port, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Ralph Jenifon, Esquire, deccafcd.

Mr. Thistlelhivayle reported from the Committee, to Chawto* whom the Bill for repairingand widening the lioad^from P"nd

Chawlon Pond, in the Paridi oi Chart ton, in the County &oad,. of Southampton, through RumJ'dean Bottom, Westmeon,

Warnford, Exton, Bishops Waltham, and over Sherrill Heath, and through Wickham and Farcham, to the Town of'Gosport; and from a Place called Hedge Corner, near Rtnnfdean Bottom a fore said, to the Town of Petersfeld, and from Extern aforesaid, through Dr oxford, to the Eall End of Sherrill Ilea th aforesaid, in the said County; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntd; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confide rat ion after the Home shall have proceeded upOnthd Orders of the Day.

Powncy’s Tl /|Tl. Vanftlart reported from the Committee, to ' Mr. Vanjittart reported from the Committee, to whotn Upton

Mates. XV A whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Iudofurt#

tilled. An Act to veil Part of the settled Estate of Penij- div iding and inclosing certain open and common Fields,

/'ton Potency Esquire, deceased, in Trciitecs, to he fold; in the Hamlet, Township, or Village, of Upton, in the and to lay out the Money a riling from t In Sale thereof Paridi of Blewbury, in the County of Berks, was com-in real Dilates, to be settled to the kune ULs; was committed, That the Committee liad examined thd Allega-\ ol. ? $ t tions

Exportation of Male.

Dean and Chapter of Well min ster Leafing.

Foundling

Hospital.

Ditto.

24S £3 6 Mali.

tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and arid deserted young Children do lay before this Houft*, that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to ail Account of all the Mrinies received by them lince the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except its first Commencement, distinguislibd into annual Ac-Thomas Yates, Thomas Blifell, John IViftall, and Ed- counts; and likenife of their annual Dilhurfements; mind Stevens, who had been applied to, and refbfed to distinguisiiing what laid out for building, what in hir-sign the Bill, and who are ihtitled tt> One Half Yard chafes, or in the public Stocks, and what in other Land, Four Cow Commons; and T\Venty-three Sheep Charges relating to the Ilospital only;

Commons; and that the Parties, who have consented to

the Bill, are intitled to Fifty-five Yard Lands and One A Petition of La&rence Earl Ferrers was presented to Hats, One hundred and Eight Cow Commons, and One the House, and read; l'etting forth; That the Matters thousand Six hundred and Sixty-four Sheep Commons; alleged agttinft the Petitioner, in a Bill sent from the and that no Person appeared before the Committee to Lords to this House, are now, and for feme time have opposethe Bill; and that the Committee had directed befell, depending in the proper Ecclesiastical Cotlrt; and him to report the Bill to the House, without auv the Courts at Westminster Hall, and there remain unde-Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s termiried; and that the Petitioner hath waived his Table. ' Privilege of Parliament in the said Matters, not with*

(landing his Relations have applied to the Lords, The House was moved, That the Petition of the feve- whereby the Proceedings in the Court of Chancery rfd Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, have not only been delayed, bat in a great tneafute de-on behalf of themselves, and all others. Merchants in seated; and in I filmy Term last the Petitioner wasab-the County of Norfolk, City of Noncich, and Burgh of solved from the Excommunication in the Ecclesiastical 1 Great Yarmouth, concerned in making or exporting Court, lie having put in his Answers to the Libel ex-Malt, which was presented to the House upon the 1 ith hibited against him, and paid the reasonable Alimony Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the allowed by that Court; and alleging, that the Pefi-, Table, might be again read: tioner is not only oppressed by the large Maintenance

And the same being read accordingly; allowed, but is deprived the Advantage of taking Finos

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the by Leases; and rendered intirely without Relief, as every Consideration of a Committee: And that they do eXa- individual Eftdte, every particular Sum of Money, is mine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fast con- specified and rest rained; and expressing the Hope of tained in the said Petition: the Petitioner, that this House will take into Confide-

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Townshend, of Yar<- ration the Overplus that may remain for the Petitioner’s mouth, Mr. Totonjhend, Sir Edward Walpole, Mr. Charles Subiistence, after the Incumbrancers and Annuitants Townshend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mote, Major General Corn- are satisfied, which, With the precarious Payment of wallis, Mr. GaJJmj, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Vunfit- Tenants, imill be reduced to a very uncertain and trl-tartf Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. vial Income, without a Poftibility ofaniwering the large Montagu, Mr. Prowfc, Mr. Vernon, Mr. West, NIr. Demands of his Creditors, and liable to great Incon-Wilkes, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fel- veniences on that account f and fiibmitting to the lowcs, Mr '.Lifter, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Coventry, Mr. House, that such Bill is Without Precedent, and pre-Thistlethwayie, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Webb, mature, to take Cognisance of Causes whiift depending Mr. John Pitt, Sir John Crofi’e, Mr. Bankes, Sir John in the inferior Courts, contrary to the Laws and Cuf-Philipps, Mr. JSutler, Lord North, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. toms of Parliament, on which the Conliitution of this Grenville, Mr. Lewi$% Mr. Delaval, Mr. Bagof, Mr. Country depends: And therefore praying the House Cocks, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pye* Mr. Rigby, will appoint a Time that the Petitioner may be hoard, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Whichcot, by his Cotinfel, against the said Bill, and that he may Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Ihime, Mr. Thoro- have an Order to compel his Witnesses to attend, or ton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of what other Relief in the same rfs to the House shall Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge; And they are to meet seem meet.

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s The House was moved, That the fcve'ral Entries of Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, the Petition of James Earl of AnglrJ'ey, and of the Pro-and Records. ccedings of the House thereupon (contained in the

Journal of the House of the 3d and 9th Days of May Major General Cormcallis presented to the House, 1701), might be read; according to Order, a Bill to enable the Dean and And the same were read accordingly.

Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, at Ordered, That the said Petition, now presented to the

Westminster, and their Successors, to make and grant House, do lie upon the Table, until the ingrossed Bill unto James Maltars, a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces from the Lords, intituled, An Act for leparal ing Law-of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, rence Earl Ferrers from Mary Countess Parers, his comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Wife, for the Cruelty of the said Earl; and for settling Years than they are at present enabled to grant: And a Maintenance for the said Countess out of the Estate the same was received; and read the First time. of the said Earl; be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. The laid ingrossed Bill from the Lords was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Governors and Guardians of the Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed B^/olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

and deserted young Children do lay before this House, of the whole House.

an Account of all the Children taken in by them, from Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Severi-the 25th March 1741,10 the 31st December 1757; as night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole also an Account of what Numbers have died, specifying House, upon the said Bill.

the Time when such Children were taken in, and at Ordered, That llife Pet it ion of Lawrence Earl Ferrersf

what Time each Child died; likewise of the Number this Day presented to the House, be referred to the placed out as Apprentices, either Boys or Girls, and to Consideration of the said Committee,

what Business; how many have been returned to their Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-

Parents, or otherwise disposed of, and how many re- mittee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit-mained alive on the 31st December 1757. nesses, for the said Earl, and also that they do hear

Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Countess, Ordered, That the Governors and Guardians of the if the said Earl and Countess think fit to be heard by , Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

Ths

EnrI and Counted of Feriers Separation.

31 Geo. IL 136 — 24° Mali. 249

Militia T|ie Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Estimates. Report froin the Committee of the whole Ho life, to whom the Bill for applying the Money granted by Parliament towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia for the Year 1758; and for defraying the Expences incurred on account of the Militia in the Year 1757; was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tdduor-rovv Morning;

Supply Bill; The Order of the Ddy being r£acl, for the House to fifing resolve itself into aComtnittee of the whole House, upon *.5,oc ,000. t|Je for grrtntingto his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery; and also upon the Rill for granting to his Majesty a certain Duty upon all Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites* of Offices and Employments in Great Britain, and on ail Pensions, and other Gfatiiities, payable out of any Re-Venues belonging to his Majesty in Great Britain,exceed-inga certatn Value; and for granting new Duties upon Houses; and also a new Duly updii Houses having a Certain Number of Windows or Lights

Ordered, That it be an Inftriiftion to the! said Com-hiittee. That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to render more effectual an Act of Parliament, hiade and passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the Mifehiefs by forging Powers to transfer Inch Stocks, or to receive such Annuities or Dividends, as are therein mentioned, or by fraudulent perfouacing the true Owners thereof; and to rectify Mistakes of the late Managers for taking Subscriptions for increasing the capital Stock of the South Sea Company, and the Instruments founded thereupon; so far as the same relates to the Punishment inflicted on Persons guilty of the several Species of Forgery, and other Offences therein mentioned.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to render more effectual an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing, and further Punishment, of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury: and to make it Felony to steal Bonds, Notes, or other Securities for Payment of Money; so far as the same relates to the Pu-niHi ment inflicted on Persons guilty of the several Species of Forgery therein mentioned.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through both the said Bills, and had made several Amendments thereunto; and had, pursuant to the Instruction of the House, made them One Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill, and Amendments, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read; touting Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Alorn-

the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Dockyards. House, upon the Bill for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores,at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for the Use of his Majesty; and for making a just and reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

Tor,. 2S.

The Order made this £)ay, for taking into Consider&- Chawtoft tion the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill Pond 1 for repairing and widening the Roads from Chawton Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, in the County of Southampton, through Rumfdean Bottom, Wefimeon, Warn ford. Exton,

Bishop's Walttiarh, and over Sherrill Heath, and through Wickham and Fareham, to the Town of Gofpdrt; arid from a Place called Hedge Corner, near Rumfdean Bottom aforesaid, to the Town of Pet ersfield; and from Exton aforesaid, through Droxfurd, to the East End of Sherrill Heath aforesaid, in the said County; was committed; after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration at Three Quarters of an Hour after Five of the Clock this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Air. Wilkinson have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House according!y, That the Petition of William Seward, of the Town and County of j Southampton, Agent and Factor for the Merchants and P of 10 other Inhabitants of the Islands oijerfey and Guernsey, Corn from on behalf of the said Inhabitants, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all others, Aler-cliants in the County of Norfolk, City of Norwich, and Burgh of Great Yarmouth, concerned in making or exporting Malt, is referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in this Petition*

The Order made this Day, for taking into further Coii- Chawton sideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Pon* Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Chawton *oa<1* Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, in the County of Southampton, through Rumfdean Bottom, Wefimeon, Warnford,

Exton, Bishop's Waltham, and over Sherrill Heath, and through Wickham and Fareham, to the Town of Gosport; and from a Place called Hedge Comer near Rumfdean Bottom aforesaid, to the Town of Peters field-, and from Ex toil aforesaid, through Dr oxford, to the East End of Sherrill Heath aforesaid, in the said County; was committed; at Three Quarters of an Hour after Five of the Clock this Afternoon, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report intd further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And theii the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii,24.® die Maii;

Aiino 31° Georgii IF1 Regis, 1758;

Prayers.

AP ETITION of the Owners arid Masters of Ships Bet(ef within the Port of Whitby, in the County of York, Manning was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, the Navy. That a Bill is now depending in the House, for the more

3S effectually

Z5°

24° Mail A. r75^-

effectually Manning of his Majesty's Navy; and for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others,belonging to Vessels in the Merchants Service; and alleging, that there arc many Clauses in the said Bill, which the Petitioners apprehend tend to the Discouragement of the Breed of Seamen, and to the great Detriment of Trade and Navigation; and reprefen ting, that the Petitioners will be subject to many liardships, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law: And therefore praying the House, that they may he heard, by their Counsel, against the said Clauses in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table* until the said Bill be read the Third time.

scribed, on behalfbf themselves, and all others. Merchants in the County of Norfolk, City of Norwich, and Burgh of Great Yarmouth, concerned in making or exporting Malt, is referred: And that they do examine, and hate to the House, the Matter of Fa ft contained in this Petition.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act G'.wnnA for Sale of the Estates of Marmaduke Guymic Esquire, Euates. in the County of Pembroke, to discharge Incumbrances affecting the lame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was rend the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bounty on Corn exported to Ireland.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in and about the City of Chichester, in the County of Suffer, who are Exporters of Corn, Flour, Xc. on behalf of themselves, and others within the said County, who are in the like Circumstances, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Fourth Session of this present Parliament, all Sorts of Corn, Meal, Malt, and Flour, were prohibited to be exported from Great Britain before the 25th of December 1757; in which said Act was a Proviso, that the same should not extend to any of the said Commodities which should be exported from Great Britainto Ireland; and alleging, that the Petitioners, relying 011 the said Proviso, did, at different times during the Continuance of the said Act, buy, and export to Ireland, large Quantities of Wheat and Flour, under the Limitations, Restrictions, and Requisites, therein di-rested; for which the Collectors of the several Ports, from whence the same were exported, for want of Money in their Handsfrom the proper Branches to pay the Bounty, have granted them the necessary Debentures and Certificates, in order to obtain the Bounty from the Custom-houl'e in London, according to the usual Method in such Cases; and taking Notice, that, by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, the aforesaid Act was continued to the 24th of December 1758, with this further Direction, that no Bounty should be allowed on the Exportation of any of the said Commodities to any Place whatsoever; and further alleging, that the Petitioners, not being immediately advertised of the said last mentioned Act in its first Commencement, did continue their Trade to Ireland, where they were in great Want of Supplies, till the 25th of December 1757* and shipped off many large Cargoes of Wheat and Flour, between the First Day of this present Session of Parliament and the said 25th of December, in full Expectation that the Bounty would be allowed agreeable to, and under the Proviso in, the said former Act; and the Petitioners, having obtained Debentures for the greatest Part of their Cargoes that were so shipped during the said Month of December 1757, duly transmitted the same to London, for the Acceptance of the Commissioners of the Customs, in order for Payment thereof; but the said Commissioners have refused Accept- -ance thereof, signifying it to be their Opinion, as well as of the Solicitor of the Customs, that the Act of the present Session, for discontinuing the Bounty, did commence and take place from the First Day of the Session, to wit, the First of December 1757, and, m consequence thereof, the Collectors of the several Ports where the said Cargoes were shipped havelikewife refused to grant the Debentures remaining in their Hands for the Refulue of the said Commodities so exported before the 25th of December 1757, although all the Requisites of Law have been duly complied with; and that if the said Debentures are not paid, the Petitioners will become very heavy Sufferers: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Preraifes into Consideration, and make fuchProvision for the said Bounties being paid, for so much of the said Commodities as were exported to Ireland between the First Day of this present Session and the said 25th of December 1757, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition bereferred to the Con-fideiation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto sub-

A11 ingrossed Bill for repairingand widening the Roads Ciawton from Chazoton Pond, in the Parish of Ciunclon, in the County of Southampton, through Rumfden Bottom, West-vicoiu Waniford, Exton, Bishop's Waltham, and over Sherrill Heaths and through Wickham and Far chain, to the Town of G of port-, and from a Place called Hedge Corner, near Rumfdean Bottom aforesaid, to the Town of Pet erf-.fields and from Exton aforesaid, through Droxjcrd, to the East End of Sherrill Heath aforesaid, in the said County; was read the Third time*

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Chazvlon Pond, in the Parish of Chazoton, in the County of Southampton, through Rumfdean Bottom, Westmeon, Warnford, Exton, B(/hop's Waltham, and over Sherrill Heath, and through Wickham and Fareham, to the Town of Gosport; and from Exton aforesaid, through Dr oxford, to the East End of Sherrill Heath, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Thijlletlnvayte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act D’AbbaiUe’* for naturalizing John Baptist IX Abb a die, was read the Nat. Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Iyjler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House iiath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for extending the present Navigation Cakfcf of the River Calder up to Broolfmouth, in the Parish of Navigation, Halifax, and for making navigable the River Hebble, 11a-lig, or Halifax Brook, from thence up to Salter Ilebble Bridge, near the Town of Halifax; and also for further extending the Navigation of the said River Calder, from Brookfmoitlh aforesaid, to Sower by Bridge, in the said Parish; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

In the Lift of Commissioners, add, " John Arlhington, Robert Arthington, Edward Barker, Edward Bjrher junior, Barnard B if chaff.\ Thomas Barjlozc, Samuel " Brooke, J. Brooke, Brooke, Joj'eph Billon, Hans " BuJJc, Gabriel Brookes, George Bell, Francis Blaydes,

" James Burnell, Robert Benson, William B lac kb u me,

" William Boives Esquire, John Clavering, John Cook

" son, Thomas Ccokjbn, Samuel Davenport, John Daw-u son. Freeman Flower, John Firth, Richard Hey, Sa-u mud HarperClcvkJViltiam Hird, Thomas Lee, George " Lumley, Thomas Lodge, Edward Lodge, John Murgatroyd, Darcy Molyneux, Richard Micklethwayle, Richard Markham, Charles Milner, Francis Milner, Joseph Milner, Lancelot Myers, Thomas Morley Esquire,

" Pq/Viuvius Nixon, Anthony Noguier, John Ord, George " Oates, JoJiah Oates, Samuel O/balde/lon, Henry Perwson, William Priestley, George Perrot, William Preston, Ingram Ryder, Nicholas Torr, William Topham,

" Christopher Topham, William Tottie, Henry Scot I,

" Robert Smithson, John Shepley, Samuel Scalchdrd, cc Walter Stanhope. Waller Stanhope of Leeds, John " Sutlell, Richard Stephenjbn, Richard Wilson, Thomas " Woolrich, John Wilks, Thomas Whitaker, Woodifield " Beckwith A

IV

Regulation

Coalheavers.

Privilege allowed to a Solicitor for a Bill.

Preventing Frauds }n felling j&traw.

Cirenceder

Roads.

31 Geo. II. 24° 251

Pr. 30. L. 17. To leave out <r making navigable/* and to insert " extending the Navigation of:"

L. iS. To leave out " from Wakefieldand, after <c near," to insert " to:"

L. 19. After " and, " to insert " for making <£ navigable."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House: Arid the Hill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Navigation of the River Colder, to or near to fiowerbj) Bridge, in the Pari Hi of Halifax; and for making navigable the River Hebblc, Haligy or Halifax Brook, from Brookfmouth to Salter Hebblc Bridge, in the County of York.

And then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewetl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Harvey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Relief of the Coalheavers working upon the River Thames, and for ascertaining the Price of their Labour; and for enabling them to make a Provilion for such of themselves as shall be sick, lame, or pail their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. Gilbert Douglas, a Solicitor fora Bill depending in this House, was on Monday last arrested, and now remains in Custody;

And a Witness being called in, and examined, in order to prove that the said Mr. Gilbert Douglas was so arrested;

And the House being informed, by a Member of the House, That the said Mr. Gilbert Douglas was employed in soliciting the said Bill at the time when he was so arrested;

Ordered, That the Privilege of this House be allowed to the said Mr. Gilbert. Douglas, and that he be discharged from his Arrest.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to ascertain the Weight every Truss of Straw, brought or offered for Sale within the City of London, orany Placescomprifed within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places, mentioned in the said Bill, shall contain; and to punish Deceits in the Sale of Hay and Straw within the Limits aforesaid; is re-committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to restrain Persons who shall act as Salesmen of Live Cattle in London, or within the Limits of the AVeekly Bills of Mortality, from buying, on their own Accounts, to fell again, any Live Cattle in London, or within the limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or which are bringing up to any Market in London, or within the Limits of the AVeekly Bills of Mortality.

Mr. Dawnay reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Trustees appointed for putting in Execution an Act, pafl’ed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of the Act, of the 15th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Cirencester Town’s End to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, as directs that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Hamlets therein named shall pass Toll-free; and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Cirencester to the Town’s End there; and forother Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts; to reduce all orany of the Tolls granted by the said Act; was committed ;That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, andfound the fame

A~oi*. 28.

to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direfited him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, oue by one; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for applying the Money granted by Parliament towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia for the Year 1758; and for defraying the Expences incurred on Account of the Militia in the Year 1757; wa& committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hi& Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill for the more effectually Manning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Defection from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships £tnd A^effels in the Merchants Service;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the T*hird time upon this Day Six AVeeks.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Number of Men taken into the Service of his Majesty’s Navy, to serve as able or ordinary Seamen, or as Landmen, exclu-five of Marines, from Christmas 1754 to Christmas 1757; distinguishing how many of such Men were Volunteers, and how many of them were pressed; as also an Account of the Number of those who have deserted, and of those who have beendischarged; together with an Account of the Number of such Men as have died, whether on board of Ship, or in the Hospitals or sick Quarters, or in other Places, distinguishing the Number of those who have been (lain, or have died of AVounds received in Combat against the Enemy, and of those who have been drowned within the saidTime; distinguisfiingeachYear.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Number of Men pressed into the Service of his Majesty’sNavy, from Ships belonging to Great Britain, in the Merchants Service, returning from any of his Majesty’s Plantations, or foreign Ports or Places, to any Port or Place in Great Britain, from Christmas 1754 to Christmas 1757, with the Name of each such Ship, and the Port she was bound to, with the Number of Men pressed from each Ship; distinguishing the Account of each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, a List or Lifts of the Names of every Ship in the Merchants Service, belonging to Great Britain, returned from any of his Majesty’s Plantations, or foreign Ports or Places, to any Port or Place in Great Britain, from Christmas 1754 to Christmas 1757, setting forth the Burthen of each Ship, and the Port or Place 6 ft?

Militia Eft i mate;

Bettef Manning the Navy.

Account of Seametl pressed.

Ditto.

Account of Merchant Ships.

Account

rclpiCiing

Senmcfii

pressed.

Importation of* Beef, kc. from Ireland.

Supply Bill; Sail Cloth, &c.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Inclosing

Commons

and

preserving

Trees.

252 H — *5*

ilie came from, and where reported; dhliiiguishing-each Year.

Mali. 1758.

Jovis, 2 50 die Mail;

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all the Expences which have been oecalioned by pressing Men for the Ser- Vice of his Majesty’s Navy, from Christmas 1754 to Christmas 1757, setting forth, as near as can be, the Numbers of Men belonging to the Navy, employed, at a Medium, on this Service; as also the Number and Quality of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessela usually employed for pressing Men from Ships returning from foreign Voyages, or on Coasting Voyages, or that have been made ofe of to confine profled Men in, until they could be distributed into other Ships for Service, together with the Number and Quality of all Vessels hired for the like Purposes during the said time; distinguishing* as near as can be, the total Expence of each Year, and what Part thereof hath been paid yearly, in pursuance to his Majesty’s Proclamation for the Discovery of Seamen concealing themselves.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the free Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a Time to be limited. J

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt, reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read 5

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refolveitfelf intoa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of Britishmade Gunpowder; and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and for permitting Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to be landed before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Waysjand Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Anno 310 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

MR. Chancellor of the Exchequer prefen ted to the

House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing Cl" forehfn an A#, made in the 25th Year of his present Majesty, Ships trading to restrain the making Insurances on foreign Ships to India, bound to or from the East Indies: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act p?'’nfy’s to veil Part of the Settled Estate of Pemjton Poicney ate* Esquire, decealed, in Trustees, to be sold; and to lay out the Money, arising from the Sale thereof, in real Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the Th;rd time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vanjiltart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montague and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act papife for allowing further Time for Inrollment. of Deeds and Wilis and Wills made by Pa pills, and for Relief of Protestant Pur- Deeds, chafers, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act . B*^0p»s for ix?])airing and widening the Roads from the Town of Waltham Bishop's Waltham, in the County of Southampton, over Road, the Top of the Down called Stephens Cajtle Dozen, and through Salt Lane and Titchbome to the Town of New Alresford; and from the Market-house in the said Town oi New Alresford, through Old Alresford, Bradley Lane, and over Hcrriad Common, to the Town of Odifiam, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^,|necote for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields within the Manor of Wilnecote, in the County of JVarzvick; and also for erecting and working One or more Fire Engine or Fire Engines, for the more effectual draining the Coal Mines in the said Manor; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Knight’* naturalizing John Knight: To which the Lords desire Nat. the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty\s Reign, intituled, An Act for inclosing, by the mutual Consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preferring Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees; was committed; be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common i^iXe. Fields in the Hamlet, Township, or Village, of Upton,. in the Parish of Blewbuiy, in the County of Berks, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vanjiltart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this I louse hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Trustees appointed for C-Irencester putting in Execution an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of the Act of the 15th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from CircmceflerTowrisJLndio Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Glouctfer, as directs that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Hamlets therein named shall pafsToll-free; and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Cirencester to the Town’s End there; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

and

; i Geo. II.

and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Two former Arts; to reduce all or any of the Tolls granted by the said Act; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 35. After " them," to insert <c being duly " qualified according to the Directions of the said Act " of thisSession of Parliament."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Trustees appointed for putting in Execution an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of the AdTtf the 15th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the 13th Year of hrs late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Circncejier Town’s End to Saint Johns Bridge, in the County o f Gloucester, as directs that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Hamlets therein named shall pass Toll-free; and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Circncejier to the Town’s End there; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; mid for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts; to reduce all or any of the Tolls granted by the said Act; and for appointing additional Trustees for putting the said Acts in Execution.

Ordered, That Air. Dazcnay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Admeasure- A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there-

ment unto signed, being Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Coah. anrj Places following* viz. Putney, Mortlake, Richmond, and Kingston, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners are greatly aggrieved by the many iniquitous Practices committed in the Admeasurement of Coals; and representing to the House, that the Laws in being are not effectual, on account of the great Trouble and Expence which attends the Execution of them, whereby the Offenders generally escape with Impunity; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

And several of the Names subscribed to the said Petition were also read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Coventry, Mr. More, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Crajter, Mr. Medlycoit, Mr. Foley, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Trijl, Lord North, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Symons, Mr. Webb, Mr. CharUon, Lord Shelburne, Mr Bowes, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Fcllozves, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Probyn,hiv. West, Mr. Butler, Mr. Martin, Mr. Chet-xoynd, Mr. Watson, Mr. Earle, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. John Pitt, Sir John Turner, Siv Armine Wodehouse; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey and Middlesex; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

S&pply Bill; Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Do;y 00 Order, a Bill for repealing the Duty granted by an Act, Plate* made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, on Silver Plate made, wrought, touched, allayed, or marked in Great Britain; for laying a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, felling, or vending, Gold or Silver Plate; vand fordiscontinuing all i Vol. 28.

*53

Drawbacks upon Silver Plate exported: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Coventry} do make the Importation Report from the Committee of the whole Iloul’e; to Pri-f.&c whom the Bill to permit the free Importation of failed rom rclaw ’ Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a Time to be limited, was committed.

Air Thomas Coventry accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were onfce read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I Ionfe: And ail Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee; Expiring to whom the Bill to continue several Laws therein Laws, mentioned, for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; for preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encouragement for the Importation . of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster, is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for punishing such Persons as shall steal or destroy Madder Roots.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for railing: granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be & 5*°°0>0od raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery; and for granting to his Majesty a certain Duty upon all Salaries,

Fees, and Perquisites, of Offices and Employments in Great Britain, and on all Pensions and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenues belonging to his Majesty in Great Britain, exceeding a certain Value; and for granting new Duties upon Houses; and also a new Duty upon Houses having a certain Number of Windows or Lights; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Tozonjhend of Yarmouth reported from Exportation the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several of Malt. Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others, Merchants in the County of Norfolk, City of Norwich, and Burgh of Great Yarmouth, concerned in making or exporting Malt; and also the Petition of William Sezvard. of the Town and County of Southampton, Agent and Factor for the Merchants and other Inhabitants of the Blands of Jersey and Guernsey, on behalf of the said Inhabitants; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Traders in and about the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex, who are Exporters of Corn, Flour,

Kc. on behalf of themselves, and others within the said County, who are in the like Circumstances; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the 3 T Matters

£5° M

254

Matters of Fact contained in the said Petitions; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

1758.

the Exportation of Briti/Ji-made Gunpowder; and foe encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and for permitting Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to be landed before the Duties of lfxcise are paid thereon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

150 — ±6° Mali.

Jrtclosing Commons ond pir-serving Trees.

Plunkett’s

and

Knox’s

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for inclosing, by the mutual Con fen t of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preferring Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees: was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for giving further Time to Trustees, therein named, t# execute certain Trusts veiled in them in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland in Trustees, in order to sell the same to Protestant Purchasers.

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Recruiting The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Land Forces, whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Securing the The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Dock Yards. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth, and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for the Uieof his Majesty; and for making a just and reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wilkin/on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wilkin/on reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Supply Bill» Sail Cloth, &c.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing several Laws, therein mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon

V1eneris, 26° die Maii;

Anno 316 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

APETITION of several Persons whose Name$ Expiring are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, Laws, and many others, Inhabitants within the City and Liberty of Westminster, &c. was presented to the House, and read 5 alleging, That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is brought into the House, to continue several Laws therein mentioned, One whereof is for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster; and that the Pe-tiiioners apprehend the said Law hath been found of great Use and Benefit to the Inhabitants residing within the Limits prescribed by the fame, whereby many Frauds and Abuses have been prevented: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Law may be further continued, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered^hvX the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; for preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster; is committed.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for WestminHef putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 22d Year of Fifo Market* his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the Forestallingand Monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in aClause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; and also for putting in Execution another Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Act; whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have used their utmost Endeavours to carry the said Act into Execution; and that the Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Places adjacent, might be well supplied with good and wholesome Fish, and at a more reasonable Price than they have been for several Years before the said Acts passed; and alleging, that if the Bill to amend the said Act, of the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, pass into a Law, as it now stands, the said Act would in a great measure be rendered ineffectual: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Coimfel, against some Parts of the said Bill, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petitionbe referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of* the Reign of his present

Supply Bill Duty on Plate.

Supply, Bill Sail Cloth,

Weights

and

Measures.

Accounts

respecting

British

Fiflicrv.

31 Geo. II. if)" Mail.

*55

fnt Majesty, intituled, An Act An'explaining, amending1, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 22(1 Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a free Market for the Sale of Fill] in the City of Wef.miufer; and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fidi under the Di-inenfions mentioned in a Chutfc contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook5 is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by their Coun-fel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Inliruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

1 A Bill for repealing the Duty granted by an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, on Silver Plate made, wrought, touched, allayed, or marked, in Great Britain; for laying a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, felling or vending, Gold or Silver Plate; and for discontinuing all Drawbacks upon Silver Plate exported; was read a Second time.

Refulved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refulved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon* the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Inftmftionto the Committee

of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British*made Gunpowder: and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and for permitting Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to be landed before the Duties of Exciseare paid thereon;That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for obliging the Importers of any Kind of foreign exciseable Liquors to make due Entry thereof, and pay the Duties thereon, within a Time to be limited; and for obliging the Importers in such Entries to specify the particular Kind of Liquors contained in eadh Calk;and for impowering the Officers of Excise to take Samples of the Liquor contained in each Calk.

The Lord Cary fort reported from the Committee, appointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom, and (oconsider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion of the most effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing . uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future; That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had considered the Laws relating thereto; and had directed him to report the Observations of the Committee thereupon, together with their Opinion of themost effectual Meansfor ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table, together with Two Boxes, containing the Standards referred to in the said Report.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said.Boxes be locked up by the Clerk of this House, and kept by him until the said Report be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Society of the Free British Fishery do Jay before this House, an Account of the Number of decked Vessels or Buttes which have been contrafted for and built for the Use of the said Fishery, from the Time of their being first incorporated, to the present time; spe-

Vou 28.

cifying the Time whsn, and the Place where, each VYOel was built, the Burthen of the fame, and where each Vessel now is, also the particular Sums of Money which have been paid for such Vessels; and what Sums, if any; remain due for t he fame.

Ordered, That the said Society do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Vr Refs or Buttes, specifying the fame, which have been employed by them every Year, linee the Time of their being full incorporated, with the Quantity of Herrings taken by them, and how, and for what Sums of Money, the same have been disposed of; distiuguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the said Society do lay before this House, an Account of all the Sums of Money expended by them for Fishing Nets; distiuguishing each Year; with an Account of the Quantity of Nets now belonging to their Buttes, and fit for the Service of the said Fishery.

Ordered, That the said Society do lay before this House, an Account of the several Sums of Money that have been paid to the Members of the Council of the said Society for their Attendance, and to their Officers for Salaries; specifying the fame, and distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the said Society do lav before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money paid by them for Wages to the Matters, Mates, and Seamen, belonging to the said Vessels or Buttes, and for Provisions for the fame; specifying the Particulars thereof, and distin-guittiing each Year.

Ordered, That the said Society do lay before this House, a particular Account of all Sums of Money received by them of the Commissioners of his Mn jetty’s Customs, for Interest, at the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, on their Subscription Money, and for the Bounty of 30$*. per Ton and 50s. per Ton on their Buttes, granted by Parliament; diilinguishing each Year; and also an Account of all Sumsof Money received by them of the Commissioners of Salt Duties, for Debentures on Herrings exported; distinguishing each Year.

An ingrossed Bill to permit the free Importation of importation salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a Time of Beef, &c. to be limited, was read the Third time. ^om Irelan<1*

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Bill;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more efTeftual Tn-lofing an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his prese nt Majesty’s Co^ons Reign, intituled, An Act for inclosing, by the mutual prefer\ing Conlent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Com- Trees, mon, for the Purpose of planting and preferring Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for more efTeftual I.v preventing the unlawful Destruftiou o< Trees; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and render more efTeftual an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for inclosing, by the mutual Content of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. 1

An ingrossed Bill for applying the Money granted by Militia Parliament towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Eft;mate, Cloathing for the Militia for the Year 1758; and for defraying the Expences incurred on account of the Militia in the Year 1757; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for applying the Money granted by Parliament towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing for the Militia for the Year 1758; and for defraying the Expences incurred on account of the Militia in the Year *757-

Ordered,

cl $6 26° Man: A. 1758.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do J?<y5/r^, TiiatthisHouse will, upon WedhefdayMorn-carry the Bill to the Lords, and deft re their Concurrence, ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Knot's . An in grossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act The House, according to Order, resolved itself into d Exportation Nat- for naturalizing John Knight, was read the First time. Committee of the whole House, to eonfider of the Re- of Mait* Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. port which was made from the Committee, to whom the;

Petition of the several Merchants, whose Names are

Expiring Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom Laws. the Bi|j f0r making perpetual several Acts therein mentioned, for prevent ingTheft and Rapine, on the Northern Borders of England; for the more effectual pun idling wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and also Two CJaufes, to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop Binds; for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph, of Coal or Canal Coal, and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chaees, or beating or wounding the Keepers or otherOflicers in Forests, Chaces,or Parks; and also so much of an Act as relates to the Power of appealing to the Circuit Courts in Civil Cafes in Scotland; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confide* ration after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Infuraners A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 25th Year on foreign of his present Majesty, to restrain the making Insurances Ships trading on foreign Ships bound to or from the East Indies, was to n Ia* read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Drawbacks Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Calicoes &c w^om Petition of Thomas Watson, of Morris's Canfc-

burnt’ ‘ May, in the County of Surrey, Callico Printer, was referred, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and for permitting Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to be landed before the Duties of Excite are paid thereon; is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the Relief of Thomas Watson, with respect to the Duties paid on a Quantity of East India Call icoes,which were destroyed by a Fire which broke out iti the Work-Ihop of the said Thomas Watson, on the 8th Day of September 1755.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That thisHouse will, uponWednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others. Merchants in the County of Norfolk, City of Norwich,t and Burgh of Great Yarmouth, concerned in making or exporting Malt; and also the Petition of William Sexcard, of the Town and County of Southampton,

Agent and Factor for the Merchants and other Inhabitants of the Blands of Jersey and Guernsey, on behalf of the said Inhabitants; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Traders in and about the City of Chichester% in the County of Sussex, who are Exporters of Corn*

Flour, Sic. on behalf of themselves, and others within the said County, who are in the like Circumstances; were severally referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Tozvnfhend of Yarmouth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles TozvnJhejid of Yarmouth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, wdien the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Plunkett’* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon and the Bill for giving further Time to Trnftees, therein named, to execute certain Trusts vested in them, in and ates* by an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland in Trnftees, in order to sell the same to Piotellant Purchasers;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Six Weeks resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Recruiting Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of 1-811 orcWf his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines,was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to /Securing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to the eonfider further of the Bill for veiling certain Messuages, Dock Yar<"1 Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Ports mouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better forti* fying the Town of Portsmoath and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for the Use of his Majesty; and for making a just and reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply Bill} to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sail Cloth, upon the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-maAe Gunpowder; and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and for permitting Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to be landed before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The

t

31 Geo. II. 26° — 270 — 9° Mail* 257

F ry’nv.n The Order marie thisTHy, for taking into Considera-

L"*Vj* tion the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor making perpetual ievenil Ao«s therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine oh the Northern Borders of England-, for the more effectual ptmishing wicked and evil elifposed Persons going armed in I>il-guifo, an I doing Injuries and \ iolences to the Periods and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and also Tw o Clauses, to prevent the cutting or breaking dowri the Bank of any River or S'*a Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of 1 lop Binds, for the more effectual Punishment of IVrlbns maliciously felting on Fire any M ino, Pit, or Delph, of Coal or Canal Coal, and of Pei lbns unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Fore its or Cliaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers or other Officers in Forel’ts, Chaces, or Parks; and also lb much of an Act as relates to the Power of appealing to the Circuit. Courts in Civil Cafes in Scotland; was committed; after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders_of the Day; being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The postponed Order of the Day being read; fefciinn? tie The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Dock Yards, whole House, to consider further of the Bill for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better feenri. g his Majesty’s Decks, Ships, and Stores, at P or tfmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better foitifying the Town of Purtf-wouth and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for the Ufeofhis Majesty; and for making ajnll and reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wilkhijbn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the lloule will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Sabbati, 270 die Mali;

Anno 310 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1758.

Adjournment.

Prayers.

Cjp H E House met.

And then the House adjourned till Monday, Twelve of the Clock.

Lunas, 2 g° Maii;

Anno 31° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

ThsKoufc A FT FIR Divine Service, Mr. Speaker, and the

attends JrY. House, walked from Saint Mdrgaret's Church to

-Divine the House.

Service on

*9th May. VOL. 28.

Air. Charles Tozvn/hcnd cf Yarmouth reported from Exportation the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was of Mali, referred to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themfe!vrs, and alt others, Merchants in the County of Norfolk, City of Norwich, and Burgh of Great Yarmouth, concerned in making or exporting Malt; and also the Petition of William Seward, of the Town and County of Southampton, Agent and Factor for the Merchants and other Inhabitants of the Islands of jer-Jhj and CucruJhj, on behalf of the said Inhabitants; and also t he Petition of the Merchants and Traders in tlnd abotit the City of Chichtsler, in the County of Stifle 1, who are Exporters of Corn, Flour, Sic. on behalf of themselves; and others, within the said County, who are in the like Circuiiillances; were severally referred* the RefoiutirinS which the Committee had directed hini to report to the House; which he read in his Place*; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followei h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That %the Merchants of Norwich and Yarmouth be permitted to export Two hundred Lnfts of Long Malt, which was by them entered and declared for Exportation on or before the 30th Day of January 1757.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Bountes granted by anjr Acts of Parliament now in being, upon the Exportation of Corn and Malt, be allowed for all such Corn and Alalt as was actually Ibipped and cleaved for Ireland on or before the 24th Day of December 1757.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a fuftkient Quantity of Flour, Meal, Bread, and Biscuit, be allowed to be exported to the islands of Jcr-fey or Guehfcy, for the Ufc Of the Inhabitants there, in lieu of the like Quantity of Wheat, Malt, or Bailey, now allowed by Law to be exported to the said Islands.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charles Townshend of Yarmouth, Sir Edward Walpole, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Butler, Mr. Hunter, Mi*. Bacon, and Mr.

Wcfl, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charles Townshend presented to the House, ac- Milford cording to Order, a Bill for applying a Sum of Money, Haven, granted in thisSession of Parliament, towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, Thqit the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gwynne’s for Sale of the Estates of Marmaduke Givynne Esquire, £states‘ in the County of Pembroke, to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame; and- for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Turner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

George Onslow, Mr. Butler, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Thistle-thzvajte. Sir William Owen, Mr. Of void, Mr. West, Mr*

Moore, Sir Edzcard Walpole, Mr. Coventry, Sir John Crofte, Mr. Nor they, Mr. More, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Luttrell, Air:

Vansittart, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Crafter. Air.

Cooke, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Gcfhry, Mr. Symons, Mr. She!ley, Mr. Walter,'Sir.

Fuller, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Rice, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Font* reuu, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Frederick, Sir Richard Lloyd,

Mr. Affleck, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Chancel< lor of the Exchequer, Mr. Stratton; and all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

3 U A Bill

258 290 — 3°° Maii. 175&.

Pean ani A Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Colle-WdtniTnfter 8,ate ^urch of Suwt Peto' at Westminster, and their Lea ling. Successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors a Lease or Leases ofcertain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised wi’hin certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, was read a Second time.

Bejblved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Cryfe, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Chari!on, Mr. Wilkinfony Mr. Coventry, Mr. Moorey Mr. Staunton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. More, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Frederick, Mr. 77///-tlethwayte, Mr. (?wr, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Turner, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Butler, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Earle, Mr. George On-y/erc, Sir Armine JVodehouJe, Mr Ward, Mr. Martin, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Mr. Dodd, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Lewis, Major General Cornwallis, Mr. Symons, Mr. TWytf, Mr. Medlycutt, Mr. Vanfiltart, Mr, JIT//, the Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. OJ'wald, Mr. Lnltrell, Mr. Vernon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middle/: x, Surrey, Kent, and Efex; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Importation TheHouse re fumed the adjourned Debate upon the ot Beef, &c. ingrafted Bill to permit the free Importation of lalted rom re am. gee^ porj^ rnj Butter, from Ireland, for a Time to be limited.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by u'ay of Rider, directing that no Bounty shall be paid on Exportation of Beef and Pork imported pursuant to the Ac t:

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House to be made Part of the Hi if, by way of Rider.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 1.T0 leave out " free."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill Was amended at the Table accordingly.

Re/blved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act to permit the Importation of lalted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Coventry do carry the * Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

wrl! not only tend 10 the Damage and Hurt of the Coal-Trade, but be of Distervice and Injury to the Public:

And therefore praying, i hat the said Bill may not pals; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Couufei, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel* against the said Bill, if they think lit. 9

Ordered, That it be an Inflruclion to {lie Committee w*v* of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, rPhat they do consider of so mnehof an Act, made in the Lift Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for granting to his Majesty tcveral Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon Newspapers, Advertisements, and Almanacks, and njjon Licences for retailing Wine, and upon Coals exported to foreign Parts; ami for applying, from a certain Time, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licenses for retailing spirituous Liquors; and for raising the Sum of Three millions, by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attonitcs and Solicitors; and for enlarging the Time for filing Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, and also the d ime for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; as relates to the Duty on Licences for retailing Wine; and also that they do consider of the Duties upon Sweets or made W ines.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Securing tie -whole House, lowborn the B.li for veiling certain Mef- Dock ¥ar<ia. fuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better Retiring his MnjTty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Porlsmouth, and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for the Use of his Majesty , and for making a just and reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments: was committed; be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Insurances Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve on foreign itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 25th Year of his present Majesty, to rest rain the making Insurances on foreign Ships bound to or from the East Indies.

The House accordingly reiblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him. to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Reflation A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are fub-01 feribed, Owners and Mailers of Ships using the Coal Coalhcavers. Trade, Inhabitants at Whitby, Seal borough, Neiccastle, Sunderland, Yarmouth, and other Sea Ports, at present upon Voyages at the Port of London, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That should the Bill for Relief of the Coalheavers working upon the River of Thames, and for ascertaining the Price of their Labour; and for enabling them to make a Provision for inch of themselves as shall he lick, lame, or pall their Labour, and fur their Widows and Orphans; pass into a Law, it

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr.FotiergiB the Reverend Dr. Fcthcrgill, Principal of St. Edmund tlwnk<u. Hall, in the University of Oxford, for the Sermon by him preached this Day, before this House, at St. Margaret's, IVe/tm infer; and that he bedefired to print the fame: And that Mr. Clayton and Sir John Crojje do acquaint him therewith.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowr Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Mart isj 300 die Mali;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

A N in?ro«'ed granti"5 to* SupplyIiilii

1jl certain Sum of Maney, to be raised by way of railing

Annuities and a Lottery; and for granting to his Ma- /. 5^00,000

jesty a certain Duty upon all Salaries, Fees, and Per-

quiiites, of Offices and Employments in Great Britain,

and on all Pensions, and other.Gratuities, payable otit

of any Revenues belonging to his Majesty in Great Britain, exceeding a certain Value; and for granting

new Duties upon lloufes; and also a new Duty upon

Houses having a certain Number of Windows or Light#;

was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be,

Gtildefot-d

Koad.

J?egutatioa

of

Ccalheavers.

Comb'nation against Coaiucavers.

31 Geo. II. 3od

be, An Act for granting to his Majully several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions; and upon Houses; and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Five millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the ft id Rates and Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Chari'on do c&rry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, ‘That. Mr. Brfc Fuller do make the Report from, the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guideford to the Directing PqJI near the Town of Farnham, in the County of Surrey, was committed.

Mr. Fuller accordingly reported from the said Comm i ttee, That the Com m ittee had examined the A negations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddireded to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the floufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the Second Reading of the Bill for Relief of the Cord-heavers working upon the River Thames, and for ascertaining the Price of their Labour; and for enabling them to make a Provision for such of themselves as ffialj befick, lame, or pad their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans; in favour of the said Bill, against the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are subscribed, Owners and Mailers of Ships uling the Coal Trade, inhabiting at Whitby, Scarborough, XeivcaJiF, Sunderland, Yarmouth, and other SeaPorts, at present upon Voyages at the Pod: of London.

Oi'dered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon ThurJ'day Morning next.

A Pet ition of the several Labourers employed in unloading Coal Ships and Vessels upon the River Thames, commonly called Coal heavers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others employed in the same Business, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That many Mailers of Coal Ships and Vessels originally agreed with f he Petitioners for unloadiugthe fame, and paid them a latisfadtory Price fort heir Labour in ready Money, without any Deduction to Undertakers, or any other Sort, of Middlemen; by which means they have cleared their Ships and Veflbls at a much cheaper Rate than if any other Persons had been concerned in such Agreements; and representingto the House, that, by a new formed Combination, the Petitioners are already very near deprived of those Benefits; for as the Shovels of divers Sorts neoeffitry to be made use of in their W ork are of a different Nature and Con-struction, and conlilt of more Materials, than those tiled in any other Branch of Business, they cannot be purchased in common with other Tools, of any Smith, or other Artificer; and that there are but Two Men who follow the Business of making the feSort of Shovels, who have for same time pad worked almost totally for the Undertakers, who have assumed an exclusive Right of furnishing Shovels for the Petitioners, at the Rale of a Shilling a Ship, amounting generally to a Deduction of Twenty Shillings, and sometimes much more, out of the Petitioner’s Labour, according to the Number of Ships a Shovel will lad for the working out; and alleging, that, by an unlawful Influence of the said Undertakers, the Shovel-makers abfohitely reftife either to fell or to make any Shovels for the Petitioners, or even to mend those they have made, though tendered read y Money for such their Work; and that uniels the Petitioners can be Vol. 28.

furnished with necessitry Tools and Implements for their Money, many Coal Ships now in the River Thames, and daily arriving, mud lie by with their Cargoes unloaded, to the great Detriment of the City of London, and ail Persons concerned in the Coal Trade: And therefore pray ing; That in the Bjli now depending, for the Relief of the Coalheavers working upon the )» iver Thames, and for ascertaining the Price of their Labour; and for enabling them to make a Provision for such of themselves as shall be lick, lame, or pad their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans; some Provision may he made for fiipprefling the unlawful Combination therein above-mentioned, or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall leern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Harvey, Mr. More, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Martin, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr.liofe Fuller, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Proxcfc, Mr. Fe/lowes, Mr. Bowes, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr Moore, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Willy, Mr. Hunt, Sir John Turner, Mr. Lysler, Sir John Cuji, Mr. Thifilcthwayte, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Symons, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gore, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Townshend, Mr. AJfleck, Mr. Gafhry, Sir John Ru/hont, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Chet-zvynd, Mr. Wilbraham, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Med-leott, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Crafter: and all 1 he Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, York, Durham, and Northumberland, the City of London, and Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Sujjbx; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are subscribed, inhabiting within the Bills of Mortality, Owners and Mailers of Ships using the Coal Trade, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be very detrimental and inconvenient to the Coal Trade, and alf© very prejudicial to the Public: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Moore do make the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Szvan Inn at l^atherhead to the Maypole at the upper End of Spilal or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoake, near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Sumy, was committed.

Mr. Moore accordingly reported from the said Committee, "That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Ques-ftiou severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered,

Regulation of

Coalheavers,

Leatherhead

Roac.

Foundling

Hospital.

Earl and Countess of Ferrers Separation.

Supply Bill Duty on FUe.

26 o

3O0 Mail. 1758.

Ordered, That Mr. Godolphin and Mr. Hunt, be added to the Gentlemen whoareappointerl toreturn the Thanks of this House to the Reverend Dr. Fat her gill. Principal of St, Edmund Halt, in the University of Oxford, for the Sermon by him preached Yeftenlay before this , Hause at St, Margaret's, fVestminster, and to desire that he would print the fame.

The House being informed, That Mr. Collingicood, Secretary to the I lofpita! for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, attended at the Door;

lie was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all the Children taken in by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of expo fed and deserted young Children, from the 2^th of March 1741 to the 31st of December 1757; as also an Account of what Numbers have died, and what Ages they died at: And also.

An Account of all the Children placed out as Apprentices, either Boys or Girls, and to what Business, by the Governors and Guardians of the Ilospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children: And also,

An Account of the Children returned to Parents by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children: And also,

An Account of all the Monies received by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Child rc n,since its firli Commencement, distinguished into annual Accounts, and likewise their annual Dilbnrfe-nients, distinguishing what laid out for Buildings, what in Purchases, or in the public Stocks, and what in other Charges relating to the Hospital.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An AFtfor separating Lawrence Earl Ferrers from Mary Countess Ferrers, hisWife, for the Cruelty of the said Earl; and for settling a Maintenance for the said Countess, out of the Estate of the said Earl;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duty granted by an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, on Silver Plate made, wrought, touched, allayed, or marked, in Great Britain; for lay ing a Duty on Licenses to be taken out by all Persons trading in, felling, or vending, Gold or Silver Plate; and for discontinuing all Drawbacks upon Silver Plate exported;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Cl antes, for more elTe&ually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Marking or Stamping of Gold or Silver Plate.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directedkimto report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report bo received Torrnorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was committed;

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Recanting

the

Land Fo.ces.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House, to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon SaiLUM«c. the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on , foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder; and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and for permitting Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to be landed before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon;

Ordered, That the said Order be pollponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee of the y^llPanrcjon whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, foreign made in the 25th Year of his present Majesty, to re- Ships trading strain the making Insurances on foreign Ships bound to 10 Iu<3ia> or from the Fuji Indies, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will,'Tommorrow Morning, Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon SailClo:h,*c. the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and for permitting Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations to be landed before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon.

Mr. Charles Townshend of Yarmouth presented to the pXp0^|r-ion House, according to Order, a Bill to permit the Mer- of'Male, chants of the City of Norwich and Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, to export a certain Quantity of Malt now ly ing in his Majesty’s Storehouses, and to allow the Bounty upon such Corn and Malt as was shipped and cleared for Ireland on or before aTime to be limited; and to authorize the Tran Importation of a sufficient Quantity of Flour, Meal, Bread, and Bifcuir, to the Mauds of Cuen fey and Jersey, for the Use of the Inhabitants there, in lieu of the like Quantity of Wheat,

Malt, or Barley, which may now by Law be transported to those Islands: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Townshend of Yarmouth have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir John Crojfc have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented Westmmto to the House, a Petition of several Fishmongers.

And the said Petition was read; felting forth, That of late Years the Scarcity of large Fish has enhanced the Price thereof, and which Scarcity has been occasioned in

a great

j.

1

3i Geo. II.' 300 — 31 0 Mail.261

a great measur by the large Quantities of small Fish brought to Market; and taking Notice, Tlial there is a Clause contained in an Act; of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, and also in an Act of the 29th Year of his present Majesty, specifying what Dimensions Fish should be taken at or exposed to Sale; and alleging, that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that the Dimensions of several of the Fish therein recited are too small; and that, if the Size were larger, there is the greatest Probability of having large Fish more plenty, and in consequence much cheaper, which would be a general Good: And therefore praying the House to take it into Consideration, and that the Petitioners may be heard . by themselves, or their Connfel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty\s Reign, for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the forellalling and monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish, under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; is committed.

Ordered, That Sir John Crofje have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly; And,

Knight’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Knight^ was read a Second time.

Bejblved, That the Hill be committed to Sir John Crosse, Major General Cornwallis, Sir John Philipps, Mr.' Alderman Dickinson, Sir James Creed, Mr. Bacon, Lord Duncannon, Mr. More, Sir Edward Walpole, Mr. Cholm-ley, Mr. Scott, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lvftev, Mr. Pole, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Thiflle-thwayte, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Moore, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Medlycott, Sir CharlesMordaunt, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Symons, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Foncrcau, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lockyer. Mr. Pitt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lee, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Hill, Mr. Finch: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Preventing Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee,

Frauds to whom the Bill to ascertain the Weight every Truss of in felling Straw', brought or offered for Sale within the City of ] ’ London,or any Places comprised within the weekly Bills

of Mortality, and other Places mentioned in the said Bill,shall contain; and to punish Deceits in the Sale of Hay and Straw within the Limits aforesaid; was recommitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him: to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table. l Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson have Leave to

make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.


Vol. 28.

Mercurii, 31° die Mail;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

AM E SS AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Borroughs and M r. Edwards: \

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Yarmouth for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts Debts, within the Borough of Great Yarmouth, and the Liberties thereof, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Colchester for regulating,governing, preserving, and improving,the Oyster Oyster Fifticry in the River Colne, and Waters thereto F,ftlery* belonging, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stockbridge, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Towns of &c. Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City Reads« of Winchester, and from the said City, through Bclmour Lane, to the Top of Slephe?i's Cqftle Down, near the Town of B shop's Waltham, in the said County; and from the said City of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bar gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton; without any Amendment; And.also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, Christian for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Milford

Roads leading from Christian Mdlford Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to Shillingford Gate, in the County of 03 Berks; and also from Swindon to Lyddcnlon Wall, in the said County of 1 frills; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act BHxton for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts Small Debts, within the Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Westbury, for amending the Road leading from Pengate, in the &c. Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, to LatcheCs Roath* Bridge, near the EastEnd of Market Lavington; and also the Road leading from Market Lavington Down, to the Turnpike Road near Deweys Water; and also the Road leading from Bolcjborough to Studley Lane End; and also the Road leading from Yarnbrooke to the Turnpike Road at Melksham, in the said County of Wilts; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew’.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the supply BUI; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Duty on repealing the Duty granted by an Act, made in the 6th plale-Year of the lleign of his late Majesty on Silver Plate, made, wrought, touched, allayed, or marked, in Great Britain; for laying a Duty on Licenses to be taken out by all Persons trading in, felling, or vending, Gold or Silver Plate; and for discontinuing all Drawbacks upon Silver Plate exported; was committed; the Amend* ments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questioa severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for repealing an Act, made in insurances the 25th Year of his present Majesty, to restrain the oti foreign making Insurances on foreign Ships bound to or from Ships1i?ciing the East Indies, was read the Third time. to 13

Refotved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the 25th Year of his present Majesty, to restrain the making Insurances on foreign Ships bound to or from the East Indies.

3 X Ordered,

Milford

Haven.

Preventing Frauds In felling Straw.

Ways and Means.

Supply;

a

261

31° Mail — 1° Jrniu

A. 1758.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for applying a Sum of Money, granted in this Session of Parliament, towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill to ascertain the Weight every Truss of Straw, brought or offered for Sale within the City of London, or any Places comprised within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places mentioned in the said Bill, shall contain; and to punish Deceits in the Sale of Hay and Straw within the Limits aforesaid; was re-committed 3 be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly 3 The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Hay and Straw shall be registered that is sold by private Contraft.

And the said Clause was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refotvedy That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Gommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Vestrymen, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Margaret's, Westminster9 in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishioners, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Bollan Esquire, Agent for his Majesty’s Province of Mnjfachufe Us Bay, in New Englandto his Majesty in Council, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Pay-master General and Secretary at War's Report, on Mr. Bollan's Petition for Repayment of Monies expended for Provisions, fife, fcmiflied 20

by the Province of Massachusetts Bay to their Troops in his Majesty’s Service, for the Campaign 1756,be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of Rickard Partridge, Agent for the Colony of ConfieSliaitf in New England, to the King in Council, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Pay-master General and Secretary at War’s Report, on the Petition of Mr. Richard Partridge, as Agent to the Colony of Connecticut, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left, the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House Will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was direSed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read *,

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Bill*, whole House, upon the Bill for continuing several Laws Sa;L therein mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail CJoth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-msuAe Gunpowder; and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and for permitting Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to be landed before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

&c.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 1 die Junii;

Anno 310 Georgii IF* Regis, 175?.

Prayers.

A BILL to permit the Merchants of the City of Exportation Norzvichy and Borough of Yarmouth t in tlieCounty of Malt, of Norfolk, to export a certain Quantity of Malt now lying in his Majesty’s Storehouses; and to allow the Bounty upon such Corn and Malt as was shipped and cleared for belaud on or before a Time to be limited; and to authorize the Transportation of a sufficienfc Quantity of Flour, Meal, Bread, and Biscuit, to the Islands of Gnernfey and Jersey, for the Use of the Inhabitants there, in lieu of the like Quantity of Wheat,

Malt, or Barley, which may now by Law be transported tothofe Islands; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir

3iGeo. IL i0 Junii. $63

Manchester Sir Ellis Ciinliffe reported from the Committee, to Schbol whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants

of the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also the Petition of the Feoffees of the Free Grammar School and School Mills in the Town of Manchester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of William Dazvfon, of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, Gentleman, Tenant of the School Mills in the said Town of Manckester; were re* ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions 5 and had heard the Petitioners, the said Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, by their Counsel; and had alf® heard Counsel for the Petitioners, the said Feoffees of the Free Grammar School and School Mills in the Town of Manchester; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Matters of the said Petitions, as they appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after* wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be takeii into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Securing Mr. Wilkinson, according to Order, reported from the

Dockyards Committee of t^ie whole House, to whom the Bill for ’ veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth. and for the better fortifying the Town of Portj\mouth, and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for the Use of his Majesty; and for making ajufland reasonableSatisfa6tion to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; wascommitted; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them,agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ways Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight, no Person shall be permitted to fell, by Retail, any Sweets or made Wines, without having first taken out a Licence for retailing Wine.

The said Resolution, being read a §econd time, was, r upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Supply. Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme were read; and are a.s followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand Three hundred and Eighty Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, for reiraburfing to the Province of MaJfachufelVs Bay,

1 their Expences in furnifliingProvisions and Stores to the

Troops raised by them for his Majesty’s Service for the Campaign in the Yjear 1756.

Vol. 2$.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coihmittee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for reimbursing to the Colony of Corme&kut,their Expences in furnishing Provisions and Stores to the Troops raised by them for his Majesty’s Service, for the Campaign in the Year 1756.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to be paid to the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, towards enabling them to defray the Expence of a military Force in their Settlements, to be maintained by them, in lieu of the Battalion of his Majesty’s Forces withdrawn from those Settlements.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Four thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, for repairing the Parish Church of Saint Margaret, Westminster.

The Two First Resolutiorts of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed.

The last Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who African were appointed to consider of the several Papers, Reports. Surveys, and Drawings, relating to the Forts and c Settlements on the Coast of Africa, and who were to examine the said Papers, and state the Matters therein contained, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking Wrights into Consideration the Report from the Committee ap- and pointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weights Measures. and Measures in this Kingdom, and to consider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion of the most effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Regulation Reading of the Bill for Relief of the Coal-heavers work- of ing upon the River Thames, and for ascertaining the Coalhcavers. Price of their Labour j and for enabling them to make a Provision for such of themselves as shall be lick, lame, or past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, For the House to d

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Counters of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords* intituled, An Act for Ferrers separating Lawrence Earl Feirers from Mary Countess Sepanmon, Ferrers his Wife, for the Cruelty of the said Earl; and for settling a Maintenance for the said Countess, out of the Estate of the said Earl;

A Petition of LauHrence Earl Ferrers, was presented Ditto* to the House, and read; alleging* That the Petitioner hath been several Days indisposed, and ftiil continues ipdisposed, whereby he hath not had it in his Power to give proper Instructions to his Counsel to examine his Witnesses, and be prepared to make his Defence against the Bill depending against the Petitioner; and expressiplg the Hope of the Petitioner, that the House will take into Consideration the unhappy Circumstances the Petitioner is under from the said Bill, and in regard of the Petitioner’s IndifpositionftiU continuing: And therefore

praying.

k


264 I° — 2

praying, that the House will indulge the Petitioner with a few Days longer Time, or what other Relief, in the Cafe, to the House shall feero meet.

Then the House resolved itiblf into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

' Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sandys took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, That they had heard Connie! and examined Witnesses for the said Coimtefs Ferrers; and that no Counsel or Witnesses appeared on behalf of the said Earl Ferrers; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirected him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Recruiting Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the the whole House, to whom the Bill for the fneedy Sand Land Forces. efTe6lual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines was committed, be received upon Tueftfay Morning next.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

Sail£l°*, whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; and for encouraging the Trade of the , . Sugar Colonies i n A meric a; and for permitting Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to belauded before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; was committed; be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2° die 'Junii;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

Meeting of QRD ERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill un^T certafn en*ar&*nS the Times for the First Meetings of

Acts!am Commissioners, or Trustees, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament: And that Mr. Charles Gore and Mr. John Calvert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Guldeford An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Road. from the Town of Guldeford, to the Directing Post near the 1 own of Par nham, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guldeford, to the Directing Post near the Town of Farnham, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onjlofio do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lather head An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road

Road.: from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead, to the Maypole, at the upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoake, near the Town of Gxddeford, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third" time.

‘w: Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the ' Swan Fim at Lent her head, to the Maypole, at the upper ‘ End of SfiihR or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoake,

: nedr tTfeToiVn of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onjloxo do carry the Bill to

the Lords, arid desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill v An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duty granted by Duty on ail A&* made in the 6th Yepr of the Reign of his late Plate. Majesty, on Silver Plate made, wrought, touched,

y Junii.

aflaved, or marked, in Great Britain; for laying a Duty on Licenses tobe taken out by all Persons trading in, felling, or vending, Gold or Silver Plate; and for discontinuing all Drawbacks upon Silver Plate exported; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duty granted by an AD, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, on Silver Plate made, wrought, touched, assayed, or marked, in Great Britain; and for granting a Duty on Licenses to be taken out by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate; and for discontinuing all Drawbacks upon Silver Plate exported; and for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Marking or Stamping of Gold or Silver Plate.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ilolford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Chawton for repairing and widening the Roads from Chawton Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, in the County of South- R<^ds. amp ton, through Rumfdean Bottom, Westmeon, Want-ford, Exion, Bijhoj) s Waltham, and over Sherrill Heath, and through Wickham and Pareham, to the Town of Gosport; And from Exton aforesaid, throng/-! Dr oxford, to the EafiEnd of Sherrill Heath, in the said County j without any Amendment: And also'.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Edit’nwdlon for confirming and establishing certain Articles of inclosure. Agreeement, for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields in the Parish of Edithzveston, in the County of Rutland, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Charles Gore presented to the House, according Meetings of to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Times for the First Commissionets Meetings of Commi(boners, or Trustees, for pitting in l,ntie^ru"u Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Crosse reported from the Committee, to whom Knight’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for , Nal* naturalizing John Knight, was committed; That the I Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: And that the Committee haddireded him to report tfye Bill to the House; without any Amendment 5 and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr, Thistlethwayte reported from the Committee, to Combination whom the petition of the several Labourers employed in against

unloadingCoal Ships and Vessels upon the River Thames, Coalhcavers, commonly called Coal-heavers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others employed in the same Business, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his s Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable:

Wherfethe same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

John Gray and William Street, Coal-heavers, being Severally examined, said, That the Coal-heavers have lately delivered a Fleet of Ships for 20 d. a Score, which would have been £ a Crown or 5 s. if done by the Undertakers; which, the said John Gray said, they offered to pay, if the Coal-heavers would have w orked for them; and that, if they would not, the Undertakers would punifii them more and more. ’

And John Gray further said, That Mr. Camphire told the Witness, he would give him a Note to take out their rotten Bill, and he would punish the Coal-heavers for applying to the House of Commons:

That

31 Geo. if.

26%

That lie went to one Mr. Ivifon, a Shovel Maker, about Coal Ships and Vessels upon the River Thames, com*

3 Weeks ago, and offered him 6d. a Piece, ready mbnly called Coal-heavers, whole Names are thereunto . Money,for3TrirnmingShove!3-, Thathesaid, If the Wit- subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others em-nels1 would give him £.100. lie would not make them: ployed in the same Business* was referred; do attend

1 hat the usual Price is 35. 6 d. a Piece, but he offered this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

5.9. 6d. because he had taken a Ship, and could not do Ordered, That Mr. Ivifon, mentioned in the said

without them: Report, do attend this House at the same time. .

That he has seen the Undertaker’s Men carry away Ordered, That Mr. Oakham, mentioned in the said att the Shovels he had when they first went to work for Report, do attend this House at the same time. t the Matters; that he went to fee, and he had none left. Ordered, That Mr. HI apes, mentioned in the said

WdliamStreet further said. That the Coal-heavers get Report, do attend this House at the same time, more by working for 20^. a Score for the Matters, than

they do by worki ng for the Undertakers forfdalf aCrown: An ingrafted Billto ascertain the Weight every Trnfs Preventing

That the Witness went to M r.Ivifon to buy a Shovel, of Straw, brought, or offered for Sale, within the City of . Frsa* in who said he would not let him have one; that he had London, or any Places comprised within the weekly Iel*1Dg8tra* dealt with him for Shovels 20 Years, and always paid Bills of Mortality, and other Places mentioned iii the him ready Money; and that Mr. Ivifoit said, he would said Bill, shall contain; and to punish E^eceits in the not let the Witness, or any Coal-heaver, have a Shovel,' Sale of Hay and Straw, within the Limits aforesaid 5 or a Shovel’s Tail, on any Confederation. - was re ad the Third time.

? William HaiftingSj a Victualler, being examined, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title -said, That he went to Mr. Ivifon to get a Set of Shovels be, An Act to ascertain the Weight of Trusses of Straw, for a Gang of Men; Who said, he would wot let him and to punish Deceits in the Sale of Hay and Straw in , have a Shovel on any Consideration: Truffes, in London, and within the Weekly Bills of Mon-

That the Witness went to Mw Oakham's, whose Ser- tality, and within the Distance of 30 Miles thereof; and vaut told him; he ihoukl not have a Shovel if he would to prevent common Salesmen of Hay and Straw from give £. 20 for it; for that Mr. Camphircf, an Undertaker, buying the same on their own Account to fell again; had engrossed them all, and he could not fell one. and also to restrain Salesmen, Brokers, or Factors in

Alexander Crawford, aGoal-heaver,being examined, Cattle, from buying, on their own Account, to fell said, that he went to Mr. Ivifon last Week, to buy a again, any live Cattle, in London, or within the weekly Shovft; who told the Witness, that- he had no OCcasion Bills of Mortality, or which are driving up thereto, to make Shovels for the Coal-heavers, for that he had Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the

got £.200. from the Undertakers, and would leave off Bill to the Lords, and 'desire their Concurrence.

Shovel-making.;

Patrick Conway, a Coal-heaver, being examined, said, A Bil l for obliging all Parishes in this Kingdom to keep £anth That he offered Mr, Oakham 6 s. for a Shovel last Mon- proper Registers of Births, Deaths, and Marriages; and Registerj,&c.

Sevennight; but he told the Witness, he might get for raising therefrom a Fund towards the Support of the Shovels where he could, for he would not serve him 11 n- Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed less he worked for an Undertaker; that the Matters and deserted young Children; was read a Second time, charge is*. aShip for the Shovel, which will work about Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

*3 or 24 Ships. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Caleb Dyer, a Smith, being examined, said, That lie of the whole House. attempted lately to make Shovels for Coal-heavers, and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday perfected the Iron Work; that he went to the CrofsKeys Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the in Gracechurch Street,where the Woods for Handles are whole House, upon the said Bill.

usually disposed of, but they had not any at that time; and he gave an Order to the Stage Coachman, who brings them to Town, for 2 Dozen Handles, which he promised to bring the next Day at Five o’Clock:

That the Witness went accordingly the next Day, but Coachman was not there; the Porter’s Wife told the Witness, that there were no Shovels for him, and that belhouid have none from Shapes, the Maker; that the Boy of the House told the Witness, there were 2 Dozen brought for him; that be law a Person, who he believes to be Mr. Ivifon, the Shovel Maker, drinking at* the House; and, coming out of the House, lie met the Coachman, who told him he had not brought the Shovels; for that the Person who makes them, said, he would not fend them, and that he would not make Shovels for any Person but Mr. Ivifon and Mr. Oakham.

’ And.be further laid. That there are many Smiths, that could make these Shovels, but no Perfort but Mr. Ivifon and Mr. Oakham make them at prefen t; the Witness bimfeif should have made them if he could have got the Wood; and that he knows no Maker of the Handles, but t&r.' Shapes.

> Resolved, That it appears to this House, That an unlawful and dangerous Combination has been formed amoogft the Persons called Coal-undertakers, to deprive the Goal-heavers of the Use of Shovels lor unloading Coal Ships.and Vessels, to the great Interruption of the Coal Trade, and Prejudice to the Public; which Combi hation ougl it to be sup pressed.

Ordered, That Mr. Camphire, mentioned in the Report this Day made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Labourers employed in unloading , Vet. 28..... - r w.

Mr. Sandys, according, to Order, reported from the; £arl and Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrafted Countefsol Bill from the Lords, intituled, A41 Act for separating ferrer’* LawrenceHL-dv\ Ferrers, from Mary Countess Ferrers his 8eParat*on# Wife, for the Cruelty of the said Earl; and for settling a* Maintenance for the said Countess, out of the Estate of the said Earl; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as foloweth; viz.

Pr. 3. L. Leave out " did insult and abuse the said " Mr. Norton, and threaten tofhoot him, whereby thg " Arbitrators were," and insert " by Violence," and after " prevented," insert " the said Arbitrators," and leave out " and will," and insert " who would

Pr. 24 L. 13. Leave out from " Year" to " and, " in Line 20, and insert " iii full for the said Rent Charge " of£. 800. a Year grauted by the said Indenture on or " about the 16th Day of April 1753

Pr. 2. L. After "Ferrers," insert "and all other " Person or Persons claiming by, from, or under, the " said Lawrence Earl Ferrers, not herein before excepted;

" or in case of the said Earl’s Death, becoming intitled " unto or claiming all or any of the Premises herein before made subject to the several and respective Pro " visions enacted for the said Mary Countess Ferrersf The said Amendments being fever^Jly read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

3 Y Ordered,

Adjournment.

Wights-

and

Measures.

266 Junit., A. 1750/'

Ordered, That the faict Bill he read the Third time upon Tlief day Morning next.

*Refolvedi That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into C^nfidemtion the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom, and to consider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Observations the-eupon, together with their Opinion of the most effectual Means for ascertainingand enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to* be used for the future; be now read;

And the fair! Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Chhfiderattotr.

And the Boxes, containing the Standards referred to iii the said Report, were brought to the Table.

And the said Report was read; and the Refolunions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

~ Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is necessary, in order effectually to ascertain and enforce Uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future, that all the Statutes relating thereto should be reduced into One Act of Parliament, and all those now in being, subsequent to the great Charter, repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Distance between the Two Points in the Gold Studs in the Brass Rod described in this Report, and delivered herewith, ought to be the Length called a Yard, and the Instrument also herewith delivered adjusted to the same Length, ought to be preserved and used for fizing Measures of Length at the Exchequer; and that One Third Part of the said Length, called the Yard, should be a Foot, and the 12th Part of that Third or Foot deeded One Inch.

‘ Resolved; That it is tile Opinion of this Committee, That all Measures of Length whatsoever should be taken in Parts, Multiples, or certain Proportions of the said Standard Yard.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Measures, called Measures of Capacity, should be dfeertaihed according to the Number of cubical Inches therein contained.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Measures of the same Determination, whether of Liquids or of dry Goods, ought to contain the same Number of cubical Inches; and that the Gallon ought to contain 282 such Inches, and the Quart One Fourth Of the Gallon, and the Pint One Half of the Quart.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bulliel ought to contain Eight of the said Gallons, and the Quarter Eight such Bushels; and all other Measures, called Measures of Capacity, ought to be take 1 iu Parts, Multiples, or proportional Parts of the said Gallon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Goods, measured by any of the said Measures of Capacity, should not be heaped, but stricken with a round Strike of the same Diameter from one End to the other.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standard of Weight ought to be the Pound herewith delivered, described in this Report, and made hpbn the Examination and Review of the several present Standard Troy Weights therein mentioned *, and that the 12th Part of the said Pound should be an Ounce, the 20th Part of such Ounce a Pennyweight, and the 24th Part of such Pennyweight a Grain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all other Weights should he taken from Parts, Multiples, orcertain Proportions, of the said Standard Pound,

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this*Committee, , - 18; -

That all Contrafts, Bargains, Sales, and Dealings, ought ' to betaken and adjudged to be according to the Stand-. ards aforesaid; and that no Person should recover the Price of Goods fold, Or the Goods themselves, or any Damages, on account of any Contrafts, Bargains, Sales* or Dealings, but according to the said Standards.

Resolved, That it is tile Opinion of this Committee, That it ought to be made penal for any Person to have in his Possession any Measure or Weighs that is not agreeable to the aforesaid Standards.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comrhittce; That it ought to be made highly penal for anV Perfoil to make or fell any Measure or Weight that is not agreeable to the aforesaid Standards.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That no Person onglit to be permitted to make Weights, or Measures, without having first obtained a proper Li* cence for that Purpose, upon the Payment of a certain Sum, for the enfQrcing an Uniformity in the Weights and Measures to be used.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee1,’' That all Measures, called Measures of Capacity, to be* hereafter made, ought to be marked with the Name of the Maker; and, after a proper Examination of the* Measure, the same to be stamped with the initial Letters of the Name of the Person who examined it.

The first Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Word " those," and inserting the Words " the said Statutes," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " thofe"' stand Part of the fqjd Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being pot, That the Words <c th&

" said Statutes," be inserted instead thereof 5

It was resolved in the Affirmative. i

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Corn-; mittee in the said Resolution so amended, That it is necessary, in order effectually to afcOrtain and enforce uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measurir* to be used for the future, that all the Statutes relating! thereto should be reduced into One Act of Parliament^ and all the said Statutes nowin beirjg, subsequent to the great Charter, repealed.

The Eleven next Resolutions of the Committee, being1 severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Thirteenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by inserting after the Word uThat" and before the Words no Person," the Words " for the <c enforcing an Uniformity in the Weights and Measures " to be used for the future."

And the Question being put. That those Words be* there inserted;

It was resolved urthe Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out from the Word " Sum," to the End of the said Resolution*

And the Question being put. That the Words pro* posed to be left out Rand Part of the said Resolution.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended. That, for the enforcing an Uniformity in the Weights and Measures to be used for the future, no Person ought to be permit* ted to make Weights or Meaftires, without having first obtained a proper Licence for that Purpose, upon the Payment of a certain Sum.

The last Resolution of the Committee, being read i Second time, was, upon the Question put thefeupon* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the AppendiA thereunto, and the Proceedings of the Housetheraupon,

be

Milford’

Haven.

Ways . And Means.

Supply.

Exportation of Malt.

Supply Bill SailClctb,&(

31 GEO.M. ti-Vyum: 'Ml

be printed: Atld; that Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do prefnme to print the fame.

The said Report and Appendix* are preserved amongst; the other Papers of this Session.

Ar. B. A printed Copy thereof is with the Original.

Ordered, That the Poxes,containing the Standards reTcrrcd to in the f:\icl Report, he locked up by the Clerk of this House, and kept by him.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for applying a Sum of Money granted in this Session of Parliament, towards carrying on the Works or fortifying and securing the Harbour o{Milford, in the County of Pembroke;

Rc/blved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hobfe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for rAifing the Supply granted to his Majesiv;

Resolved,l'hat this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next* resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned tiil TuefdayNlom-ing next, Nine of the Clock.

Mari,is, 6° die J

Anno 310 Georgii IIdiRegis, 1758.

Prayers.

Mil Charles Townshend of Yarmouth, according to Exportation Order, reported from the Committee of the whole of Malt. House, to whom the Bill to permit the Merchants tif the - -

City of Norwich, and Borough of Yarmouth, in the'

County of Norfolk, to export $ certain Quantity of Malt, now' lying in his Majesty’s Storehpufes; and to allow the Bounty upon such Corn and Malt, as was shipped and cleared for Ireland, on or before a Time,to be limited; and to authorize the Transportation of afufftcient Quantity of Flour, Meal, Bread; and Biscuit, to the Iflauds of Gnemfey and Jersey, for the life of the Inhabitants ihere, in lieu of the like Quantity of Wheat, Malt, or Barley, which may now, by Law, be transportedtothofeTflands; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to rqport to the House; and he rea<l the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the; Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the Merchants of the City of Nonvich, and Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, to export a certain Quantity of Malt now lying in his Majesty’s Storehouses; and to allow the Bounty upon such Corn and Malt, as was shipped and cleared for Ireland on or before aThne to be limited; and to authorise the Transportation of a sufficient Quantity of Flour, Meal, Bread, and Biscuit, to the Blands of Gnernfcy and Jersey, for the Use of the Inhabitants there, in lieu of the like Quantity of Wheat, Malt, or Barley, which may now, by Law, be transported to those Ida dels.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Chailes Townftiend of Yarmouth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

M r; Charles Town/lieiid of Yarmouth reported from the Committee, That they had gonfcthrough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

;' Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-nvdde Gun-

Eowder;' and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar ‘denies in America; and for permitting Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to be landed before the Duties of Escife are paid thereon; was committed; the 'Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and Which they had directed him to report to the House; dmt he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de- livbredthe Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s rTdble: Where the Amendments wefe once read through-’ out; arid then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qtiefrion severally pat thereupon, were agreed to by the Hotrfe.;

1 Oy-tiered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grolfed.

Vol. 28.

Mr. Moore reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of all the Papers laid before this House in the last Session of Parliament, by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, relating to the Forts and Settlements on that Coast, and to the Expenditure of the Money voted by Parliament for the Support thereof; and also to consider of the several other Papers and Accounts referred to the Con-(ideration of the said Committee; That the Committee had examined the said Papers and Accounts; and had directed him to report a State thereof, together with the Observations of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

African Forts and Stalemfcfti;

Mr. Secretary Pitt acquainted the House, That he had MelT^e from a Message from his Majesty to this House, llgned by his the king; Majesty: And he prefen ted the same to the House; and V°re^ it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the rc J House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, relying on the experienced Zeal and Affection of his faithful Commons; and'Considering, that in this critical Conjuncture, Emergencies may arise which may be of the utmost Importance, and be attended with the most pernicious Consequences, if proper Means rtibnld not immediately be Applied to prevent or defeat them, is deftrous, that this House will enable him to defray any extraordinary Expences of the’ War, incurred or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1758; and to take all such Measure? as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

G, R.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That his Majesty’s most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

GvVynne'a

filiates.

r 'r

Regulation

Coalliravers.

Ditto.

|arl and Countess of Ferrers Separation.

Tetbury

ftoitiri.

Kirkaldy Tv o-per.y Scots.

2(58 6" Junli. A. 1758.

Sir John Turner reported from the Committee, to into, tappM, or fold, within the T*own of Kirkaldy and wliorrv the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Liberties thereof, without any Amendment: And alto,

Act fbrSale of the Eilatesof Mar?hadukeGzvynneVSc\oiref The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act WfftimnOer

in the County of Pembroke, to discharge Incumbrances for establishing a free Market for the Sale of Corn and orn cr*

affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein Grain within the City or Liberty of flejlminjlevy with-

mentioned} was committed.; That the Committee had out any Amendment.

examin'd the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Arid then the Messengers withdrew.

fame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

given llieir Coufent to the BiH, to the Satisfaction of the Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do pre- Li(l of Committee; and that the Committee had directed him pare, in order to be laid before this House in the next foreign Ships to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend- Session of Parliament, a List or Lifts of the Names of arrived io

meat: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table, every Ship or Vessel, belonging to the Subjects of any Port*

foreign Prince or State, arrived in any Port or Place in A Petition of the several Persons, whose Hands and Great Britain, from Chrijhnas 1753, to Ch rift mas 1757;

Names are thereunto i’ubscribed, Mailers and Owners of setting forth the Burthen of each such Ship or Wffel, and Ships in the Coal Trade, residing at Yarmouth, in the the Port or Place the came from and belonged to, and County of Norfolk: And also, ' where reported, whether to lade or unlaid, with the

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Amount of the total Quantity of the Tonnage of such thereunder written, inhabiting at Sunderland, in the foreign Ships or Vessels arrived at each Port or Place;

County of Durham, Merchants, Owners, and Masters, distinguishing each Year, of Shipping, in the Coal Trade:

; Were severally presented to the House, and read; al- Ordered, That the proper Officers do prepare, in order Account leging, That if the Bill for Relief of the Coal- to be laid before this House in the next Session of Par- of Seamed.' heavers wdrking upon the River Thames, and for liament, Accounts of the Number of Men and Boys prc

ascertaining the Price of their Labour; and for protected by the Commissioners for executing the Office

enabling them to rriade a Provision for such of of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, by the princi-

‘ them as shall be lick, lame, or past their Labour, pal Officers of his Majesty’s Ordnance, by the principal

and for their Widows and Orphans; should pass. Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, and the same would be greatly injurious to the Coal by the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy,

Trade, as well as detrimental to the Public: And exclusive of those protected pursuant to Act of Parlia-

therelbre praying, That the said Bill may not pass, ment, from Chrijhnas 1753, to Chrijhnas 1757; setting

and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their forth the different Services for which such Persons were

Counsel, against the fame. intended to be protected; and what Number of them

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie up- have been forcibly prefied into the Service of his Maori the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time, jesty’s Navy, notwithstanding their being so protected;

distinguilliing the Number protected for Ships outward Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third bouud on distant Voyages to his Majesty’s Plantations Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, or-foreign Countries, from those for Ships or Vessels AnAftfor fcparatin g Lawrence [\ar\ Ferrers, from Mary making 111 ort Voyages, or using the Coasting Trade;

Countess Ferrers his Wife, for the Cruelty of the said distiuguishing likewise those granted to the Magistrates Earl; and for settling a Maintenance for the said Coun- of Corporations for the Use of Members thereof; as tess, out of the Estate of the said Earl; be now read: also, those granted for Fiffiermen, Boatmen, Bargemen,

And the said Order being read accordingly; or others working on the Water, in small Craft; toge-

The said Bill was read the Third time. ther with those granted to private Ship builders, Boat-

Kejblved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do builders, Riggers, or others, for the Protection of Arti-

pass, ficers, Seamen, Labourers,or others, employed by them;

Ordered, That Mr. Sandyv do carry the Bill to the as also those granted to the Artificers, Labourers, or Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed others, working for his Majesty’s Service in and about to the fame, with some Amendments-. To which his Majesty’s Dock-yards; and summing up the total Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence Number of Persons protected in each Year. '

of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do pre- Account A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and pare, in order to be laid before this House in the next of Seamen Mr. Holford: Session of Pari lament, an Account of the Number of Men protected.

Mr. Speaker, protected by the Commissioners for executing the Office

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of Lord High A dmiral of Great Britain, from Christmas for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury to 1753, to Chrijhnas 1757, in Obedience to an Act of the Gate on the West of Simond's Halt Down, and from Parliament, of the 13th of his present Majesty, intituled, the Turnpike Gate at the Top of Frocester Hill to the An Act for the Encrease of Mariners and Seamen, to Turnpike Road from Cirencester, towards Bath, and from navigate Merchant Ships, or other trading Ships or the Field called Bouldown Sleight, to the End of a Lane Vessels. _;

adjoining to the Road from Hurjley to Tetbury, near

' Tittups Inn, and from the Market House in Tetbury to Ordered, That all Committees be revived. committee*

the Turnpike Road on Minchin Hampton Common, and

from the said Road in Minchin Hampton Field unto the An ingrossed Bill for making perpetual several Acts Um

Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on Expiring,

' A/h; and from the said Turnpike Road to Tayloe'sMill the Northern Borders of England; for themore effectual Pond in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide to the Bot- punching wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed

tom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloucester; in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Per-

without any Amendment: And also. Ions and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the

' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and also to continue, and render more effectual, an Act, made in TwoClauses,to prevent thecuttingor breaking down the ' the r 5th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, Bank of any River or Sea Bank, and to prevent the ma-An Act for.laying a Duty of Two Penies Sivts, or One licious cutting of Hop Binds, for the more effectual 1 Sixth Part of aPeny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any; Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought Mine, Pit, or Delph, of Coal, or Canal Coal, and of ! Persons

r i *....

L.OOQI

31 Geo. If. 6°

Per Cons unlawfully hunting or taking any red or fallow Deer in Forests or Chafes, or. beating or wounding the Keepers or other Officers in Forests* Cjiafes, or.Parks; and also so much of an Act as relates to the Power of appealing to the Circuit Courts in Civil Cafes in Scotland; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making perpetual several Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; for the more effectual punching wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and also Two Clauses, to prevent thfe cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank* and to prevent the malicious cutting of'Mop Binds; for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph of Coal, or Canal Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any red or fallow Deer in Forests or Chafes, or beating or wounding the Keepers or other Officers in Forests, Chafes, or Parks; and also so miich ofom Ad; as relates to the Power of appealing to the Circuit Courts in Civil Cafes in Scotland. ' '

Ordered, That Mr. Brtcon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Securing An ingrossed Bill for veiling certain Messuages, Lands,

h Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing

00 ar s‘ his Majesty *s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the bet ter fortifying the Town of Portj'mouth, and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for the Use of his Majesty; and for making a just and reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were feyerally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. i. L. 23* To leave out "Part," and insert " Parts

L. 28. To leave out "Part," and insert " Parts:"

Pr. 17. L. 36. To leave out " the several Ferry

L. 37. After "River," to insert " to and:" L. 38. To leave out " to Stonehouse," and after " and, " to insert " to and

L. 39. To leave out from "aforesaid" to " And," in Press 18. L. 1.

Pr. 18. L. 6, 7. To leave out " Ferries and Passages," and insert " Places

L. 9. To leave out "other:"

L. 12. To leave out " to Stonehouse:"

L. 13. After "or," to insert "to and:"

L.. 1.4. To leave out from "Cove" to "on" in Line 16.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth) Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town oi Portsmouth, and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Earle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Meeting of A Bill for enlarging the Times for the First Meetings md^’ctriain Commissioners or Trustees, for putting in Execution

Arts. certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, ' Vol. 28.

resolve.itfiplf into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive, a Clause or Clauses, that where any Trustees or Commissioners for putting in Execution any Act of Parliament for repairing Roads, shall have neglected to meet and adjourn, and their Clerks or Officers shall have neglederl to give Notice' of any future Meeting, according to the Dhcdions of the said Act, such Neglects or Omissions shall not, invalidate the Proceedings of the said Trustees or Commissioners; and for directing the Manner in which Notice shall be given in the like Cafes for the future.

A Petition of the subscribing Planters and Merchants, African

interested in, and trading to, the British Sugar Colonies forts and in America, was presented to the I louse, and read; tak- Sett emcft S< ing Notice, That the Petitioners are informed, that the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements in Africa is under the Consideration of the House; and alleging, that the Price of the moll valuable Negroes, so much lyanted in the Sugar Plantations (and even of the inferior Sort), is greatly advanced since the Forts and Settlements have been under the Direction of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, which greatly distresses and alarms the Petitioners, prevents the Cultivation of the Britfi Colonies, and is of great Detriment to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom; which the Petitioners are fearful, and believe, is in some Measure owing to the ruinous State and Condition the Brit if 1 Forts and Settlements were in, as appears from a Survey taken in the Years 1755 and 1756, by Jufly Whtfon Esquire; and, from a Sur- -.5,1 vey taken by Captain Weller, of his Majesty s Ship Afjifiance, in 1757, it does not appear they were then in a better Situation; and that the Petitioners fear the British Settlements are not kept in that respectable State it is absolutely necessary they should be, nor will any further Sums granted for that Service answer the Purposes intended, unless other Measures are pursued, and the Money more properly accounted for; and that the Petitioners presume the most proper Method to execute that great End, next to that of an incorporated Company, with a large capital trading Stock, tinder certain Restridious and Regulations, will be that the Care and Management of the British Forts and Settlements in Africa, be put under the foie Di red ion of the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations; and further alleging, that the Petitioners Interest in preferring and extending this Trade is closely connected with that of Great Britain, and is of such a Nature as makes it impossible for them to have any other Views, but such only as are for the Honour and Interest of this Nation, and such as will be most conducive to the improving this Branch of Commerce, as their Preservation or Ruin go Hand in Hand with that of the African Trade; and that by an Act, passed in the Year 1 750, for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, the British Subjects are debarred from lodging their Merchandize and Slaves in the Forts and Settlements in Africa: And therefore praying, That such Part of the said Act maybe repealed; and that all Commanders of Britfi and American Vessels; free Merchants, and all other his Majesty *s Subjects, who are settled, or may at any time hereafter settle, in Africa, shall have free Liberty, from Sunrise to Sunset, to enter the Forts and Settlements, and todepufit their Goods and Merchandize in the Warehouses thereunto belonging; also to secure their Slaves or other Purchases, without paving any Consideration for the fame; but the Slaves tobevidualled at the proper Cost and Charges of each of the Proprietors thereof; and further alleging, that if the aforesaid Method be approved, and the Commanders of the Ships of War stationed on the Coast of Africa have proper Powers and full Inilrudions to assist the Governors of the several Forts and Settlements, and to preserve the Rights of the Crown of Great Britain, and of the trading Britfi Subjects, to prevent the Er«

3 Z croachment

1

1J6 6° Junii.

croachment of foreign Rivals, who at present exercise an arbitrary Power and Authority over the Natives de-

f>endent upon some of the British Forts, whfch prevents heir having Intercourse with the British Subjects, and mull have great Influence over the Natives on other Parts of the Coast, where such arbitrary Proceedings are ttot put in Execution, the Petitioners apprehend this inofl valuable Branch of Commerce will be retrieved and extended, the British Colonies be better and cheaper supplied with Negroes, and great Sums of Money saved to the Public: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Forts and Settlements in Africa may be put under such Regulation and Management as the House shall think most conducive for their retrieving, extending, and preserving, that valuable Part of British Commerce, and that the British Interest on the Coast of Africa may be preserved, the Trade put upon fitch a Footing that a sufficient Number of Negroes may be brought to the - Colonies, so-as to be sold there at reasonable Rates. Dnfrm£, That (he And Petition do he upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of all the Papers laid before this House in the iaft Session of Parliament, by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, relating to the Forts and Settlements on that Coast, and to the Expenditure of the Money voted by Parliament for the Support thereof, and also to consider of the several other Papers and Accounts referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, be taken into Consideration.

Exportation A Petition of Framingham Lake, of Thornham, in *he of Male. County of Norfolk, on behalf of himself and sundry Cithers, whose Names are subscribed. Makers or Exporters of Malt, was presented to the House, and read; talcing Notice, That the House have relolved that the Merchants of Norwich and Yarmouth be permitted to export Two hundred Last of long Malt, which was by them entered for Exportation on or before the 30th of January 1757, conformable to their Petition, presented to the House on the 1 ith of February last; and alleging, thatthefe Petitioners are under the very same unlucky Circumstances, being possessed of a Quantity of Malt, not exceeding 350 Lasts, entered after the 4th of December 1756, and before the 30th of January 1757, wholly unfit for Home Consumption, and mull actually perish, unless the Petitioners are allowed to export the fame; and that the Petitioners were not acquainted with the Intention of the Merchants of Norwich and Yarmouth, or they would have joined in the same Petition: And therefore praying, That the House will take the same of these Petitioners into Consideration, and grant them, by aClausein the Bill now before the House, the same Relief, for the abovesaid Quantity of Malt, which is intended for the Petitioners from Norwich and Yarmouth^ for the 200 Lasts petitioned for by them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Aud that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Townshend, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Earle, Mr. Charles Townshend of Yarmouth, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Lionet PMjngton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Felbzves, Mr. Moore, Sir Francfcpoole, Mr. Dclaval, Mr. lloje Fuller, Mr. John HarvefcSu' Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Tho-roton, Mr. Marc, Mr. Butler, Mr. Probun, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mon!aunt, Mr. Lockyer, Sir John Turner, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Callhorpe> Mr. ThMlethwaytc, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Medlyco7, Mr. Leivis, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Montagu, Sir Edward Walpole, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Symons, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Recorder of London; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, and Essex:

And they rtre to mce* this Afternoon at Six of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records;

Ordered, 'that the Order of thfc Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee Cf the whole House, upon the Bill for applying a Sum of Money, granted in this Session of Parliament, ’towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour 6f Milford. in the Corthty of Pembroke, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfe/f into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The several Orders of the Day, for the Attendance of Mr. CamphttOi Mr. Ivifimt Mr. Oakham, and Mr. Shapes, who were mentioned in the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Labourers employed in unloading Coal Ships and Vessels upon the River Thames, commonly called Coal-hearers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others employed in the same Business, was referred, being read;

The said Mr. Camphire was called in:

Ami that Part of the said Report, which contains the Words said by a Witness before the said Committee, to have been spoken by the said Mr. Camphire, in relation to Proceedings of the House, was stated to him.

And he was, at the Bar, heard in relation thereto; and, having denied what is in the said Report so said to have been spoken by him;

He was directed to withdraw^.

lie was again called in:

And aAVitness wns also called in, and confronted with the said Mr* Camphire.

And then thej* wbrC both directed to withdraw.

Then another Witaefs was called in, and examined in relation to the said Matter.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And the first-mentiotied* Witness was again called in, and further examined.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

Then the said Mr. Ccfmphire was again called in, and further examined.

Anri he was again directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That the said Mr. Camphire threatened the Coal-heavers who have, upon their Petition, a Bill depending in this House, that he would punish the Coal-heavers for their Application to this I Ioufe.

Resolved, That the said Mr. Camphire is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Camphire be now brought to the Bar of this House, and be, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker for his laid Breach of Privilege.

The said Mr. Camphire was accordingly brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, and was ordered to be discharged, paying his Fees.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was committed

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading oftjie Bill for Relief of the Coal-heavers working upon the River Thames, and for ascertaining the Price of their Labour; and for euabling them to makca Provision for Inch of themselves as shall be lick, lame, or pad their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans;

TheCounfel for and against the said Bill were called in:

And the said Bill was read a Second time.

And the several Peliiions against the said Bill were also read.

An4

M’lfonf

Haven.

CorTililn.rioo

against

Coaiiieavers.

Recruiting

the

Land Force;.

Regulation

ot

Coalheavers.

Jr Geo. II*

Junii.

l?f

And the Cotlnfel for the Petitioner*, tti<? several Persons whose Names are subscribe#, Owners and Masters of Ships tiling the Coal Trade, inhabiting at Whitby, Scarborough, NetDcqftle, Sunderland, Yarmouth, and other Sea Porta, at present upon Voyages at the Port of London and alfafor the Petitioners, the feteral Persons whose Nausea are subscribed, inhabiting within the Bills of Mortality, Owners tad Mailers of Ships using the Coal Trade; were heAfd; and examined federal Witnessfes in fupriort of the said Petitions i

And the Counfel for the Bill werebeard; tadexAmiried a Witnefsin support of the Bill ag&mft the said Petitions.

And One of the Counsel against the BHl having been heard, by way of Reply;

TheOsunfe! on both Sides were deeded to withdraw. And Mr. Speaker Opened the Bifl.

Eejblved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. John Harvey, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Skndys, Mr. Crafter, Mr* Morton, M r. Iftiijllethwayte, Mr* Staunton, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Felloives, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Dicker, Mv. Lockyer,

MwFonereau, Mr. Moore, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Bacon, Mr. More, Mr. GaJ/hry, Mr. Feitbn Hawn/, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Alderman Dickmfon, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Lyster, Mr; Medlycolt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Foley, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bowes, Mr* Wilkinson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Middlesex, Bucks, Berks, Oxford, Wilts, Surrey, Kent, York, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the Heefe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.


Mercurii, j* die yunii;

Atinft Georgii B* Regis, 175®.

Prayers.

AM ESS A G E from the Lords, by Mr. bennett and Mr. Eld:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Navigation of the River Calder to or near to Sourer by Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax-, and for making navigable the River Ilebhle, Halig, or Halifax Brook, from Brook/mouth to Salter IJebhle Bridge, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees appointed'for putting in Execution an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of the Act of the 15th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Cirencester Town's End to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucefiet, as directs that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Hamlets therein named shall pass Toll-free; and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Cirencester to the Town’s End there; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts; to reduce all or any of the Tolls granted by the said Act; and for appointing additional Trustees for putting the said Acts in Execution; without any Amendment: And also, eupj>lv Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fifing for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties £. ^'.cod.oooo Upon Oflk-es and Pensions; and upon Houses; and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Five millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; without any Amendment. And then the Messengers withdrew.

minster, and their Sdoceflor*, to maifce and grant uittd James Atatlors a Ltfefii or LeafoS of€fert&iti Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, was domriritted; That the fcoriunittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to bfe true; and that the parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill; to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had goile through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in Ills Place; and Afterwards delivered the Bill, #ith the Amendments, id at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were oticeread throughout; and thettfc Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question so-verally ptit thereupon were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iftgrofled.

ME West presented to the House, according t6 Order, H Bill for granting to hi^s Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and applying certain Sums of Money remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1758: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bin \

Slaking

Fund-

CiMer

Navigation.

Crmceficr

Roads,

Dean and Major General Cornwallis reported from the Com-vhsprer of rnittee, to whom the Bill to enable the Dean and Chap-Weibninfler ter cf tjls Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at West-

Leafing.

VOL. 28.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Cfrm- Weflmirifter mittee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Mailw 2()th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled;

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 2id Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a free Market for the Sale offith in the City ol'Westminster; and for preventing the Forestallir.g and Monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act, of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; wfas committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direclod him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered* the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confi- . deration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Mitford resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Havcu. the Bill for applying a Sum of Money, granted in this Session of Parliament, towards carrying on the Works, for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to w hom the Book which was presented to the House upon Tlmrfday the 23d Day of February last, intituled, €< Report, Plans, and Estimates, for fortifying M Milford Haven, by Lieutenant Colonel Baftide, Di*

" rector of Engineers, November x 7 5 7was referred, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendmentsthereunto; which tltey had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for t iling into >ianchcftrt Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom School the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of AbU*

the

V — 8°

f" "i t C' r* \ % tT t \f:;r /*

fheT&mtof Mtinchester, in the County* Palatine of Lhncaster: and I also the Petition of the Feoftees of the Free Grammar School.and<School Mills in fiieTown of Manchester, whose Names Rfe thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of William Daicfon of Mandiefter, in thfe County of Lancaster, Gentleman, Tenant of the School Mills in the said Town of Manckefter; were referred

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Parlflt t The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Registersj&c. refold itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for obliging all Parishes in this Kingdom to keep proper Reg ifters of Births, Deaths, and Mar* riagesj, and for raising therefrom a Fund towards the Spppqrt of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

:*Way* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A. 175$.

And -then 'the House adjourned tilt Tomorrow* Morning, Nine of thedoek. . ~

JoviSj 8°. die Junii/y

Anno 31* Georgii If^'Regfe, 1758. /

.: - , '* A

Prayers. . s ( ,

A M O TIO N/befog made. That the Compiittee, to whom the Bill for Relief of the C#aL beavers working upbii the.Rim Thames, and for afeertaifong the Price of their Labour; and for.enablingv to make a Provision for of themselves asfoall befick,

lame, or past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans; is committed; have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill upon Saturday Morningjiiext;

The Hodfe was moved. That the lintryin the Journal of the House, of the 13th Day of July 1717, of the Proceedings oflheHoufo, in relation to the ingrafted. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Patrick Wemys Esquire to fell certain Houses in Dublin, for Payment of Debts; and for settling Lands, in the County of Kilkenny and elsewhere, to the same Uses to which the Houses to be sold were settled; might be read:

Regulation

Coalheavers.

Supply. - The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Meetings of The House resolved itfelfintoa Committee of the whole under1 certain Ffonfe- upon the Bill for enlarging the Times for holding Acts. the First Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for put-

ting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parlia-

Mr; Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Gore reported from the Committee, That

they’" had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report' when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That die Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Parish " The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Registers, &c. whole House, upon the Bill for obliging allParillies in this Kingdom to keep proper Registers of Births, Deaths, and Marriages; and for raising therefrom a Fund to-

wards the Support of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children.

Mr..Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wilkes took t he Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wilkes reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

* - Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

Morning next.

&c.

And the feme was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, Thai the Entry in t^e Journal of the House, of the 124th Day of May 1728/ of the Proceedings of the House in relation to the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable James Fox Efcpiiremand oiliest fcdtirake Leases of the Estate, in the .£bJuiXy>.s>fS*cr)}ey+. devised to him by Frawzdste.Viscountels L^n^jboroi^p. and for Sale of Bridge-house Farm* Part q£ t heia 1 a Estate; ana in veiling the Mdney in\ihe Purohdfe of other* Lands, in the same Coginty, tip- b$/feftg£d Jike <U and for

other Purposes herein mentioned; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Orderedf, ThaMhfe fairf Comm i ttee bavedLeave to'fit, and proceed upon the said Bill upon Saturday Morning next, T ..... ‘

An iiigrossed Bill for continuing several Laws ther^n SurpI/ fcifl; mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and the Duties Sail Cloth, payable on foreign Sail Cloth*; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British~m&<le Gunpowder; and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and for permitting Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to be landed before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon: was read the Third time. _ 1

Resolved, That the Bilf dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing certain Laws therein mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; and to the Encouragement of the Trade of the Su^ar Colonies in America; and to the Landing of Rum or Spirits, of the Brilijk Sugar Plantations, before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and for regulating the Payment of the Duties on foreign exoifeable Liquots; and for the Relief of Thomas Watson, with regard to the Drawback on certain East India Callicoes; and for rendering more commodious the new Paflhge leading from Charing Cross.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the*

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Supph

i'ifiKit;*

Money out of the Sinking Fund, and applying certain Sums of Money remaining in the Exchequer, for the *u;‘c Service of the Year 175S, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole. House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Bii!

31 Geo. II.

ins next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrticlion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

OrderedThat it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise dostroyed.

Meetings of Mr. Charles Gore, according to Order, reported from commissioners the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for "lldXUia ^larging the Times for the First Meetings of CommissionersofTrustees for putting in Execution certain Acts oi thisSession of Parliament, wascommit ted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed himto report to the House; and he rend the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply. Mr. Charlton, according to Older, reported from the Committee of t he whole House. to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutiou which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred thousand Pounds, he granted to Majesty, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 17 ^S; and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to di[appoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designsof his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine contradicente.

Milford Sir John Turner, according to Order, reported from the Haven* Committee of tin? whole House, to whom, the Bill for applying a Sum of Money granted in thisSession of Pari ia- ment, towards carrying on the Works For fortifying and

securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-i merits were Once read throughout; and then a Second

time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Message Mr. ViceChamberlain acquainted the House, That he from the had a Message from his Majesty to this House, signed by Had"ndia Majesty: And he presented the same to the House; Again. it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House beintr uncovered); and is as followeth; viz. GEORGE R.

His Majesty being defious that a proper Strength may be employed in the Settlements of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and havingcatifcd a Battalion to bevvithdrawn from those Sett laments, therefore recommends it to this House to en-

able his Majesty to assist the said Company in defraying the Expence of a M ilitary Force in the East. Indies, to be maintained by them, in lieu of the said Battalion.

G. R.

Rcfokcd, That his Majesty’s most gracious Messuage be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the

Yol. 23.

whole Hoirfe, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gwynne’s for Sale of the Estates of Marmaduke Gwynne Esquire, Ertates. in the County of Pembroke, to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame; and far other rurposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Knights for naturalizing John Knight, was read the Third time. Wat-

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Crojje do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Dear! and Chapter of the and

Collegiate Church of at Westminster, and their Chapter of

Successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors a Westminster Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westm infer, a nd theib Successors, t o make and grant unto James Matlors a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant.

Ordered, That Major General Cornwallis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Com* Xfrictri federation the Report from the Committee, to whom it Forts and was referred to consider of all the Papers laid before this Settlements. House in the last Session of Parliament, by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, re-. Iating to the Forts and Settlements on that Coast, and to the Expenditure of the Money voted by Parliament, for the Support thereof; and also to consider of the several other Papers and Accounts referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee find, That from the Year 1730 to the Year 1743, both inciufive, the Royal African Company of England had£. 10,000 per Annum granted them byParliament,tovvardstheMaintenanceoftheir Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, and in the Year 1744 they had £.20,000 for the same Purpose; in 1745 nothing; and in 1746 £. 10,000, which was the last Sum granted by Parliament to the said Company; the wholei amounting to £. 170,000: And it appears, by the Establishment of the said Company for their Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1735, that the Total Charges of the said Company’s Eftahliftiment, for the Maintenance of their Forts and Settlements for that Year, amounted in Sterling Money to£. 12,310 17 4.

Y our Committee then proceeded to examine such of the Accounts before them, of the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements 011 the Coast of Africa, as most immediately precede the Time when the Company quitted the said Forts and Settlements.

And, by the Accounts transmitted by Captain Baird\ of his Majesty’s Ship the Surprize, to the Admiralty Office in 1-751, the State and Condition of several of the Forts and Settlements was as followeth; viz.

James Island, in the River Gambia, inspefcted 20 October 1750, by Captain Baird:

15 Officers, Writers, &c. 4 Artificers, 1 Drummer,

13 Soldiers, a Bom-boy, a Master of a Sloop, and 3

4 A $es-

1

374 8°J

African Seataeh"Caft!e Slaves; 38 Men, i§ Women, 8 Boys*

F rtsand 2 (5,‘ris . Carriage Guns, mounted, 20 small D°, un-etiiements. niolintefj . Shot, »2 Hand Granadoes, 25 Barrels of Powder) 228 lb. of Beef, 29 Casks of D°, 5 Casks of Pork) 4 Casks of Flour, Weight 2 C. 3 qrs. 81b; 2 Sloops, 1 Shallop, and Boat, 3 long Boats, 2 small Boats,

I Flat, 1 Canoe.

George I/Iand, in the River Sierra Leone, inspected 18 November 1750, by Captain Baird:

6 Men, in different Employments, and 2 White Boys, Servants; the Fort in very indifferent Repair; a Magazine, under Ground; One extreme good Store-house; a large Stone-built Dwelling-house, a great Part of the Front down; an exceeding good Harbour, to clean and repair Vessels in, the Tide rising about 13 Feet in Spring Tides — Factory Slaves, 21 Men, 4 Women, 3 Boys; 10 Guns, 9 Pounders, mounted, v 3 D°, 3 Pounders, unmounted, 12 D°, { Pounders, for Carriages, unmounted, 1 Swivel; 200 Shot, 10 Barrels of Gunpowder; 1 Barrel of Beef, and 1 of Flour; 2 Sloops, 1 Schooner, 2 small Boats, 2 large Canoes, 2 small D°.

Dixcove, inspected 22 December 1750, by Captain Baird:

2 Chiefs, 1 Serjeant, 5 Soldiers, 1 Black Gunner, 1 Black Drummer, 97 eff ftive Black Men, with their Families, free People; the Fort in tolerable Repair, except J of the Parapet, which is raised with loose Stones and Plank; 10 Guns, 6 Pounders; 200 Shot for D#; 11 Guns, 4 Pounders; and 100 Shot for D°; 7 Guns, 1 Pounders; and 17 Shot for D°; the Guns ail mounted; 800 lb. of Gunpowder; 107 Muskets; 300 lb. of Lead Ball — Cattle Slaves, 11 Men, 3 Women, 1 GirJ; 300 lb. of Bread, 1 Barrel of Beef, 80 Chests of Guinea Corn, containing about 2 Bushels and an Half each Chest, 7 Casks of dried Fid); 2 small Canoes.

And by the Accounts sent by Captain Jasper, of his Majesty’s Ship the Prince Henry, to the Admiralty, in

the same Year, it appears, that behad inspected the Two First of the above-mentioned Forts, about 2 Months after Captain Baird; and reports much the fame, with this material Difference only, that the Fort in James Island, in the River Gambia, wants very much to be repaired; and Captain Jasper reports, with respect to several others of the said Forts and Settlements, that he found them in the State and Condition following; viz. Succondee, inspected 26 February 1750, by Captain Jasper:

Warlike Stores, 29 Guns, mounted, from 2 to 9 Pouuders; 1190 Shot; the Fort in very indifferent Repair; Vessels, 2 Canoes; free People, a Chief, a Serjeant, a Gunner, and Soldiers; Cattle Slaves, 19 Men, 12 Women, 6 small Children.

N. B. Only 6 Slaves that constantly reside here, the rest belong to Cape Coajl.

Commenda, inspected 14 March 1750, by Captain

Jasper:

Warlike Stores, 29 Guns, mounted, from 1 to 12 Pounders, 6 Muskets, 6 Swords, 6 Bayonets, 10 Car-touch Boxes, 1 Halbert, 2 Drums unfit for Ule, Horns, Formers, Ladles, Rammers, Sic. suficient; 700 lb. of Shot; 42 Granado Shells; the Outworks in exceeding bad Repair; Vessels, 2 Canoes; free People, a Chief, a Serjeant, a Gunner, and Soldiers; Calile Slaves, 11 Men, 5 Women, 6 Children.

Cape Coast CajlLe, inspected 15 March 1750, per Captain JaJ'per:

Warlike Stores, 61 Guns, mounted, from 1 to 12 Pounders; 5,000 Shot; no Gunpowder, or Provisions, but such as are furnillied by the President and Council, as Occasion requires, the public Aid being expended in AitguJl l.ift; the Outvvalls in tolerable good Repair; the Apartments and Battlements want new laying; Vessels, 10 Canoes; free People, 3 Agents, 40 Men belonging to the Castle, 12 of which are Soldiers; Castle Slaves, qoo Men, Women, and Children, i5ofwhichareCanoe r^en, and amongst the whole there are about 100 able to do some Work, and about 30 of different Trades.

18

'unii. 58.

Tanlumqiicrry, inspected 7 April 1751, by Captain

Jasper:

Military Stores, 16 Guns, mounted, 6 Muskets, 6 Swords* 6 Beits* 6 Cartouch Boxes* 2 Drums; 100 lb. of Gunpowder; 1 Ten Pound Keg of Musket Ball, and 240 Iron Shot; 30 Granado Shells, the F^rt in tolerable good Repair; but the Carriages of the Guns are in very bad Order; Vessels, none; free People, a Chief,

6 Soldiers, 2 Mulattos, a Serjeant, a Gunner, 5 Black Canoe Men ,9 Castle Slaves.

Wimicbah, inspected 8 April 1751, by Captain Jasper: Warlike Stores, 17 Guns, from Half Pounders to Pounders, 16 whereof are mounted; 200 Shot; Powder, none, except the Chief’s own trading Powder; Muskets with Slings, Bayonets, Swords, Belts, and Cartouch Boxes, 5 of each; 70 Granadoes; some Ladles and Sp tinges; the Timber Work of the Fort quite rotten, and in general in very indifferent Repair; Vessels, 2 Canoes; free People, a Chief, a Serjeant, a Gunner, and 3 Soldiers, 11 Canoe Men, which arc Pawns to the Chiefs; Castle Slaves, 7 Men, 4 Women.

Accra, inspected 12 April 17/31, by Captain Jasper: Warlike Stores, 36 Pieces of Cannon, mounted, very old, and the Carriages rotten; 600 Iron Shot; 200 lb. of Gunpowder, and 6 Muskets; the Fortin pretty good Repair; Vessels, 3 Canoes; free People, a Chief a Serjeant, a Soldier, 5 Molattoes, and 6 Black Canoe Men; Castle Slaves, 7 Men, 16 Women, 1110ft of them past Labour, 5 Children*

Your Committee observing, that the before-mentioned were all the Forts on the Coafi o f Africa that had been inspected at that Period of Time, had Recourse to the Return made by Captain Pye, of his Majesty’s Ship the llumber, to the Admiralt y, in 1749-50; and find, that, besides the afore-mentioned Forts, he had 111-speded the Fort of IVkydah; and reported the State and Condition of it to be as followeth; viz.

Whida/i, surveyed 27 February 1749:

2 Officers, 3 Soldiers, Blacks; Castle Slaves, 32 Aten, 46 Women, 27 Children; 12 Canoe Men; 35 Guns, from 2 to 9 Pounders; 380 Shot, from 2 to 9 Pounders; 2401b. of Gunpowder; 56 Muskets, 5 Biuuderbulies; Military Stores, 6 Copper Ladles, 2 Worms; Vessels,

1 Eleven Hand Canoe, bad; Goods in Trade to the Value of £.27 supplied from Cape Coast Four Years ago, and none since; in consequence whereof the Trade is almost loft.

And Captain Pye observes, that the Forts in general are very irregular; and what Repairs are made, for want of skilful Workmen, are badly executed, particularly Bricklayers and Masons Work; and that whatever Sums are granted can be of no Signification, till proper Persons are sent from Europe, to inllrud the Natives; and the Bricks they make are quite familly, for want of being properly made, as there are different Sorts of Earth, and seemingly very proper for the Purpose: Carpenters and Sawyers are very much wanting, there being Wood proper for Building, though most of it is to Windward of the Forts: They have likewise Stone in some Places plenty, but nobody that understands working it; and, for want of an experienced Surveyor, every Chief makes Alterations for his ownCon ven iency,without considering whether such Alterations are detrimental to the Fortificat ions or not: The Negroes in general are very tradable to learn Trades; and, were there a suficient Number of Artists sent out to instrud them, and a competent Sum of Money allotted for this Service, they would undoubtedly, in Two or Three Years, render the Forts complete:

And Captain Pye, having been instrucled to communicate his Observationson the Coastin general, observes, in his Letter to Mr. Clevland, dated 18 March 1749-50, in the First place. That a Company is moll certainly necessary; nor, in his Opinion, can the Trade be properly carried on without it.

He then observes particularly upon every Fort and Settlement: And as to Gambia, he found it in a most mile-rable Condition; the People in a most melancholy Situation,

3iGe6.IL 8° Juniu275

tion, for want of Goods to carry on a Trade to support th^ir Garrison, not having any Supplies for upwards of Five Years, nor allowed to trade for schefnselves; the Consequence of which was, they were obliged to call in all their Out Factors on the Continent, which were many, and, if properly supplied. One of the bed Branches of Trade, on the Coast, for Wax, Slaves, Teeth; and Gold; but, by being so long ne^le&ed, the chief Trade is gone down the River Senegal to the French Factory.

At Sierra Leone is a prodigious Trade for Slaves, and some Teeth, carried on by Ships of different Nations; of which, he believes, the Trading Ships of England, have their Share.

O11 his Arrival on the Gold Coast, he found from Dix-cove (which is the Fil'd Fort on the Coast) to Whidah, all the Forts belonging to the Royal African Company in a much better Situation than he expelled, from the miserable Condition he found Gambia in, though far shortof the Dutch and Danes) which he soon found was owing to the Leave the African Company had granted in the Beginning of the Year 1749 to Mr. Stockwelly their Governor, and Company to carry out Goods 0:1 their own Account, and trade for themselves, on Condition to maintain the Forts and Settlements belonging to the Roy<\\African Company* which were represented to be in lb miserable a Condition for want of Goods to trade with, that the Council at Cape Coast, which Mr. Stock well superceded, had applied for Goods to be sent out, or they lliould be obliged to abandon the Forts, as they declared to Captain Pye they mud inevitably have done, had not Mr. Stockwell and Company brought out Goods justr as they did.

But Captain Pye observes, that the Method took by Mr. Slockzvclly was, making the Remedy almost as bad as the Disease, as the chief of the Trade was with the French Ships, for which he had numerous Complaints from the English Ships trading on the Coad, thatitruined their Trade; and by the above Means the GuldCoaft had got into the Hands of the French; and when Captain Pt/eremonftrated to them the Consequence ofcarryingon that illicit Trade with the French Ships, so prejudicial for the Nation in general, they made for Answer, they were fenlibleof the Injury it did the Nation in general, promising to do so no longer till Supplies came out; but it Was their lad Effort; and that it was impodible by any other Method to maintain the heavy Expence that attended the keeping open the Forts and Settlements.

And upon inspebting the Report made by Captain Howe, of his Majesty’s Ship Glory, of the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements as inspected by him, between 23 July 1751, and 5 November following, being immediately after the Committee of African Merchants took possession of them.

Your Committee find the following Difference between Captain Howes's Report and Captain Baird's, w*ith respect to Gambia; viz. Captain Howe finds an Addition of 6 Officers upon the Lid, though several of them were absent from the Fort, and also an Addition of 8 Soldiers; and adds, that the Guns are all in bad Repair, 20 Barrels of Powder (out of 25) less than Captain Baird found there; the Provisions diminished, and the Fort in bad Repair.

With respect to Dixcove, Captain Howe takes no Notice of the 97 effective Men, with their Families, free People, which Captain Baird found there; but fays, that 11 of the Guns are in bad Repair.

And the Difference between Captain Howe's Report and Captain Jasper's, with respect to the Fort at Suc-cornice, is, that CaptainxIIozee found an Addition of Soldiers, and a Deficiency in the Caitle Slaves of 12 Men and 10 Women: That the Guns were all unfer-viceable; an Addition of about 800 Shot, and 400 lb. of Gunpowder; 6 Muskets, Bayonets, and Cartouch hoxes, ilh 300 Musket Ball, all in good Repair; and also an Addition of One Canoe.

The difference at Commenda is, Captain Howe found an Addition of q Soldiers: Says, the Guns are ail in bad Vol. 28.

Repair: He found there 200 lb. of Gunpowder, and One additional Canoe, and 8 additional Caiile Slaves.

At Cape Coast Cajlie Captain Howe reports to have found an Addition of 5 or 6 Soldiers; and fays, that 12 of the Guns are in bad Repair; a small Deficiency of SJiot: He also mentions, that there are in the Fort 1,000 lb. of Gunpowder, and a confjderable Quantity of Military Stores, and small Arms; but takes no Notice of their having any Vessels; but fays, the Fort is iti very indifferent Repair.

At Tantumquerry Captain Howe reports, a Deficiency of 6 People; that 15 of the Guns are in bad Repair; a considerable Additions of small Arms, and a Canoe; and the Fort wanting Repair.

The Guns at Winnehah, Captain Iloive fays, are all uriserviceable: That he found there 160 lb. of Gunpowder, but One Canoe, and that urderviceabie; the Fort very much out of Repair; the Walls cracked; all the Timber worm rotten.

At Accra are only 6 Guns, in good Repair; no Gunpowder; the small Arms in bad Repair; only 1 Canoe, very old; the outwalls of the Fort in general want little Repair, except the Platform facing the Sea, great Part of which is already fallen down, and the Remainder so much decayed that it will require to he rebuilt.

And your Committee observe, That Mr Justly Watson, who, by Direction of the Board of Ordnance, took a Survey of all the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa in 1755 and 1756, gives in his Reports the following Accounts with respect to the Situation and Condition of the several Forts, together with their Platforms, the Pra&icabihty of getting Materials upon the Coast necessary for the Repair thereof, and to the Quantity and Condition of Cannon in the several Forts; viz.

James Fort, Gambia, 1755:

The West and North circular Batteries, with the Battery between them, seem to be well situated for the Defence of the River, but are in a fad Condition; and the Want of proper Judgment in the first erecting of them, and the little Care that appears to have been taken of them since, has occasioned the Sea to undermine the Foundations, and several Parts of the said Batteries have already fallen down, and the rest likely to ftiare the same Fate in a little Time: That the Magazine, as far as he could observe, is the worst he ever met with, having neither Light nor Air: That there are no frefti Water Springs on the lstand, and but very little Provision for catching Rain Water, which might be saved in great Abundance: That the Fort might be made confulerably stronger than it is; and, when properly finished, might be kept up in good Repair at no very considerable Expence; and that, as the Situation is such as to command the whole Trade up the River Gambia, if it was properly kept up, he gives it as his Opinion, that it should be forthwith taken under proper Consideration.

And Mr. Watfony in his Letter to the Council at Gambia, 20 October, 1755, desires to know, if Building Materials can be procured on or near the lstand, and on what Terms, and whether any Handicraft Men can be procured thereabouts.

In answer to which, the Council at Gambia say, that all Building Materials may be had there, most of them upon very reasonable Terms; but that a few Vessels of 7 or 8 Tons each, will be absolutely necessary for the Purpose of gathering Oyster Shells, to make Lime: That there is Stone in Plenty; Timber is to be had, but with some Difficulty, it being situated in-land, for which Reason it would be necessary to have some Sort of Wheel Machine, which will not only save Time but Imposition; Clay is to be had at the neighbouring Shore, very proper for making Bricks, Straw always at hand, and Plenty of Wood; but proper People must be sent to make them, there being none in those Parts; what few there are who have any Judgment that Way belong to the Fort: That there are no Handicrafts Men to be had in those Parts.

Cannon at James Fort, Gambia:

58, from 1 to 24 Pounders, whereof 33 are service-

abie;

African. 1 Forts and Settlements.

276 8° Junit. 1758.

African able; several of the Carriages afe Unserviceable, and the v Y's and rest in tolerable Repair. ’

'* The Platforms in many Places in Ruins, the rest iri tolerable Repair.

N° 2. William's Fort, Whid ah, December 175^:

In a most wretched and ruinous Condition, not deferring the Nnmeofa Fort; is 3 Miles in-land from the Sea; the* Anchorage pretty good; the Landing One of the word in the World, Ships being obliged sometimes to lie or 5 Weeks before any Person can get alhore, or any Boat can go off to them; Distance 850 Yards from a Popfugtte/e Fort, and 425 Yards from a French Fort: The French were erecting a Building within their Fort, of Bricks made there: The Governor of Williams Fort informed Mr. Waf/on. that a suficient Quantity of Bricks might be made there for the Building and Repair of the Fort: That Sand and fresh Water may be got within a Quarter of a Mile of the Fort, and a suficient Quantity of good Timber within Miles, if they had People to work it, and fetch it; but they are in want of Slaves and Artificers of all Sorts.

Cannon at Williams Fort, Whidah:

35. Five of which only are serviceable, and Two of those difmOLinted; 4 Brass Cohorns, unserviceable; 8 of the Gun Carriages good, the rest unserviceable; the Platforms in general in bad Condition.

N° 3. Vernon Fort, Prampram, January 17/56:

A very small irregular, insignificant Fort, of no manner of Strength; the Walls in tolerable Condition to outward Appearance, and Ground suficient to enlarge the Fort, if the Trade of the Place would answer; forrie-times very difficult to land there; a good Cistern, which contains Water suficient for the Use of the Fort; Plenty of Stone, Sand, and Shells to make Lime: Mortar made of it as good as can be deftred: This Fort subservient to James Fort; Accra about 12 Leagues to Windward of this.

Cannon at Vernon Fort, Prampram:

Seven, from Half Pounders to 3 Pounders, all unserviceable; never was any thing in a more miserable and 'ruinous Condition than the Guns and Carriages at this Place; the Platforms very flight, and can’t bear heavy Guns.

N° 4. James Fort, Accra, January 1756:

In but indifferent Condition; the Front of the lower Battery, next the Sea,isfallenriown,and Partof the Platform of Oneof the Baftionsis fallen in; within657 Yards, ofaZh/fc/i Fort, and 2 Milesof a, DaniJhor\e\ the Landing Sometimes is very indifferent; it is impossible to ascertain the true Condition of the Walls, for as they are plaistered over with Mortar and white-washed, any Defects are thereby hid; but, by the Sample of the Wall of the lower Battery, it feemsas if they were all built in the same Manner, without any Mortar used in the Inside, but instead thereof nothing but loomy Earth, which will never bind; fresh Water is very fcarceiti dry Seasons: As the Trade is pretty good at Accra, the Fort ought to be kept in a respectable Condition; the Magazine should be arched; the Fort wants a Supply of good Guns and Carriages; Shells for Lime to be got at Accra or Prampram, in any Quantit y, and Wood for burningitto be had in any Quantity; Stone, and Sand, good, and in Abundance, to be got, near the Fort, with little Trouble; Cocoa-nut Trees, fit for making Joists, to be had at Accra, in any Quantity. Cannon at James Fort, Accra:

40. only One of which is serviceable; Carriages most of them unserviceable; the Platforms in general pretty good, except One, which fell in about 7 Months ago. N° 5. Winnebah Fort, January 1756:

In Appearance in pretty good Order; but, as the Walls are plaistered over and white washed, any Defects are thereby hid; the Landing but indifferent; the Magazine without Air or L’ght; there is a Cistern in the Fort, but it is out of Order; a Spring about a Mile from the Fort; the Platforms being over the Store Rooms, the Firing of the Cannon ilvakcs the Building; as the Trade is pretty good, and the Natives frequently troublesome, it is re-quisite to keep this Fort in good Condition.

And the President of Cape Coaji Castle, in a Letter to Mr. Wation, date^I 18 March 17.56, fays. That there is Stone plenty at a small Distance from the Fort, and Shells for Lime in pretty large Quantities, if the Negroes could be got to work at the Times they arc wanted, which is very difficult to prevail on them to do: That there is also Sand but he never heard of any Bricks being made there; and as the Materials for making them are the same as in other Places upon the Coast, consequently they would prove as bad as they have done at other Places w here the Experiment has been tried: That there is Timber for Joists, of about 16 or 18 Foot Long, to be had at about 3 or Miles Distance froni the Fort: That about 3 Years ago a whole Company of Soldiers were employed in bringing down about 40 of them, which they were 3 or Months in doing: A freili Water River about an English Mile off.

Cannon at Winnebah:

18, Two of which only are serviceable; the Carriages in general pretty good; the Platforms in a middling Condition.

N° 6 Tantumquerry Fort, February 1756:

Believe the Walls are in very indifferent Repair; but the Cracks being hid with Plaister and White-walh, makes the Fort look as if it was in good Condition, whereas the Inside of the Walls may be very defective; the firing of the Guns greatly affe6lsthe whole Building; the Magazine has neither Light nor Air; the Cistern is very indifferent; the Landing Place indifferent, and sometimes very dangerous; the Trade here being pretty good, the Fort ought to be kept in go>d Condition, the Natives being sometimes troublesome.

The Chief of the Fort informed Mr. Watson, That Stone, in any Quantity, the same as the Fort is built with, may be procured about a Quarter of a Mile of; a Hill, called Tanturn Point, being an inth^iVLtfs-of it, and the Expence of getting it not very considerable; Materials for making Bricks in the Neighbourhood of the Fort; but all that he has ever seen were so soft, crumbly, and susceptible of Moisture, that he thinks a Mud Wall, would be more durable: Lime to be had, but at a great Expence and Difficulty: When lie repaired the Fort, 12 or 14 Months ago, he was obliged to fend 6 Leagues, to Winnebah, for Cockle Shells, which are generally to be had there in Abundance, and at 15.?. a Hogsliead: That there is a Place at about 3 Leagues to Windward, where O.yfter Shells used to be collected for repairing the Fort; but cannot he got, on account of the Surf, except about Christmas: Frelh Water may.be had almost all the Year round: The Timber is chiefly Iron Wood; is esteemed the most serviceable of any in that Country, and may be ent in considerable Quantities at about 2 Miles off, the Expence of transporting it fora Joist, of about 18 Feet long and 8 Inches square, will not exceed Two or Three Gallons of Corn Spirits: No Handicrafts Men; but Labourers may be had from amongst the Town’s People for a Quart of Corn Brandy each per Diem.

Cannon at Tantumquerry Forts 18, only 2 of which are good; the Carriages in general unserviceable; the Platforms in middling Condition.

N° 7. Annamaboe Fort, March 1756:

Is well situated, and commands the Road, where the Ships lie very well; the Landing in loine Places is very bad, but that nearest the Fort is the bell; the Fort is not fmished; fresh Water appeared to be very fearce; the Ground allotted to build a French Fort on, at about 350 Yards Eastward of our Fort, has a very ordinary Landing; it is intirely commanded by us: That there are Mills much nearer to that Spot, which intirely command it; and he does not think so large a Fort can be built thereas the English One: The Natives of Annamaboe are the most infoleut of any upon the whole Coast, and the French continually endeavouring to make Encroachments; and therefore, as the Trade is very considerable,the Fort ought to be completed as soon as possible: That the Irregularity of One of the Bullions wasoccafioned by the Averfionof the Nativestohaving any Fort built^t all, and

to

J i‘Geo. II. 8 0 Junii.277

to their Superliilion with rfcgard to a Burying Place; that Coajl Castle to Mr. Watson, dated to March 1756, upon African he could not fee To proper and convenient a Spot, in all a Representation from Mr. Wafjon, that Annamaboed ood Accounts, for building the Fort as where it now frauds; in need of Lime, That a Quantity of Lime designed for, e cn that it could not go further towards the Sea, on Account and much wanted at, Cape Coajl Castle, was conveyed, of some Rocks, which are sacred, and therefore the Na- by help of the lhnnbtr Man of War, which attended tives will not let them be touched; and it would be the Mr. Watson, to Annamaboe; that every Expedient should ntmost Folly to undeceive them in that Particular; the be used^that appeared most conducive in furnishing Work already executed is done in a solid, good, substan- Country Materials for carrying on the Work at Anna-tial Manner, and what no Person, under whose Direction maboe, notwithstanding t he many Difficulties and Obit has been performed, need he affiamed of; it appeared ftacles that they foresaw in every Scheme yet thought of, from Mr. Apperley the Engineer’s Letter to Mr. Wat fan, besides the very great Expences necessarily attending,

March 17, 1756, that many Difficulties and Delays were especially as they should have no Vessel for the Trans* made by the Natives when the Fort was begun to be portation of what Materials were to be procured, built, in March 1753, insomuch, that, as Mr. Watson And Mr. Watson, in his Letter to the Council at Cape observes, it was the 18th of August following before the Coajl Castle, March n, 1756, expresses his Approbation Foundation could be laid; and Mr. Apperley assured of their Resolution to exert themselves to the utmost of Mr. Watson, that the Natives afterwards obstructed the their Abilities in assisting Annamaboe with what Country Building by throwingdown the Walls when or 5 Feet Materials may be wanting, and he is sure they will meet . high, and breaking his Instruments; that those Proceed- with due Applaufeat Home on that Account; and gave ings often flopped the'Work, and occasioned Pallavers, it as his Opinion, that if the French were to get Footing i. e. Disputes and Conferences to be held, where, if we at Annamaboe, or that the Fort should by Treachery be would gain our Point, we mud expend great Quantities seized, in its then defenceless Condition, and given up of Liquors, &V. all which helped to prolong the Time to the French, they would soon drive the English out of and heighten the Expence; besides which, the Work was Cape Coajl Castle. frequently (lopped for want of Materials, especially Lime; Cannon at Annamaboe:

that there is no working in the rainy Season, so that 15, all serviceable; the Carriages flight and ordinary,

Mr. Watson was surprised to find so much Work carried and will soon be unserviceable; Platforms, only Part of on, in so good a Manner; and said, that with regard to One laid.

the great Expence already accrued in erecting the Fort, N° 8. Cape Coajl Castle, March 17^6;

it has arisen chiefly from the Freight of Materials, which The Castle is a very odd irregular Figure, not con-runs very high thereabouts, and in fncli Particulars, such fi r 11 ded on any Principles of Fortification, and of no as Bricks, Lime, 8Cc. The Freight and landing them on considerable Strength; is very much crowded, which the Coast of Guinea, comes to near Three times the makes it very sickly, nor can it be enlarged any thing Prime Coll in England, so that jf.ioo worth of Bricks considerable; the Magazine is without Air or Light; in England, will coil near £.300 more, when they are there are Two good Cisterns in the Cofile, and plenty landed at Annamaboe; and Mr. Watson was informed of freffi Water in the Garden; the Landing-place is that the original Estimate was calculated, as if the Fort reckoned one of the befi, but is very indifferent at was to have been built within 40 Miles of London; that feme Times; the Walls oF the Castle in general are he is of Opinion, that some Method might be pitched. built with Earth, Mortar within-side, and appear in upon to lessen the very great Expence of Freight of many Places decayed and ruinous, and would be of Materials, and hopes the foregoing Reasons for the Buil- very indifferent Strength even if the p re fen t Works ding of the Fort being retarded, and for encreasing the were in the befi Repair; it has very little Defence to-Expence, wall in some Measure belatisfaftory. wards the Sea, so that Ships may lav before it, and soon

The English had formerly a Fort at Aggta, about a reduce it to a heap of Rubbiffi, and the Castle could not Mile from Annamaboe, and continue to pay £.6 per bring above Three or Four trifling Gilns to bear upon Annum Rent, as Acknowledgment of Right of Posses- them; that he thinks the Castle might be made much (ion, of which there is now no visible Remains; there is stronger than it is, if too much Objection would not a good Landing-place, and if a small Work like a Re- be made to the Expence; one Particular ought to be doubt was built there, it would prevent the French seriously observed, which is, that the Dutch principal settling betwixt that Place and Annamaboe. Fort is within Three Leagues of Cape Coajl Castle,*

And Mr. Apperley, the Engineer, acquainted Mr. which he was informed they keep up in the heft Order Wafjon by Letter, dated 25 April 1756, That there are and Repair, and therefore he observes Cape Coajl Castle plenty of Rocks of Stone about the Fort, but are all ought to be kept up in the bell and moll respeflable Fettiffies; that there are other Rocks in the Buffi with- Condition possible, in order to guard agaiull any future out the Town, about 1,400 Yards from the Fort, which Alteration of Affairs that may happen between the the Natives had agreed to let him quarry for some Time; Dutch and us; and he recommends it to have the Castle that the Stone is very good, and a great deal of it, if rendered more airy and commodious for the Preservation the Natives would let us continue at it; no Lime to be of Healths and Lives, for at present it is almost a cer-got nearer than Winnebah or Dixcove, from the latter of tain Grave for those that go to reside there; and he ob-which Places it may be got in large Quantities, at about serves, that the Castle is in a ruinousCondition, and re-40.?. per Ton; no Materials on the Coast fit for making quires thorough repairing; but as it is possible some Schcme Bricks, for inside, or any other Kind of Work; that those may be fixed on for rendering it more strong and defen-he had used, which he found there, are crumbled away, fible, headvrfes, that till further Information is received though covered, by the Dampness of the Weather. from England, that only the absolute necessary Repairs And by a Letter, dated 6 March 1756, from Mr. Ap- lliould be done, to prevent superfluous Etf pence. perley to Mr. Watson, it appears. That he had wrote to Mr. Senior, Chief of Dixcove, in his Letter ,6 February Mr. Bell, Governor of Cape Coajl Castle, about fending 1756, to the Council at Cape Coajl, fays, That almost the down the last Cargo of Lime that the Company’s Sloop whole Spur of the Fort at Dixcove js built with Country had brought from Dixcove, and landed at Cape Coajl Brick, which, whilst well covered with Tarras, will an-Castle, for that he should be idle iq or 11 Months unless fvver as well as those from Europe; that he knows of no he obtained it; and desiring Mr. Watson to second his Expence that will attend gathering and burning Lime-Remonstrance, as one Word from him would prevail fione, making Bricks, and shipping them, provided they more than all his, Mr. Apperley's, Letter; Sand in great have Slave Canoemcn, than that of Tools and Sublift-Plenty within 100 Yards of the Fort, not in the leall ence, as they may live very well for 6s. each per Month brackiffi, and fit to mix with Lime to make Mortar; at farthest.

no Timber on that Part of the Coast fit for building; And Mr. Andreevs, in his Letter to Mr. Watson, dated

great Plenty of fresh Water. Cape Coajl Castle, 24 April, fays, That great Quantities'

And it appears by a Letter from the Council at Cape of Bricks were formerly made there; but Experience has Yol. 28. 4 B llievvn

278 #° Junii. A. 1758.

African shewn* that,- when uncovered, they will not stand rough Place as where Mr. IVdtfon propoles the new Fort to dement a. leather, and soon crumble away, and that the Expence be built, intirely commands all the Ground whereon of making them is excessive; that Stone, blown up with our present Fori Hands, it would frnstrate any Attempts Gunpowder/is the common Material made use of in to destroy it, when reduced only to a Battery, and the Repairs of that Fort; that Lime or Timber are not consequently by that Means our Interest with the Na-to be found there, ah they have comes from Dixcove; tives would be augmented, as they are naturally in-Sand- and frelli Water fuffreient. . dined to that Side which seems the stron&eft:

Cannon at Cape Coast Cajilc:

62, Twenty-eight of which are good, though Five of them are dismounted, Three in middling Order; the Carriages fomegood,so#ieunserviceabIe; the Platforms >n middling Condition.

N° 9. Commenda Fort, April 1756:

In very indifferent Repair; there are'fwa considerable Breaches in the main Wall, and several Cracks and Bulges in the other Parts; the Mortar goes in but a very little way, and loomy Earth is used instead of Mortar, which never binds or makes a Cement; the East Curtain was begun tube carried up, which he presumes had fallen down, but they left off when Annamaboe Fort was first begun; the Magazine is very small, and without Light or Air; the Fort might be greatly enlarged if thought proper; the word Particular there is the Landing, which hi general is but very indifferent; it is much nearer the jDutch Fort than ours, so that they have it in their Power to annoy us with small Anns in Landing; and Mr. Wat-fan was informed, that they have had sundry Disputes and Conferences on that Subject with our Chief, and want greatly to exclude usof the Privilege of landing the re, which if they effect, our Fort will differ greatly, hs the Shore thereabouts is rocky and very bad.

And it was Mr. Watson's Opinion, That the English Fort ffrould be kept up, as it is not only near the Dutch principal Settlement of Elviina, but also about 587 Yards Distance from their Fort at Commenda:

Sufficient Quantities of Stone may be got near the Fort; neither Lime Stones, nor Shells, to be found there; blit there is at present a large Quantity of Oyf-ter and Cockle Shells, which were brought in the iate Company’s Vessels from Whmebah, in 1747 and 1748; no other Sand to be got near the Fort, but what is gathered off the Sea Beach, and which has been usually made use of to mix with Lime for Mortar; no Bricks made there; but such as have hitherto been made use of at that Place, have been brought either from Cape Coast Castle, or Dixcove; Plenty of Frefli Water; no Timber to be had nearer than Dixcove, or else 8 or 9 Miles in-land, which would be attended with very considerable Expence; small Joists for light Flooring might be got thereof proper Hands could be procured to hew and saw them; that as the Fort is in several Places in a ruinous Condition, the Repair of it muff be referred to future Resolutions from England.

Cannon at Commenda:

44, Twelve of which are good, Two dismounted, One middling, and the rest unfervieeabte; the Carriages, for the most Part, unserviceable; the Platforms, in general, bad. Two of them being in Ruins.

N° 10. Succondcc Fort, April 1756:

Is in such a dismal ruinous Condition, as to be quite irreparable, and nothing but rebuilding can answer any End, the Foundation being of a loose,landy Nature, intermixed with Stones of the same Quality; the violent Rains waft away the loose Ground, and the Stones follow, so that in a few Years more, most of the Fort will be carried away, or* more properly speaking, fallen down; but if the Trade was considerable enough, a new Fort ftould be erected, and there is a very proper Spot for that Purpose on a Hill, about 3 or 400 Yards to the North Eastward, which commands our present Fort, and in such a same might be reduced to a good ftroug Battery, and would be serviceable on several Accounts: ift. It would be a good Store Magazine for the Reception of such Materials as must be collected towards building a new Fort: 2dly. It would be a ftroug Testi-Tnorty of our Right of of Possession: 3dly. It would be a great Preservative to our Landing Place: And 4thly. It would be a ftroug Check upon the Dutch; forr as the

And he believed many more Reasons might be offered to prove the Advantage we ftould have in building a new Fort; the Landing Place at this Fort is fovery safe, that in his Opinion, we fhottld not quit our Possession on any Account; but he afterwards gave it as his Opinion, that for the present, and until some Resolution is taken on that Plead, the only thing to be done was, to secure the Barracks from faffing in, to the Danger of the Soldiers Lives; the Magazine is excessive small, and very bad, without Air or Light; the Fort might to be rebuilt, as i t is within MulketShot of a Dutch Fort, which is both stronger, and in a great deal better Order than ours; neither Lime nor Timber to be had nearer than Dixcove; Bricks might be made there, but it is believed they would prove bad; plenty of fresh: Water:

Cannon at Succondce Fort:

29, Eighteen w’hereof are serviceable; the Carriages in middling Condition; the Platforms very ordinary.

Nfc 11. Dixcove Fort, May 175b,

Appears outwardly in good Order; is situated on a rifrng Ground, in a Cove or Bay, between 2 and 300 Yards wide, where small Vessels may careen, and a very good Landing Place; the Magazine like all the others* without Air or Light; this Fort ought to be kept up and supported in the best Manner possible, it being from hence that most of our other Forts get Lime and Timber for their sundry Repairs, and if this Fort is neglected, the others mull suffer greatly; as Lime isfcarce in this Part of the World, some Steps ftould be taken towards settling the Right of the English to Atchumah, a Village about a League to the We ft ward of Dixcove, that in case the last mentioned Place should be exhausted of Lime Stone, we might not be deprived of the only Place we can get it at besides, which is Atchumah; this is a Circuinftance highly deserving Consideration, as it will have great Weight with the Natives, for if we have really a Right to the Village of Atchumah, as by our keeping the Caboceers there in the Committee’s Pay, it seems we have, notwithstanding which, the Chief of Acqueda fends and takes the Inhabitants Fift, Fowls, &c. and in every Respect acts there the same as at any Dutch Village; the Negroes are continually making Complaint to the Chief, but all he can do is to make them as easy as possible, by telling them, they may be affurecl the Dutch will be obliged to quit all Claim to that Village very stortly; Stone and Sand to be had at Dixcove; our not supporting, but neglecting them, will not only induce them, but those at other Places, to leave us and fly to the Dutch, who are continually on every Occasion bringing on Disputes with the English at Dixcove; and Mr. Senior the Chief, in his Letter to Mr. lVatfony fays, he imagines that 60 Men Slave* might be able to get near 2000 Iiogftieads of Lime in a Twelve-month:

Timber fit for building at about Four Miles from Dixcove, which it is imagined the English have a Right to; but the Dutch keep the Natives in Awe, so that we are deprived of any Benefit therefrom.

Cannon at Dixcove Fort:

24. Four of which are serviceable, Two in a middling Condition, and the rest un serviceable; the Carriages for the most Part, are in a middling Condition; the Platforms most of them good:

Upon the Whole, Mr. Walfon adds, that in the present Condition of our Forts upon the Coast of Africa, Three or Four Men of War of 40 Guns each, might take every one of the Forts with ease, and dispossess us of all our Settlements in that Part of the World:

It appears by a Letter from Mr. Andrexvs, the Secretary at Cape Coast Castle, dated 31 January 1756, that the Officers and Servants on the Coast, were directed by the

African

3 i Geo. II.

*79

African Committee, to give Mr. Waffon all the A(Tifiance and Information in their Power, and from several Letters it appears, That they required M r. IFatfvn to leave Directions at each Fort, what Repairs were neeeffrirv:

Your Committee, in the next place, proceeded to take into Consideration the Return made by Captain Weller, of his Majesty’s Ship the AJiftance, to Mr. Clevland, dated May zi, 1757, melding the State and Condition of the several Forts and Settlements on the Coafi of Africa, as folio wet h; viz.

Winnebah, inspecied 15 December 1756, by Captain Weller:

Four Officers; Castle Slaves,6Men, 4 Women; 18 Guns, from 2 to 6 Pounders, all in bad Repair; 250 round Shot of Sizes; 70 Hand Granado Shells, 200 lb. of Gunpowder; Military Stores, and Small Arms, 2 Spunges, 6 Muskets; Vessels none; Fort in tolerable Repair.

James Fort, River Gambia, inspected 13 July 1756, by Captain Weller:

Fifteen Officers, 13 Soldiers; Castle Slaves, 22 Men, 16 Women, 8 Boys, and OneGirl; 55 Guns,from 1 to 24 Pounders, One whereof in bad Repair, and 20 unmounted; 1,996 Shot; 30 Hand Granado Shells; 800lb. of Gunpowder; Military Stores to Cannon, Two 24 Pounders Ladles and Screws; Four D° 12 Pounders, OneD* 6 Pounder, Two 6 Pounder Screws, 20 Hand-spikes for band 12 Pounders; Military Stores and small Arms, 4 8 Muskets, 17 Bayonets, 17 Swords, 17 Car touch Boxes, One Captain’s Pike, One Halbert, and One Drum; Vessels, 2 large Longboats, One Barge, condemned; the Fort in tolerable good Repair.

James Fort, Accra, inspected 17 December 1756, by Captain Weller;

Nine Officers, Artificers, &c. CafileSlaves, 14 Men, 15 Women, 5 Boys, 4 Girls; 36 Guns, from 3 to 18 Pounders, 31 of which are in bad Repair; 787 Shot, 101 Hand Granado Shells, 500 lb. of Gunpowder; Military Stores, 9 Formers, bad; 2 Ladles, bad; 6 Rammers, bad; 4 priming Wires, good; 3 Powder Horns, bad; 29 Lead Aprons, good; One Halbert, 8 Muskets* bad; 8 Cartouch Boxes, 8 Bayonets, bad; One Drum; Vessels, One thirteen-hand Canoe; the Fort in tolerable good Repair, except the Sea Battery, which is bad.

Commenda, inspected 26 November 1756, by Captain Welle?':

Two Officers, One Molatto Gunner, Six Molatto Soldiers; CafileSlaves, 7 Men, 6 Women, 2 Boys, and 5 Girls; 46 Guns, from 1 to 12 Pounders, 15 of which are in good Repair, 24 in bad Repair, and 2 unmounted; 950 Shot; 13 Hand Granado Shells; 240 lb. of Gunpowder; Military Stores toCannon, Fourteen 12Pounder Rammers, Fourteen D° Spunges, Fourteen D° Worms and Ladles, Twelve old Worms with Ladies of Sizes; Two Powder Horns, Five Priming AVires, Two Iron Crows, and 30 Lead Aprons; Military Stores and small Arms, One Halbert, One Sword, Eight-Muskets, Eight Bayonets, Four Cartouch Boxes, unserviceable; and One Drum 5 Vessels, none; the Fort in general in very bad Repair, and several Breaches.

Whidah, inspected 23 December 1756, by Captain Weller:

Three Officers; Castle Slaves, 45 Men, 36 Women, 14 Boys and Six Girls; 35 Guns, from 1 to 9 Pounders, about Half of which are good; 970 Shot; 100 lb. of Gunpowder; Military Stores to Cannon, Four Formers, Five Spunges, Five Worms, 29 Aprons; 12 Belts, 18 Powder Horns, 5 Cartouch Boxes, 5 Swords, all bad; Military Stores and Small Arms, 15 Muskets, in bad Repair; 160 lb. of Lead Ball, good; Vessels, One thirteen-hand Canoe; Fort in very bad Repair, for want of Artificer s and Slaves.

Dixcove, inspected 18 November 1756, by Captain Weller:

Four Officers; One White Soldier, Three Molatto D°, Four Black Freemen; CafileSlaves, 15 Men, 15 Women; 26 Guns, from 1 to 9 Pounders, 16 of which are in bad Repair; 33oShot; Military Stores to Cannon,

Voi,. 28.

Two Worms, Cine Ladle; Military Stores and small AfMctfi Arms, 6 Muskets, 6 Bayonets, One Halbert, and One Forls and Drum; Fort in good Repair. Se,lem*uU'

Tantumquerry, inspecied 14 December 1756, by Cap. tain Weller:

Five Officers; Two Artificers, 8c. CafileSlaves, 4 Men, 5 Women; 14 Guns, from 2 Pounders to 9 Pounders; 250 Shot; 500 lb. of Gunpowder; Military Stores to Cannon, 2 Rammers; small Arms, 6 Muskets in bad Repair; Fort in bad Repair.

Cape Coafi Castle, inspected 27 November 1756, by Captain Weller:

Twenty-twoOfficers, Eight W hi te Soldiers, 9 Molaf to D°; CafileSlaves, 75 Men, 81 Women, 50 Boys, 20 Girls: 60 Guns, from 1 to 12 Pounders, 15 whereof are in bad Repair, and unserviceable; 4*500 Shot from t to 18 Pounders; Five Hand Granado Shells; Gunpowder,

16 Half Barrels, and 22 Quarter, Barrels; Stores for Cannon, 13 Worm Rammers for 12 Pounders, 2 Ladles D*, 10 Rammers and Worms for 9 Pounders, Five D° for 6 Pounders, Three Ladles for 6 Pounders, Four Worms and Rammers for 3 Pounders, Three for 1 Pounder, Five Ladles for 1 Pounder, 11 Horns, 10 Priming Wires, and 12 Spunges of Sorts; small Arms,

49 Muskets, 47 Bayonets, 19 Swords, 20 Sword Belts,

One Pike, One Partizan, Six Halberts, Four Drums, 47 Cartouch Boxes, all in good Repair; Vessels, One Schooner 12 Tons, One seventeen hand Canoe, Two fifteen-hand D°, One eleven-hand D* half worn, Two thirteen-hand D°, Two seven-hand D° half worn. Two five-hand D° half worn; Fort in bad Repair.

Succondee, inspected 24 November 1756, by Captain Weller:

Eight Officers, Four Black Freemen; CafileSlaves, 6 Men, 4 Women; 29 Guns from 1 to 9 Pounders, Four of which are in bad Repair, Two unserviceable, and 12 unmounted; 1115 Shot; 30 Bags of Partridge Shot;

70 Hand Granado Shells; no Gunpowder; Stores for Cannon, 16 Worms, 9 Powder Horns, 8 Priming Wires*,

One Cohorn fixed. One D° broke and unfixed; One Piece of Sheet Lead; no Military Stores, small Arms, or Vessels; the Fort in bad Repair, and some Part in Ruins.

Vernon Fort vxFrampram, inspected 17 December 1756* by Captain Weller;

Four Officers; 2 Artificers, 3fc.; 7 Guns, from 1 to 3 Pounders; 71 Shot; 100 lb. of Gunpowder; no Military Stores to Cannon; Stores and small Arms, Three Muskets and Three Bayonets, bad; Fort in bad Repair*

Amiamaboe, inspected 12 December 1756, by Captain Weller:

Three Officers; Two Artificers, Sic.; Castle Slaves,

34 Men, 7 Women; 15 Guns from 3 to 6 Pounders, iri good Repair; 150 Shot from 3 to 6 Pounders; 120 lb. of Gunpowder; Military Stores to Cannon, Two Spunges, Two Rammers; Vessels, One seven-hand Canoe; Fort building.

Bailee Island, in the River Sierra Leonei inspected 14 Augitft 1756, by Captain Weller:

Fifteen Officers; 18 White Men, Artificers, Sic.*,

12 Seamen; Castle Slaves, 60 Men, 16 Women, 13 Boys, 4 Girls; 28 Guns from 2 to 9 Pounders, in good Repair; 900 Shot; 30 Barrels of Gunpowder; Stores to Cannon, 12 Nine Pounder Ladles, 8 Three Pounder D°, and Spunges for the Whole; Military Stores and small Arms, 60 Muskets, 60 Bayonets, 60 Swords, 20 Pair of Pistols, 60 Cartouch Boxes for Muskets, 20 D® for Pistols, all in good Repair; Vessels, One of 40 Tons,

Two of 25 Tons, One of 20 Tons, One of 15 Tons, One of 10 Tons; the Fort in good Repair.

Y'our Commitee being desirous to know what Repairs have been done to the several Forts and Settlements, by Order of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, called for ail Advices received by the said Committee, from their Officers on the Coafi, of the Repairs done to their several Forts, from the Time the said Committee had Possession of them: And,

280 8° Junii. 1758.

African Air. Melvil, in his Letter, dated Ccfpc Coafi Castle,

Fo'ts and juiy 23d, 1751, advised, That *»s soon as Ml*.Slater, the Settlements. survey0r> was WeJI, they should proceed lo make Estimates of what was wanting at all the Forts; and like-wife what the Re-building of Annamaboe would cost, /hould that ever become necessary:

And, August 26, 17/51, he lays, "Inclosed is Account " of what is wanting for the Repair of this Castle;" and observes, that it would be cheaper to fend Timber from England, than to cut it on that Coast, where they have no Horses:

And, in a Letter without Date, he fays, he had sent the Bricklayers to put Commenda into as good a State as their present Want of Slaves and Craft t o carry Materials would admit of; the Inhabitants of that Town being uneasy, upon the Report of the Shantees coming down, as the Fort was in Ruins:

And, 20 August 1752, he advised. That he had era- ployed all the Company's Slaves at Commenda; and that the Curtain Wall towards the Dutch, would be built up that. Season; that he wanted Fourteen 12 Pounders, with Carriages, for the new Platform, and the Two Bastions facing the Dutch Fort:

And, 24th of April 1753, he advises, that for the Pur-. pose of building the Fort at Annamaboe speedily, and to repair the others, which Hand greatly in need of it, the most effectual Way would be, to get Gambia Slaves for the labouring Part, and to have Four or Five complete TFadefmen to instru<5fc them 5 and fays, " We are " at present in a very distressed Situation here, with " Sickness and Guinea Worms; Two Bricklayers are " at Co?nmenda9 mending the Powder Room; which " otherwise mull fall thele Rains; One very old one,

" and our sick, One are here, and Five at Annamaboe,

" which is our whole Stock fit for Labour; out of Four " Carpenters, Three are sick, or have Worms."

From the fame, dated July the 1 ft, 1753.

" Almost all our Bricklayers are sick; Commenda is u down, and so are Succondee and Dixcove 1 And, June io 1754, he fays, "Though they are out of Lime at Annamaboe, yet I can't get Bricklayers to " repair Winnebah, Succondee, and Commenda; Mr. Ap.

" perky tells me, That he has Employment for them at " Annamaboe; and I have the Board of Trade's Observations too well fixed in my Mind todifputeit, nor " indeed do I doubt his Word, though perhaps others " might begotto supplytheirPlaces in common Work:" And, by a Letter from James Skinner and Council, dated Gambia, James Fort, Feb. 28, 1752, it appeared, they were very busy in repairing the Fort, and had given the Slave House and Pantry, new Covers, and were busy with the Barracks, which would be done in a few Days: And from the same, dated June 12, 1752, it's said, That the Tank is finished, except the Covering, which they were then busy with.

Januar17 16, 1753, Mr. Skinner fays, he was obliged to buy Tar to make Pitch of it to lay 011 the Slave House, Pantry, Guns, Craft, Stores, Kc. and March 31st, 1753, he fays, " We are now busy in making Doors for all the * Stores, and Windows for the Fort and^ Barracks." November 26th, 1753, He fays, That their Artificers: are busy in repairing the Fort, which was in bad Condition; but that it could not be carried on so expeditiously as was requisite, for want of more Mechanics; and hopes the Committee will send out, as soon as pofli-ble, a Bricklayer,. Mason, and Two House Carpenters.

Mr. Robert Caulton, Surveyor at Gambia, in his Letter, dated James Fort, January 10^, 1756, acknowledges the Receipt of 10,000 Bricks, feme Flags for the Platforms, and Quarries for the long Room Floor, Deals, and Work- mens Tools; that the Bricks are not so well burned as he could wish, and the Quarries much damaged inCarriage; that the R.ooms on the Fort were secured from Rain; and he advises, that he had inclosed an Account of the Guns on the Fort; and the Condition of the Carriages; and what Number of new Carriages are wanting; and that if the African Committee fend him the Carpenters men,-7

tioned in his Indent, he can make Carnages there, more durable and Jess expensive, than in London; and the Reason hegives for saying more durable, is, because he can make them of Iron Wood, which the Bugga-bugs do not eat, and that hedoes not fee any English Wood they spare. From Mr. Robert Caulton, James Fort, June 25, 17 57.

" As soon as Captain Bostock arrived, not any Time " was loft in landing the Gun Carriages, mounting the " Guns on them, and repairing the other Carriages; I " have built a new Kuee*waII round the North-weft Half " Moon, and raised it, and laid new Platforms, which is " to the Satisfaction of every one who fees it; I have " made good one of the Tanks, as also the most necessary " Repairs before the Rains."

In a Letter from Tobias Liste Esquire, and Council, dated James Fortr Feb. 5, 1756, it is said, " We-have " beeii as industrious as the Number of our Craft and " People would admit of, in procuring Oyster Shells, " Wood, S(c. and have now 16 Hogsheads of Lime ready " on the Tradesmen’s Arrival; and by that Period, are " hopeful we shall have suficient of Sand and other Materials, so as some considerable Progress may be made " before the ensuing rainy Season, though even then it " will in a great Measure depend upon the Hands sent " out, and the Enjoyment of their Healths."

And, in a Letter, dated April 5th, 1756, it is said, We have made a tolerable Progress in replacing several " old and decayed Beams, filled up and plaistered good " Part of the inner Waifs, and have further procured and " prepared Oyster Shells, to the Amount of 20 Hogsheads and upwards of Lime, which is now ready 5 are " setting about procuring Clay and other Alaterialsfor " completing the Tank."

From the fame, dated James Fort, January 26, 1757. " All the Works within the Gates are in very good Order, and in a little Time can take upon us to say, there " will not be a Gun in the Place, but will be in Order, " and capable of doing Execution; for this we are much " beholden for the Carriages lately received by the Storeship; we are now preparing Lime and other Materials for laying the Platform on the South West Half " Moon without the Gates."

From the fame, dated April 28, 1757.

"We have just completed the South West Battery, "and have mounted thereon Two 12, and Two 24 " Pounders; this, with the thorough Repair of the South " East Bullion, confiding of Five 6, and One Four " Pounder, has greatly added to our Strength."

Charles Bell, Esquire, in his Letter, dated Cape Coafi Castle, 28 April 1756, fays, he is sorry, that for Want of a Hand or two, he is debarred proceeding any further in the Purchaseof a imall Vessel to carry Lime from Dixcove to Annamaboe, as none of Captain Scott's Men would stay upon the Coast:

And, in his Letter, 8 May 1756, he observes, he needs not repeat their approaching Distress at Annamaboe, where the final 1 Quantity of Lime is near out, and no Hopes of a Supply; that he makes no Doubt but the Committee will dispatch the Sloop as quick as possible, being fenlible how much her Assistance is necessary: And, September 1, 175.6, he fays, the Works at Anna-maboe, are dropped long ago, for want of Lime, which he can procure no Conveyance for, notwithstanding his repeated Endeavours; but was he able to fit out a Boat for Dixcove, lhe would meet with little Encouragement, the whole Lift of the Committee's Slaves at that Place not being equal to the laborious Task of Lime-picking, the most hazardous and destructive of any to their People; One of the Bastions at Succondee, with Eight Guns upon it, tumbled down to the Ground about Two Months ago; they bfc repairing it as well as they can; the Warehouse is very low, large Arrears due, and Expences as large as ever.

And, 10 October 1756, he fays, they have at lafi met with a small Schooner, which will answer the Purpose of carry in g Li me from Dixcove and Winnebah, t o A nnamaboe, for which they were to give Four Fantee Men Slaves:

And

3i Geo. If. 8 ' J281

Anri, in a Letter from the Captains-of English Vessels at Annamaboe, who took Shelter under the Guns of Cape Coajl Castle, when attacked by the French Squadron, to Clunks' Bell, Esquire, dated 11 February 1757, it is laid, 45 After returning to our Place of Trade, we beg Leave to return you our hearty Thanks for your Care and Vigilance in defending our Ships and Cargoes a gain 0; 44 aSquadron o {French Men of War, particularly for the early Intelligence you gave us of their Approach, andh u the Assistance you afforded in landing our Cargoes.

44 Your beating away th6 French, without damaging either Vessel or Craft under your Protection, has laved to the Nation at least £.30,000; and we arc the more surprized how you effected this, when we reflect on the Weakness of your Garrison, and how ill ftipplied; to remedy which, you borrowed out of each Ship as many Men, and as much Gunpowder, as could he spared; which we look upon as the greatest Conde- feension and Good will to your Country."

1 John Gordon, Signed I Sami JohnJbn, (Jos. Yozoart.

From Charles Belly Esquire, dated Cape Coajl Castle, February 13, 1757.

44 I have now the Satisfaction to inform you, that Mr. 44 Breiv hath got to live in the Fort at Annumaboe, with all the Whites and Company’s Slaves that belong to that Place; the Schooner Boat I purchased has been exceeding useful in carrying Lime from Dixcove and 44 JVinnebah, without which, the Works never could have been carried on in the Manner they have been of late; there are Seven Lodging Rooms finished; but that the want of Water in the Tank lays them still 4< open to the Mercy of the Natives."

From the fame, April 23, 1757.

44 The Lime and Bricks received by the Scipio, were landed at Annamaboe; we have a sufficient Quantity of Bricks here for the Reparation of this Fort; and the Shallop Boat is now employed in bringing us Lime from Dixcove and JVinnebah; the Forts at Succondee and Commenda have been patched as well as our present Circumstances would allow; JVinnebah, Accra, 44 and Tantumquerrx), are all in a bad Way, and we are 41 doing all in onr Power to repair them; the Platform facing the Sea at Accra had fallen down, and Mr, 44 White had the good Fortune to procure him Two White Masons from the Governor of the/)tf«CaftIe, 44 and they, with the Assistance of the Negroes, have almost completely rebuilt it,"

From the fame, July 6, 1757.

44 Your Warehouse is alread}’ very low, which I dare fav,you will not wonder at, when you come to consider the great. Arrears that were due at the Time of the Scipio's Arrival; and also the more than ordinary Expence this Year occasioried by the Visit paid us by the French Men of War; besides the constant Expence of Annamaboe, the Reparations at Accra have also been expensive, but they were absolutely necessary; the South-weft Bastion facing the Sea, as well as the PJat- form, was obliged to be rebuilt; which has been ac- compl iflied by the Assistance of the Two White Masons we had of the Danes Governor.

44 Your Forts of Commcnda and Succondeey are both in a most wretched Condition, the latter indeed is irreparable, nor is the former in a much betterState; 44 the West Curtain facing the Town is fallen down by the Violence of the late Rains.";

The Platform at Annamaboe is now in a fair Way of being finished; but the Weather of late has been such, that it was difficult to turn to Windward with Lime, which has kept back the Work; I believe every Thing at that Place must be at a Stand after the Platform is finished, for there is no Person capable to carry on the Plan, as there are no References to it.

From the fame, September 20, 1757.

44 The Surveyor, and a great xNtimber of your Work-

Vol. 28.

" men, have l>eeq for fouaeTimeat Commcnda, ende-fc vouringfo patch up that Fort; they have filled up the 4i Breach in the West Curtain, which was very large*,

44 being near tin* whole Extent of it; I wifii, however*

44 it may Hand the next Rains; we have likewise done several neccOaryJobs, and I am doing all in my Power " still, in the Wav of Repair; Accra has had almost 44 a thorough Repair; and JVinnebah and Tantumqucny have had a Share; Annamaboe being now quite at a 44 stand for want of Lime, the Longboat which was fb " useful in fetching it, being unfortunately drove on Shore in the Night of the 15th of July."

And he observes, That the Fortifications on Danes Hill ought certainly to be repaired, and new Guns placed upon the Platforms; as to the Consequence of that Place, the Plan of Cape Coajl Castle, with which it is commonly included, must shew it.

From the fame, October 3, 1757.

44 The Workmen are still employed at Commenda; I 44 am hopeful they will be able to get the Platform facing the Dutch Fort complete, fa*far as to make it practi- cable to fire the Guns, which at present is not to be done; our greatest Difficulty will be want of Lime, as it is so tedious bringing it from Dixcove in Canoes,

44 which is the only Method we have left."

And your Committee called for an Account of the Number of White Men and Black Servants employed by XheAfrican Committee, at all the Forts upon the Coast of Africa, except Annamaboe, with the Account of their several Salaries, in Coast and Sterling Money, together with the Amount of the Quit-rents, Presents, and other Payments,made to the Natives upon Account of the said Forts, for Four succeeding Years; likewise the Charges paid in England, upon all the Goods sent to the Coast of Africa, and the Amount of the Stores sent out, exclusive of Goods, for Payment of Salaries, and for AnnamaboCy for Four succeeding Years.

In Obedience to which Order, the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa delivered to your Committee, a Paper, indorsed, An Account of the Number of White Men and Black Servants employed by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, at all the Forts upon the Coast of Africa, except Annamaboe, with the Amount of their several Salaries in Coast and Sterling Money, together with the Amount of the Quit-rents, Presents, and other Payments, made to the Natives upon Account of the said Ports for Pour fuc--ceeding Years; likewise the Charges paid in England, upon all the Goods sent to the Coast of Africa, and the Amount of the Stores sent out, exclusive* of Goods, for. Payment of Salaries, and for Annamaboe, for Pour succeeding Years:

Which Paper has the following Titles to different Parts of it on the Inside; viz.

Amount of the several Salaries to White Men and Black Servants, together with the Amount of the several Quit-rents, Presents, and other Payments made to the* Natives, on Account of all the Forts on the Coast of 1 Africa, except Annamaboe, as extracted from the Books sent from Cape Coajl Castle, and the other Forts to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, for Years, ending June 30, 1755.

The Number of White Men and Black Servants employed by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, at all the Forts upon the Coast of Africa, except Annamaboe, for Four succeeding Years; diitiriguishing each Year.

Amount of Charges paid in England, on Goods and Stores sent by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, to their several Ports there, for Years; under which Head is comprized Package, Custom-house Charges, Freight, insurance. Advance Money to Officers and Soldiers, their Railages,'fife.

Amount of the Stores lent by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, exclusive of Charges thereon, for the Support of the several Fort# there for Years.

4C AMOUNT

A (Heart

Forts and Settlements.

African Fort* and Settlement*.

281 8° Junii. J. 1758.

AMOUNT of the several Payments made by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to

Africa, on an Average of Years, taken from the Accounts annexed.

For the several FORTS upon the Gold Coast. Go4d Price for Years. Sterling for Years, at 100 per Cent, On an Average for x Year.

Accidental Charges WJiite Men’s Salaries - - - 1.457 24,679 728 12,339 182 3,0*4 15

Slave Price for Years. Sterling for Years, at 300 per Cent.

Black Men’s Pay - - -Cadle Slaves - Canoe Men and Labourers Hire -Ground Rent and Water Cudom - -Presents and Dalhees -Vessels, Craft, Palavres, Sick, £fc. - - -Cadle Stores used - - 2.115 9,762 1,879 1,282 6,138 *,643 531 2,440 4% 320 *»534 410 4,486 132 610 117 80 383 102 1,121 15 5 10 10 10

JAMES FORT, Gambia. Sterling, at 200per Cent.

White Men’s Salaries - - - * Black Men’s Pay - Presents and Dalhees - Vessels, Craft, Palavres, Sick, fife. - Stores 4,304 222 581 164 7,611 *,434 74 *93 54 2,537 1,142 358 18 48 *3 634 285 10 10 5 10 5 10

Difference in cuffing up - - - 7,17a 1 *5 5

And it is said in the said Account, that the Charges of Management,} Fees at the Exchequer, &c. about - - - $ In Four Years 6,581 7>* 74 1,645 1,140 —

Amount of the several Payments per Ann. on an Average - - - £ 9,959 —

And your Committee taking Notice, upon inspect ing Alteration was from Slave Price to Gold Price, wjrich was the said Account, that it had many Erafejnents therein, at first put down at 200 per Cent, but was afterwards by altering the Rate of Exchange from 200per Cent, to reduced to 100 per Cent, which is Gold Price; that as 100 per Cent, and from 300 per Cent, to 200 per Cent. £. 200 Slave Price, was£. 100 Gold Price, he thought it called M r. Clift, by whose Direction your Committee was meant 200per Cent.; but was told it would be more mer-informed it was drawn, to explain it, who being asked, cantile to say loo per Cent, because it was in Fa6t only why, in the Account presented to the House in 1756,of 100 per Cent. Advance; and that all the said Alterations the Expenditure of the Money about the Fort at Anna- were made before the said Account was delivered in to maboe, the Exchange was charged at 60 per Cent, and your Committee.

in the before-mentioned Account it was charged at 100 Your Committee observing, That by an Account, per Cent. ? Said, which they had called for of the Expences the Com-

The principal Reason for setting the Exchange at 100 mittee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa per Cent, in the said last mentioned Account, was, have been at towards rebuilding the Fort at Annamaboe, because the Charges of Freight, insurance, Kc. are there the Total whereof amounts to £.7,623. 9s. 9d. a Balance mentioned separately; whereas, in the said Account appears to be due from the Fort at Annamaboe, to the relating to Annamaboe, the Exchange is fixed with the other Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, Charges included, which makes a Difference of 40 per as appears by the Account in the Appendix, N° 1, of Cent.; and he added, that in 1754, the Committee of £.7,140. 14.V. 3d. examined.

African Merchants sent a Cargo of Goods to Africa* the Mr. Bijcoe, a Member of the African Committee, Prime Cod whereof amounted to £.4,165; which is in who fiiid, That Part of that Balance is due to the Coad Money £.7,94 5, which is 91 per Cent. Advance *, Officers of the Forts who have advanced it; and that that the Charge of fending those Goods wa^.517, which the other Part belonged to the Forts and Settlements; being added to the said Sum of £.4,165, makes the Ex- that the applying Part of the Money granted by Par-change at about 63 or 64 per Cent. Advance *, and that liament for the other Forts, towards erecting the Fort as the Prices of Goods vary in England, and feme Goods at Annamaboe, has been the Occasion of the other bear a larger Profit upon the Coad than others, he ap- Forts being in a worse Condition thau they would prehends it impolhbie to take the Exchange quite exatd; otherwise have been, though the Money taken from but that the Exchange was taken at 60per Cent, from them would have gone a very little Way towards Information of Persons of Credit, who had lived upon putting them in a respectable Condition; but that the the Coad: applying that Money towards continuing the Works at

And having ncknowleged, that he made the several Annamaboe, was of the utmoli Consequence, for other-Alterations aforesaid, in the said Account; and being wife the whole Money granted by Parliament towards alk^i the Reason for having done it,though he said after- building that Fort would have been rendered use-w aids, that the Sum total was not erafoi, he said, the first less, and the French have got Possession of it, which is 17 the

31 Geo. II.

8° Jtinii.

283

the principal Place of Trade npoh the Gold Coast, more Trade being carried on there than at all the other Forts besides; that the taking the Management of completing the Works at the said Fort, out of the Hands of the Committee, and giving it to the Board of Ordnance, has occasioned a great Delay, as well as a vast Exigence to the Public:

And being asked, Whether great Part of that Expence was not For Freight of Goods necessary for the Erection of the Fort ? he said. That he apprehends the great eft Part of it was on Account of Palavres, Daihees, and other Disputes arifingfrcmi the Stop put to the Works when taken out of the Hands oft he Committee, in order to be put under the Direction of the Office of Ordnance.

Amongst the Papers referred to the Committee, was the Memorial of the Royal African Company, which had been presented to the House upon the 6tn Day of February 1749:

And your Committee asked the African Committee the-following Question; viz.

‘^-Whether or no you are willing, if the Parliament " was to grant £. 20,000, to submit to the Regulations " and Reftiitt ions as proposed in the Memorial of the 11 Royal African Company of England, delivered to the 4t Board of Trade, in the Year 1749?"

To which the said African Committee made the following Answyer; viz.

" That they humbly apprehend, it is not in their " Power, as a Committee, to accept of any Proposa! in- consistent with the present Act of Parliament, which " has been the Means of extend ing the British Trade ro " Africa, to the Satisfaction of all the Merchants con-f< cerned. and of putting a Stop to the Encroachments 4S of the French upon the Gold Coast."

And upon examining Mr. Wanfey, Merchant of Bristol, he said, That the African Trade has been encreasing ever since the Commencement of the Act, to the Commencement of the War, to the Satisfaction of the Merchants: About Three or Four Years ago, there was a Matter in Dispute about the Trade; that they have had no Complaints from Captains of Ships of the Servants of the Committee; that the Trade has been carried on free and unmolested, and peife&Iy to the Satisfaction of the Merchants; that there were some Complaints in 1753, the Captains thought themselves aggrieved by the Competition of the Servants on Shore; but upon Ilepresentation being made to the Committee; they lent such Orders to their Servants on the Coast, as have put an End to all those Complaints; and that he was instructed to declare, in the Name of the Merchants of Bristol, that they were extremely well satisfied with the Measures that had been taken by the African Committee, and to express their Desire that no Alteration might be made in the present Plan and Management: That he has not heard of any French Ships trading at Annamahoe, lince about the Year 1750, when Mr. Ho-berls was Governor; that they attempted it once, but were beat off by our Ships:

That he has heard they traded there frequently before the Year 1750, and with Mr. Roberts, who was then Governor of Cape Coaf, which was the only In (lance he had heard of their trading the re.

And being asked, Whether in his Opinion the Trade is carried on to the Satisfaction of the Planters

He said. He supposed the Planters are reasonable Men; and therefore, when they find the Market better supplied with Negroes under th? present Plan, than it was before, he thought it reasonable to suppose they are contented.

And beingafked. If he apprehended that the Planters in general purchase Negroes cheaper of the Merchants of Bristol and London, than they ever did before

He laid, Negroes have been clearer for about Four Years past, than he ever knew or heard of since the lad War, when they weredcarer dill; but that Gold Goad Negroes have been dearer from 1753 to this Time, than they were at any Time during the lad War, owing to the great Demand for them in the Plantations; which Demand be said was owing to the Increai’e of Planting,

Vol. 2S.

And being asked. If he did net know the Trade to African Gambia to he much encroached upon by the French ? <Jorts *ntl

He said, He apprehends the French have a Right to emwts‘ trade there, as having a Fort; and the more Trade they have, the Iefs we shall have. — But, in Copies of several Affidavits, and other Papers laid-before the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, on the 20th and 26th of June 1753, in Support of the Allegations of the Repre-fentations of the Merchants of Bristol and Liverpool trading to Africa, complaining of the Trade carried on by the Officers of the said Company for Negroes, at the several Forts upon the Coast of Africa, anil of the irregular Proceed ings of the said Officers, presented to the House upon the 12th of February 175 j, are inserted 2

A Memorial to the Board of Trade, signed William Wanfey and Thomas Chalmers, in Behalf of the Merchant*-of Brifol and Liverpool, with the several Affidavits of William Broion, Mailer of the Ship Bristol; David Hambleton, Chief Mate of the Ship Polly; Alexander Graham, Master of the Fly Snow; all which Vessels belonged to the City of Bristol, in the African Trade, sworn before the Mayor of Bristol; setting forth. That the Servants of the Committee upon the Coast o {Africa, were engaged iu a Partnerlliip or Joint Stock, in the Slave Trade with the Governor of Cape Coast Castle, and others concerned with him; and Mr. Brown faith. That the said Governor, in Conversation, told him, that they had expected to receive from Holland a Ship or VeffeJ, laden with a Dutch Cargo; and that he could not purchase from the Chiefs of the Forts any Slaves, under One Once and an Half, and generally Two Ounces, or j£. 8 Coast Money, a Head, which is more than lie gave for Slaves of equal Goodness to the Negroe Traders, and, constantly paid them such advanced Price; and that it is his real Opinion the high Price of Negroes was prin* . cipally occasioned by the Trade carried on by the Chiefs of the said Forts; and that he was informed by the Natives, if he went to trade under any of the Forts, it would he proper for him to take with him Canvas and Canoemeu, for that the Canoemen under the Forts were over-awed by the Chiefs, that they durst not assist him in carrying on his Trade; and that he found the Negroe Traders, where he came to trade, cautious and fearful of dealing with him, left it should come to the Knowledge of the Chiefs of the said Forts; and that the Traders sent to him in a private and secret Manner, . tyhen they had a Slave or Slaves to dispose of; that the Forts or Castles were used by the Chiefs as Repositories for their Market Slaves; and that he saw such Slaves lodged in the Forts and Castles; that he is verily persuaded that Negroes will always bear a high Price, whilst any of the Chiefs, or other Persons belonging to the Forts, are permitted to trade for them; and the Price will so affect the separate Traders, as to endanger the Loss of the Trade to them and all Persons, but such as are concerned with the Chiefs, and other Persons settled upon the Coast.

David Hambleton fays. That Mr. Brad, One of the Persons in Partnerlliip, informed him, that they bad sent a Cargo of Slave? to Jamaica, and shortly expected an Act’ortment of Dutch Goods, which would enable them to carry on their joint Trade to a better Advantage; and that he actually saw, in the Course of hid Trade, Mr. Brew barter Dutch Guns, Knives, and Guo-powder, for Slaves.

That during his Voyage, he hired a Factory at Lagoo, to endeavour to purchase Slaves; but Brew sent his Negroe' Traders and Goods from Tantumquerry to La goo and Mumford, in order to oppose him in his Trade; and Brezv in Conversation, told him, That it it was impossible for him to trade to the same Advantage as he did, when he had so good an Aflortment of Goods;-and that if he gave Eight Ouncesa Head, or £. 32-Coast Money, for Slaves, he would give 36; and that ho would fend the Company’s Servants up the Paths, to prevent the Trade coining down to him, which he did; and in othpr Particulars, agrees with wb^t Mr. Brown laid.

Alexander

African

Forts and otuj'rnems.

284 8° JA- 1758.

Alexander Graham fays, That finding a hidden Stagnation of Trade at the Price he and Captain Jenkins paid for Slaves, he enquired of his Cold Taker, or Broker, the Cause of it, and was informed, that the Price was raisedat the Forts and Cattles in the Neighbourhood, which he believed was Fa6f, and was obliged to advance the Price before he could procure any more Slaves; ami he is persuaded, that Negroes will always bear a high Price whilst any of the Persons belonging to the Forts are permitted to trade for them, and affect the separate Traders so as to endanger the Loss of the Trade to all Persons but fuel) as are concerned with the Chiefs, and others, settled at the Forts and Castles.

The M mioriaf of the Merchants observes, When they applied to the African Committee for Redress, and to prevent their Officers from trading for Slaves; and re-monllrated against the great Advantages with which they were indulged, not doubting of the Committee’s immediate Compliance with their just Demands, and pointed to them a Plan for preventing and putting an effectual Stop to these and all oilier Proceedings of the like evil Tendency; to their great Surprize, their Plan was rejected, their just Complaints treated as groundless Surmiie, and unjufi Aspersions of the Characters of their Officers and Servants in Africa.

The Memorial further observes, There is no Occasion for any Increafeof the public Allowance, or Augmentation of the Salaries of the Committee’s Servants in Africa.

And your Committee having read a Paper, referred to them, intituled, An Account, fiiewing the several Claims claimed from the African Committee, on Account of Expences incurred on the Coast of Africa:

It appeared frqm said Paper, That Messrs. Joseph Stephenson and Job Tripp, Assignees under a Commission of Bankruptcy awarded and issued forth against John Roberts, claimed the Sum of Two thousand and Sixty-three Pounds Five Shillings and Three Pence, due to the said John Roberts, and his Partners, on the 20th Day of June 1751, and Interest for the fame, from the said 20th Day of June:

That the said Debt was claimed as a Balance due to Roberts, Husbands, and Boteler, for Supplies advanced by them at Cape Coast Castle, in Africa, for the Support and Defence of the several British Forts and Settlements upon the Gold Coast and Wbydah, betwixt the ill February 1750-!, and 20th June 1751:

And that Messrs ^Roberts, Husbands, and Bo feta', having advanced the whole of the Money on the Coast of Africa, in Goods, rated at least 60 per Cent, higher than they can be bought in England, the African Committee are of Opinion, that 60 per Cent, should be deduced from the said Gold Coast Money, to reduce it to Sterling.

The AfricanGomm\ttee observed further in this Paper, That Messrs. Roberts, Husbands, and Boteler, have not delivered in a Garrison Leidger, which is the Voucher for the Payment of the White Men their Salaries, in Africa; and which the African Committee esteem so material, that they are of Opinion the said Roberts, Husbands, and Boteler's Accounts ought not to be passed without it.

Your Committee having then ordered the Books, relating to the said Claim, to belaid before them; and having examined Mr. Cust, whether any more Money was due on the fame, he said. He could not tell, without proper Vouchers were delivered of Mr. Roberts's Expense; that some Vouchers had been delivered; but lie apprehended Two Certificates, dated July 6, 1751, annexed to the Pay Bills for March, April, May, and June, of Cape Coast Castle, are forged; for the African Committee received a Letter the 9th August 1751, from Thomas AI civil. Governor of Cape Coc/t Castle, advili ng them, that such Charges were made, as shewed Roberts and Co. wanted to get as much as they could; they received another Letter from the same, dated January 8, 1752, advili ng them, that Roberts* and Co. were making Day Books of their Transactions that happened 12 Months before; that he had paid them fy 1,000 in

Part, on their Promise to shew him their Accounts but they then refused; and upon his finding Fault with some Articles, told him, they had no Accounts.

But in a Letter from Mr. Mcivil, dated June 21, 1754, is the following Advice; viz.

" I have now examined the Books of Accounts be-" longing to Roberts, Husbands, and Bolder, with all " possible Attention, and beg Leave to observe;

" That the Dixcove Quarrel is the Subftru6hun, or <c Ground of many Charges in these Accounts, which " must be allowed, or not allowed, according to the " Judgment p ailed at Home on that Affair:

u That not being on the Coast, I am as much a fc Stranger to the Matters of Fa£l alleged in these " Books, as you are; nor is there any Body here that " can inform me:

" That from the Relations I have heard of the Situationsofour Affairs at that Time, and the great Fx-. " pences incurred by our Ah ant ah Transactions, there <c does not appear any unreasonable Charges in the " above Books:

" That by the African Companyvs Tnstructions, the " Council, Roberts, Husbands, and Boteler, were the " Auditors of their own Accounts; and therefore all " you can now get is, the Oath of Mr. Roberts, that,

" to the belt of his Knowledge and Belief, the Charges " contained in these Books are true:

" That there is no Garrison Leidger here for the " Time Mr. Roberts was Treasurer; that would have " shewn exactly at what Rates Goods were paid away cc to the White Men upon their Salaries:

" That Messrs. Roberts and Co. hare now been " Three Years and more out of their Money; that the " smallest Sum any Person could adjudge for the Main-<c tenanee of these Forts, for the Time mentioned in the " Account, must, paid in 1751, have, by being employed in Trade, produced a Sum greatly above what " is now asked."

And Mr. Cust further said, That the African Committee, on the 21st March 1753, advanced Mr. Roberts 1,500 on Account, on Condition his Accounts should be settled on the Coast; and they asked him for a Vouched, called a Garrison Leidger, he said. He had none, because there was none kept during his Time; and yet by Two Certificates, Pan of his V ouchers, it appears there was a Garrison Leidger; and Joseph liar-mer, Secretary at Cape Coast, advised t he African Committee, the 14 March 1752, that Mr. Roberts had, contrary to all Rules and Precedents, carried oft* all Books and Papers.

These several Letters appeared so very extraordinary to the African Committee, that they have examined very attentively the Vouchers delivered; and Mr. Cij't said, he had reason to believe, the -Hand*writing of Richard Brew, a Factor upon the Coast, whose Name is to both those Certificates, is not his Hand-writing, it being very different upon the Certificates, to what it is upon several Books, which he had in his Hand, and fakl he could prove to be his Hand-writing; in Support of which, Mr. Dacres was called before your Committee, who said, he was acquainted with Mr. Brew's Handwriting, and had seen him write often; and being shewn an Account, intituled, Tantumquerry Day Book, from August 10, to October 31, 1751, ligned by Bichard Brew, he said, the same was Brew's Hand-writing; and being then shewn the before-mentioned Two Certificates, he said, it seems to be cut with a harder Pen, the Letters are much the fame, otherwise lie should think it the same Hand-, and being asked, if he believed it was, he answered in the Affirmative.

But your Committee rnutl observe. That the Handwriting of Richard Brew to the Two Certificates, are much alike, but both very different from the Handwriting of said Richard Breiv, in the Tantumqueny Day Book.

Mr. Cust then said, That Mr. Roberts's Vouchers had been with the^/vt'ai^Commitfee ever finee March 175}; butit wasonly within thefeTwo Months that he observed

the

ji Geo.IL VJuniL285

the Difference in Mr. Bretts Hand-writing; 5 and he further said, that though that had not been given as a fteafon for not paying Mr. Roberts, yet that about Two Years ago an Account was delivered by Mr. Roberts, as an additional Voucher, upon some public Account, he does not remember what,signed " Harmer

That the African Committee took Notice it was not authentic; Mr. Roberts was told of it* and it was given as aReafon for not looking into his Accounts:

And Mr. Roberts being examined as to this Iaft-nnen-tioned Voucher, said, That it did not belong in any Shape to his Accounts, but was an Inventory of Books and Papers left at his Departure from the Coast; that upon the African Committee telling him he had brought away all the Books and Papers, he wrote over to his Partners at Cape Coast, to desire them to take an Inventory of the Books which he had left, and lend him a Copy, that he might prove to the Committee, he had not carried them all away; that when he received it, he waited on the Committee, and told them, he had an Inventory, signed by their own Accomptant, of the Books which he had left; he thought it had been an Original; but when read by the Committee, who knew Mr. Harmer s Handwriting, which he did not, it happened to be a Copy, as they told him, and he took the Paper back; he then produced the said Paper, dated Cape Coast Cajile, February 29, 1752, intituled, An Inventory of the Books and Papers left at Cape Coast Cajile, by John Roberts: Signed Thomas Boteler and Joseph Harmer.

A nd Boteler was called before your Committee, who said, He was acquainted with the Hand-writing of Thomas Boteler; and being fiiewn the said Account, declared the Signature of Thomas Boteler to be wrote by the said Thomas Boteler; and Mr. Roberts being alked, what Time he arrived in England from Africa, said, about June 1752.

And Mr. Cust being fiiewn the Copy of the Establishment of the Officers and others for the several Forts in Africa, for One Year, ending 30 June 1755, dillinguifii-ing the Pay of the White and Black Men, and the Employments of the Castle Slaves; to which is added, the Amount of their several Salaries, taken on an Average of the Numbers actually employed, supposing them to live, which had been presented to your Committee; and being alked, why the Total of the particular Sums were not call up, he said, he understood it was only to shew the Employments of the Officers and others, upon the Coast; and therefore did not think it oecellary to have it call up. . -j

That it did not exa6Uycorrespond with the Four Years Account; the Whole of the Calling up differing abont £.400.

And being alked. From whence the Difference arose, said. He apprehended it was Arrears due to some of the White Men, and others, for the Yea? 1754, which were paid in 1755.

And your Committee observinga N.B. to the Account of the Receiptand Expenditure of, Money fqr the Ere6liop of Annamaboe forty presented to the fioufe upon the 2d of April 1756, that the African Committee had charged the Exchange,at So per Cent, saying, it wasthe customary nominal Exchange, at the same Time observing, thsft there is a larger Advance on several, Species of Good$, which will be in Favour of the Forts and Settlements.

And Mr. Cust being alked, If they had any Certficate from any Person upon the Coast, that the Exchange in the said Account was 60 per Cent.upon the Coast

He answered, They had not; but as they were uncertain whether the Exchange was right or not, they added in the N.B, That several Articles were paid away at a higher Advance, by which Means they meant to leave it to a Committee of Parliament to settle what the Exchange ought to be.

And being alked. If the African Committee could not ascertain the exact Exchange to the Public more certain from their Books, than by any Persons Information

I He said,‘He thought they mighty butif they were to

Vol. 28.


do it for Four Years, it would take up Three Months African at lead: Forts and

And added, That if the Exchange was allowed at 60 perCVwf thebefore-mentionedBalance of^.7,140 14s. 3d. would be due to them, as far as they have an Account of the Expenditure of the Goods sent to Annamaboe; but that some of those Goods might be used at the other Forts, and payable to Servants.

Some farther Objections having been made to the said Account of White Men and Black Servants, &c. your Committee called before them,

Mr John Robe rts% who, in the old Africa n Company’s Time was Governor of Cape Coast Cajile, and has been concerned in African Affairs 20 Years: And he being fiiewn the said Account, and also the said Account of Expences incurred by the Committee at Annamaboe, said, Those Accounts contradict each other; for in the last of them it is said, there isa Balance due from Annamaboe to the other Forts and Settlements, of£ 7,140,14. od^ and in the First of them it appears, that the African Committee expended in Four Years £.39,8 ^6, Part of £.40,000. granted them by Parliament m that Time for the Support of the Forts and Settlements, in the Payment of White Mens Salaries, and some other Charges, so that there remains but £.41. annually to be applied to repairing the Forts; therefore, if the said Committee expended so great a Share of the £.10,000. per Annum, allowed them by Parliament, in the Support of the Forts and Settlements, they could not possibly lend from the other Forts to Annamaboe^ in those Four Years,

£.5,512. 7s. 2d. which they say was owing upon the 30 June 1755, by Annamaboe to the Either Forts and Settlements; and therefore he apprehends the African Committee cannot be any Ways intitled 10 that Balance which they claim.

But Mr. Cust being examined as to the Manner in which the Debt due from Annamaboe Fort arose, said$

That by the Cape Coast Books, ending June 30,

1756, there appeared to be due to the Servants,

there,£,1,918. Coast Money, Exchange at 60 per Cent.- - 1,200

That by the same Books, ending June 30, 1756, there appeared to be left in the \% arehouses on the Coast, Goods to the Amount of £.^,989, which ,vvas to last a Year, and which should have been about - - - - 6,500

The Difference which has been supplied for Annamaboe \s ----- 4>3H

There has been issued in England, since June

30, 1756, for the said Fort - - - - 1,627

And ho farther said. That in the several Accounts ef Expences incurred at Annamaboet the Exchange is faifly calculated, to the Prejudice of the Public, to the Amount of £ 3,31.8. Sterling, which ought to deducted from the Balance claimed by the African Committee, of £.7,140.* 14s. 3.

And being alked, Whether, in the Annamaboe Account, he confined himself to the Ex< hange only, or to any Articles charged falie? he anfuered, To the Ex-ichange only: And being further alked. What was the Kate of Exchange on he Coast of Africa ? he said, That ,upon an Average they uled to reckon Gold Price 33 per Cent. and Slave Price 75 per Cent.

And he further observed, That upon comparing the Four Years Account with the Establishment of the African Committee fori 7.55, being the last Year of that Account, he finds the Sum of £ 879. 8*. 4d. charged by the Committee in that Year, under the Article of White Mens Salaries, and£.68. 10,?. under the Article of Black Mens Pay, more than is stated in their said Establishment; and upon the Whole, he said. That being conversant with the Manner of keeping Accounts, and of trading upon the Coalt of Africa, he apprehends, from seeing the Manner iu which the African Committee made

4 D out

1

African Forrs and . Settlements.

286 8° Juniu 1758.

out the said Four Years Account, where they put the Exchange down at one Price, and calculated it at ano* ther, that their Accounts in general mult he kept in an unmercantileand confused Manner; but Mr. Cujl being asked, whether ihere was any Difference, and what, in the Salaries between the Account and Establishment, said, He has cast up both, and finds the Amount of the Salaries to White Men in the Account is 6,602, and in the Establishment 6,526; that Salaries to Castle Slaves in the Account is ’,615, and in the Establishment 2,727; and being allied, If he had any Vouchers to prove the several Articles of White Men and Black Servants? he said, They had:

And Mr. Roberts further observed, That the African 'Committee have deducted Part of his Objections out of their Balance in a subsequent Account,desired by them to bring into Parliament, in order to deduct £.1,891 from the Balance they had claimed before he made that Objection, which he believes was in 1756.

And Mr. Sparke, who was Accomptant to the late African Company, being called before your Committee, said, The before-mentioned FourYears Account is drawn* in so obscure a Manner, that he is sure no Merchant would except it from his Fatfor, nor Gentleman from 'hisSteward; because, both Vouchers and Particulars for all the Articles are wanting, and many different Species of Charges are lumped in one Total Sum in several Places; and he gave for Instance, that under the general Head of Charges paid in England upon the Ship Flying Flamborough, is comprized, without any Distinction, Package, Custom-house Charges, Freight, Insurance, Advance Money to Officers and Soldiers, their Passages, fife.; and that there are Eight more Instances in the 'fame Page liable to the same Objection.

But being shewn an Account delivered by him from the African Company in 1735, and being asked, Whether that Account was not as obscure for want of Vouchers ? He said, the Accounts, he apprehends, are of different Natures; that of 1735 was intended as a general Account, and he understood the Four Years 'Account was intended as a final Account of the Drf-posal of the £.10,000 per Annum for Four Years.

And Mr. Cujl being asked, Whether the FourYears Account is a Charge upon the Public, or only a Calculation of a Year’s xpence as taken from the Books lent from the Coast? said, it was no Charge on the Public, but a Calculation only to satisfy your Committee in what Manner the Money was expended.

And Mr. Sparke being asked, If he found any Thing charged to the Public that was not usually charged in the old African Company’s Accounts ? said, He had taken the Pains to extra# from the Four Years Account the Establishment, and the Annamaboe Account, the several Articles of that Nature which the African Company never were allowed to charge, nor ever did; and finds the Difference to be, to the Prejudice of the Public, between the Charge made by the Africm Committee, and what the Royal African Company charged the Public for the like Services, to be £.4,948 5s. per Annum "Gold Price; and he delivered into your Committee a Paper, containing that Comparison.

And being asked, with regard to Charges of Management in London, and particularly to the Article of £.750 :15 5. for Seven Years, as contained in the said Paper, more than the £.800 per Annum allowed by Parliament, said, He had taken the same from an Account, which was declared to him by a Member of your Committee, to be an Extract from the Committee’s Accounts.

And being asked, In what Manner the old African Company accounted for the annual Grants made them, Declared, That the £.10,000 per Annum granted them by Parliament was mvefted in GooHs; and that the Invoices and Bills of Lading for the Exports, and Receipts on them, were laid before the Auditor of the imprest; as also the Accounts of the Disposition of those Goods upon the Coast, who examined them by the proper Vouchers from Abroad; and upon being satisfied, the Auditor

passed tile Accounts indu^Form, as supported by those Vouchers; so that the Company obtained their Quietus*

And being asked with ref peer to the Exchanges charged by the African Committee in the Account oi Annum a* hoe, and in the Four Years Account, If he found the Exchange uniform? declared. He did not; but thought they ought to be so; for that Annamaboe, and the.other Settlements upon the Gold Coast, being at a filial! Dif* lance from each other, the same Prices of Sales generally obtained all over the Gold Coast, while he was acquainted with the Accounts; and that there is nothing in the Committee’s Accounts to induce him to believe the Goods were sold at different Prices; and therefore he concludes the Exchange fltould be the fame.

That he never knew of any Conrfe of Exchange between London and the Coast of Guinea; that the African Company passed their Accounts before the Auditor, by a Certificate signed by Two, Three, or more eminent private Traders, certifying, that £. 50 perCent. was reasonable, as being full as much, or more, than any private Traders made of their Voyages of late Years, which Certificate being annually obtained, was allowed by the Auditor as aforesaid; that it would have been worfefor the African Company, if a higher Exchange had been certified, and would not have been of any Advantage to the Public, unless the Exchange had been so high as to reduce the Coast Money so far, that the whole Expences at Home and Abroad should have fallen short of the £.10,000 granted by Parliament; that the African Company employed the f-ime Sort of Servants and many more than the African Committee do, and paid larger Salaries.

And Mr. William Rednap, who had been EightYears in the late Af/ican Company’s Service, confirmed the Method of accounting before the Auditor of the Imprest, agreeable to what Mr. Sparke had before alleged; and also the Manner of computing the Exchange at 50 per Cent.

And being asked Whether he thought the FourYears Account, presented by the African Committee, was 'extracted from the Cape Coast Books, agreeable to the Title thereof? He answered in the Negative; because Shillings and Pence were omitted.

And being shewn the Three Accounts relating to re-building the Fort at Annamaboe, prefen ted by ?h e African Committee, Afrril 2, 1756, May 19, 1757, and March 15, 1758; declared, He had no Objection to either of those Accounts, taken1 by tlietnselves, except that no Claimant appeared /or the Balance of any of thofeThree Accounts; that the Balance of the First Account, presented in 1756, being £.2,260 12s. 7 tf. is taken no Notice of in the Second Account, which was presented in May 1757; the Balance of the said Second Account being only £.2,851 14s. id.; that the Balances both of the First and Second Accounts are carried into the Third Account, the Balance whereof is £.7,140 14^. 3d.

Being asked, w it h refj >e# to the Charges of Exchange, made by the Committee in their FourYears Account, and the Two First Armamaboe Accounts, which continue 10 the same Period; said. He found the Exchange in tliei wo Annamaboe Accounts is rated at 60 per Cent. ? whereas the Exchange in the FourYears Account i> rated at 100 in some Particulars, and at 300 perCent. in others; that if the Exchanges had been ai!alike,the Balances of the 1 wo Firltyfwwfl/wfl6otfAccounts would have beenreduced, and also that of the Third Account in the same Manner.

And being crolsexamined, befall. He apprehended the Exchange to be a Computation of Profit; but as he was no Trader, he could not tell whether the Profit on all Goods was at all Times the fame:

And he declared, That he had not made an exa# Calculation; but. apprehended, that the Balance of the Two First Accounts, which, being taken together, amount to 5,500 and odd Pounds, would be reduced about £:2,8oo; and t; at a like Deduction of £.400, would be made from the Third of those Accounts, independent.of the Two preceding:

lie

﻿iiGeo. IL 8 0 Jun' $87

He also observed.That at the Foot of* the taft Annamaboe Account there is a N. B. expressing that that Account is only between Annamaboe and the other Forts; so that whatever Balance shall appear to be due from Annama-tacywill, if provided for by Parliament, be applied to the Support of the other Forts only, it being no Advantage to the Committee, whether the Sum granted be more or less: He does not observe, that any Sum is mentioned in the Four Years Account to be lent to Annamaboe; that the Four Years Account makes the annual Expence, upon an Average, £.9,959 per Annum, leaving a Balance of £.41 annually, or £.164 at thfe Close of that Account.

And Mr. Rednap having informed your Committee, That he had been employed in passing Mr. Roberts's Account, by the Auditor of the Imprelt for the £.6,000 granted him by Parliament; your Committee enquired . whether Mr Roberts did produce the same Sort of Vouchers as the old African Company used to do; to which he dec lared in the Affirmative, saying, that Mr. Roberts left his Vouchers in the Auditor’s Hands, and the^Company only presented Copies of the Charges paid in Africa, sworn to by their Accomptant.

And Mr. Cujl being again called, and asked, Whether the African Committee’s Servants have any Arrears due to them ? declared, That by the Books, ending 30 June 1756, there appears to be due £.1,918 to the Servants, which, at 60 perCent. is £.1,200 5 and that there is now due in Arrears about £.6,000.

Your Committee having proceeded thus far in their Enquiry into the Matters referred to their Consideration, had an Account referred to them, from the House, of the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements, as inspected by Captain Barton, of his Majesty’s Ship the Lichfield, dated the 13th of Januai'y 1758; and your Committee find no material Difference between Captain Bartons Account, and Captain Weller's, except that Captain Barton reports the Forts and Guns to be in rather a worse Condition than Captain Weller found them; that this Difference is owing to the xAlteration in the State of Bance Island ,* and that the Guns in the Forts under the Direction of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa are in better Order, and more in Number, than they were when in-speCled by Captain Weller.

And Captain Barton, in a Letter to Mr. Clevland, 13 Januai'y 1758, fays, That in January 1756, Cape Co aft Castle was attacked by Four Sail of French Men of War $ that the Castle hulled the Intrepide, one of the said Men of War, half a Dozen Times, and then they sheered off: Fie further fays, That he was informed by the Governor and Council of the said Caftlr, that the French -had no Trade upon the Coast; and that they were certain there had not been a French Merchantman tipou the Coast for near Two Years before.

Your Committee, upon the Whole, observe, That the Forts and Settlements on the C oast of Africa were so ill supplied with Goods and Stores by the late Royal African Company, that the Servants of t|le said Company , were, before March 1749-50, permitted to trade on their own Accounts, in order to support the Forts and Settlements on the Gold Coast, which Trade is chiefly carried on with the French, manifestly to the Detriment of the Trade of Great Britain. 1

That the Forts in general on the Coast of Africa were originally ill constructed, and are very irregular; and

that they were delivered to the Committee of the Com- African

pany of Merchants trading to Africa, oil the 20th June 1751, in bad Condition.

That the Attempts of tht French to build a Fort at Annamaboe, the principal Place of Tra e on the Gold Coast; and the Insults and Intrigues of the Natives to obstruCb the Proceedings of the Engljh in build -n one, made it necessary for the African Committee to apply their chief Attention to the expediting, by all poiiibie Means, the Erecting the said Fort, and to employ great Part of the Artificers in the African Committee’s Service at that Fort, whereby so much Money was expended, as to make a Balance of £.7,140 14. 3. dne from that Fort, to the other Forts and Settlements on the Coali of Africa.

In respect to this particular Fort of Annamaboe, your Committee must observe. That Stone might be had, but it depends upon the Pleasure of the fupe ftitious Natives* who deem many of the hocks sacred; and Mr. Waffon thinks it would be the utmost folly to undeceive them; that no Lime is to be had nearer than Winnebah ovDtx-cove, to procure which, the Committee must have had a Number of Slaves and Canoemcn, and Vessels to transport it from’thence to Annamaboe, and on that Coast there are do Materials fit for making Bricks, cither for inside, or any other Kind of Work, the Dampness of the Weather being such, that Brick made there crumbled ^way, though covered: Your Commttee oifferve further that no Spot could be found at Annamaboe; so < onve nient for the Building a Fort upon, as that where the present Fort is built; that the Fort commands all the Landing Places, and the Roads; and though there is an Irregularity in one of the Bastions, th&t was unavoidable, by the Nature of the Place, and the Dispofuiou of the Inhabitants, the Work of the Fort itself is executed in a solid, good, and substantial Manner, and what no Person need be ashamed of.

Your Committee observe. That Repairs have been made at several of the other Forts, by Order of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa.

That upon an Account of Four Years Expenditure of the Money granted by Parliament to the African Cdmpany7 there. has been on an Average, annually expended for Charges of Management in England, and JFees to the Exchequer - - - £.1^140

For Goods sent to pay Quit-rents, Presents to the Natives, and incidentalCoaftCharges, Salaries* to the Officers, Artificers, and Soldiers, and Servants,’White and Black, necessary for the Support and Defence of the Forts on the

Coall . 5,767

For Charges of Freight and Insurance of said

Goods - - - - . - - 1,645

, t ‘ ~ "N

Making in all - - £. 8,552

1 '

That the French no longer trade within the Distrirts of the British Forts and Settlements upon the Gold Coalt; and that the Trade to Africa is now carried on Free and unmoiefted, and perfectly to the Satisfaction of the British Merchants trading to that Coast.

That the late! African Company received from Parliament between the Year 1730, and the Year 1746, £.170,000, for the Support of their Forts and Settlements; but after the Year 1746, no further Sum was granted by Parliament to the said Company.

1

1

VOL. 28.

'APPENDIX

APPENDIX, N* x

OO

09

Aw ACCOUNT of the Expences the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa have been at in rebuilding the Fort at Annamaboe, continued from the Two Account*3 delivered to the honourable House of Commons in-1756 and 1757- Expences incurred on the Coast being brought down to the 30th June 1756, the Date of the last Accounts re' ceived, and the Expences incurred at home to this time.

Dr.

To Balance of Account delivered to Parliament 2d April 1756 -

D* - - - . 19th May 1757' -

To William Kerr, of Sloop Africa, Wages

To John Apper ley’s Wages, from 14 January to 20 July 1756 -

To Bricks and Lime per the Scipio, Cappes, - - - ’ - - "

To Charges on Account of Amamaboe, sis pa- Cape Coaji Books, to 30th June 1756 £-46.

Exchange at So per Can. . -


1755*

July and Augiifl - £. Scjuember and October Nov ember and December 1756.

January and February Mar. and Apr. -May and June -

White Men’s Salaries, Black Men's Pay, fyc. 298 3 1

274----- a

350 18 5!

Palavres.

374 9 297 6 243 18

4~

1

2

1,838 15 2$

PrefenS and Dafliees,

jf»>7 >4 3 76 124 8 —

94 n 4

92 7 — 102 9 —

Total.

17 350 n 475 6

469 —

389 >3 34® 7

Sf

*1

1

2

£.608 1 4 £,2,446 16 6 Exchange at 60per Cent, ii

N. B. The Sloop Africa is fold, and the Puncheons by the Scipio, Cappes, and when the Money is received, it will be brought to Account. March 15. 1758.

£. s. 4. 2,660 12 7 2,851 14 1

9 3 — 188 5 — 355 13 n 28 15 10

L529 5 4

7,623 9 9

O.

By Goods sent to Gambia, to purchase Slaves, Part of which amounted to £.165. 19. 6. Currency, and was expended at Gambia -

By Eire Wood sent by fundrv Ships not used at Annamaboe -

By Coals, 3 Chalder, not ufetj -

By 29 Puncheons, not used -

By 22 Bars Iron, and 32 Do J square, not used - -

By lb, 12 Twine, not used ——

By Sundries per the New Gloucester, not used; viz

30 C. Wt. Shot, and 6 Carriages with their Appurtenances - 60 7 5

J< ifiera Tools - 14 17 9

Shot.....----- - 30 8 —

Sundries in Casks, N° 5 a 17 - -----75 4 —

Sundry Marking Irons, Grindstones, Wheelbarrows, fyc. - - 45 18 8

By Canoe Staples and Rod Iron, not used (by the Robert) -

By Balance -

113

27

4

21

17

s, d:

17 10 4 6

13 — 15 —

4 7

14 —

226 15 70 10

10

9

482 15

7»14° H

7,623 9 9

00

o

s?

r

N. B, This and the preceding Accounts delivered to Parliament, of the Expences incurred on the Coast of Africa for Annamaboe Fort, and which, for want of a proper Provision for that Purpose, ave taken out of the £.10,000. granted for the other Forts and Settlements, have been calculated at 60 per Cent. Exchange, being the Customary nominal Exchange; and, from the Information of Persons of Credit who had been upon the Coast, was looked upon as a reasonable Exchange; but if this honourable Committee should be of Opinion, that the Exchange ought to be calculated in the same manner as the Coast Money is calculated in the Account prefen ted to the lft Instant, intituled, " An Account of the Number of White Men and Black Servants, bfc" the African Committee humbly submit the same to their Consideration; and they beg Leave to observe, that the Account above is only betwixt Annamaboe Fort and the other Forts and Settlements, fb that whatever Balance shall appear to be due from Armamaboe Eoxi will, if provided for by Parliament, be applied to the Support of the other Forts and Settlements only; it being no Advantage to the Committee, whether the Sum granted be more or less.

CD

Cn

OO

African Forts md Settlement*.

Recrairing

the

land Forces.

WestmJrtrtfer fish Market*

Ifancftefrer

School

Mil.#.

3 i Geo. II. S° — p°

The Hatife was mOvecf, That the several Entries in the Journals of the House, of the 26th Day of March 1730, and the 13th Day of April 1749, of the Proceedings^ the House with relation to the Tride tb Africa, might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

rrhe House was also moved, That several Parts of art Act, made in the 23d Year of his present Majesty’^ Reign, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, hate faithfully discharged the Trust reposed irt them.

Ordered, That thefoveral original Letters, Books, and Vouchers, which were laid before the Committee, to* Whom it was referred to consider of all the Papers laid before this House, in the Iait Session of Parliament, by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, relating to the Forts and Settlements on that Coast, and to the Expenditure of the Money voted by Parliament for the Support thereof; and also to consider of the several other Papers and Accounts referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and which were brought to the Table, with the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Papers and Accounts were referred, be delivered back to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa.

i A MeflfUge from the Lords by Mr. Bennet, and Mr. EdiOdrds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and enforce, an Act, made in the jaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for thef better Ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, with some Amendments: 'to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefifengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a free Market for the Sale of Fiffi in the City of Westmhjler; and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fiffi; and for allowing the Sale of Fith under the Dimensions mentioned in a Cianfe contained in an Act of the Firtl Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; was committed; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of sevent I of the principal Inhabitant': of the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of I.ancajier; and also the Petition of the Feoffees of the Free Grammar School and School Mills in the Town otMareliefer, whose Names are thereunto subscribod; and also the Petition of William DaicJ'on, of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, Gentleman, Tenant of the School Mills in the said Town of Manchester; were referred; be taken into Consideration To-iv.orrow Morning .....:

- Vol. aS.

And then the House adjourned till To-m'orro#’ Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 90 die Junii;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1758.

Prayer i.

AM ESS AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Montague, and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker; ,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Earl ana this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for separating C°p£te^g Lhurence Far I FerYers from Mary Countess Ferrers separation; his Wife; for the Cruelty of the said Earl and for settling a Maintenance for the said Countess out of the Estate of the said Earl: And also, . ‘ .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,' An Act for applying the Money granted by Parliament towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing for the Militia for the Year 175$;' and far defraying the Expences incurred on account of the Militia in the Yeat 1757; without any Amendment: And also,' ,;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Insurances for repealing an Act made in the 25 £b Y&ar of his pre- fading

sent Majesty, to re ft rain the making I n furances on foreign} tcf India. Ships bound to or from the East Indies; without any Amendment r And also,* , . > ,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosing to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed m Co^ons the 2qth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, preserving An Act for hielofingy by the mutual Consent of the Trees. Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preferring Trees lit for Timber or* Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Deft rust ion of Trees; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers? Withdrew.

Ordered, That the several Plans, Profiles, and Section, Works at of the Fortifications of Gibraltar, which were presented Gibraltar, to the House upon the 4th Day off April last, be returned to the Office of Ordnance.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Times for the First Meetings of Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in CommUiwueu. Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, ,m ^rtain was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Biff do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Times for the First Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution Certain Acts of this Session of Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Gore do Carry the Biff to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom Expiring the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned,1 Laws, for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth*

Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Chlonies directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; foFpreventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving furthe^ Encouragement for the Importation Of Naval Stotes from the British Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasuremen t of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster, was committed/ and to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the DdcHy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and of the federal Pa* rishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary Le Bor# and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holb&.nx as lies within the County of MiddleJ'ex, whose'Ntraies are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others; and also the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, iu bdhalf offthemfelve^,

4 E , and

29° 9 J

and many others, Inhabitants within the City and Liberty of Westminskr, &c. were severally referred 5 That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Exportation Mr. Toxvnjhend reported from the Committee, to -of Malt, \yhom the Petition of Framingham Lake, of Ihornhavi, in the County of Norfolk, on behalf of himself, and sundry others, whose Names are subscribed, Makers or Exporters of Malt, was referred, That the Committee examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the Hpufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was in part read:

A Me/Tage, by Mr. Quarme, Deputy Gejntleman U/her of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Royal Assent The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s fopilLi. Com mi fii on for declaring his Royal Assent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the ' . House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers: Where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, the Lord President of the Council, and the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the LoFd Archbishop of Canter-buiy, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, the Lord Privy Seal; and the Duke of Doifet, named also in the said Commission; did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills which Bills are as follow eth; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions; and upon Houses; and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties:

An Act for applying a Sum of Money, granted in this Session of Parliament, for rebuilding London Bridge; and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and througji London Bridge:

An Act to enforce and render more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in.Scotland to the Crown unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and prevent-in^Disorders there for the future:

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain, Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily and

'unit. A. 1758.

readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments:

An Act for further explaining the Laws touching the , Electors of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation and supplying the Defects of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor* so far as the same relates to Apprentices gaining a Settlement by Indenture; and also to impower Justices of the Peace to determine Differences between Masters and Mistresses and their Servants, in Husbandry, touching their Wages, though such Servants^ are hired for less Time than a Year:

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers:

An Act for allowing a further Time for holding the First Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts made in the kfft Session of Parliament:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing a suficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen; for present Nuisances, and other Offences within the said City and Liberty:

An Act to encourage the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof:

An Act for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portugal:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of final! Debts, within the Borough of Great Yarmouth, and the Liberties thereof:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for establishing a free Market, for the Sale of Corn and Grain, within the City or Liberty of West-mhifter.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, low Grounds, and Commons, in the Parish of Chatteris and Doddington, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act fordraining and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the Ijle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, other wise Grant Ouze, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lauds of IJleham, Fordham, Soham, and Wichen; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Feus, called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands:

An Act for enlarging the Powers granted by an Act* passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his pre-ient Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual the several Acts passed for the erecting of Hof-pitals and Work houses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining of the Poor thereof; and for making the said Act more effectual:

An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Trent, at or near a Place called Wilden Ferny:

An Act to enlarge, alter, and render more effectual, the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Bakewell to Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, and from Chest erfield to Worhfop, in the County of Nottingham-, and other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act to continue and render more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the 1 Sth Y'eat of the Reign of

his

ji Geo. II.

9

291

hisprefeni Majesty, for repairing the Roads leadtngfrom Birmingham to Edghill, in the County of Warzvick:

An Act for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of Yoidc:

An Act for enlarging the Terms arid Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted b}r an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads therein, mentioned, and for making the said Act more effectual; and t he other passed in the zid Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, and the other passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the famfe Act, and for making the said Acts more effectual, and also for repairing other Roads therein mentioned; and for making all the said Acts more effectual; and for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, fe-Veral other Roads:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester* to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for widening and repairing several Roads leading from the Welsh Gate and Cotton Hill\ in the Town of Shewsbury, in the County of Salop:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the County of South-amptoh, over the Top of the Down called Stephens Cafi.le Down; and through Salt Lane and Tichbourne, to the Town of New Alresford; and from the Market-house in the said Town of New Alresford, through Old Alresford, Bradley Lane, and over Herriard Common, to the Town rif Odiham, in the said County:

Ari A ft foY amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Christiah Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to Shillingford Gate, in the County of Berks; and also from Swindon to Lyddenton Wall, in the said County erf Wilts:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchefttr, and from the said City, through Bellmour Lethe, to the Top of Stephen's CaJ'lle Down, near the Town of Bishops Waltham, in the said County; and from the said City of Winchester, through Otter-borne, to Bay Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton:

An Act for amending the Road leading from Bengalc, in the Pari Hi of Westhury, in the County of Wilts, to Lat-chet's Bridge, near the East End of Market Laving ton, and also the Road leading from Market Lavington Dozen to the Turnpike Road near Dewey's Water, and also the Road leading from Bolejborough to Studley Lane End, and also the Road leading from Yarnbrook to the Turnpike Road at Mtlksham, in the said County of Wilts:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Chaivlon Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, in the County of Southampton, through Rumfdean Bottom, Westmeon, Warnford, Exton, Bishop's Waltham, and over Sherrill Heath, andthrough Wickham and Far eh am, to the Town of Gtfsport; and from Ex ton aforesaid, through Droxford, to the East End of Sherrill Heath in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury to the Gates 0:1 the Yvre(t of Simond's Hall Dozen, and from the Turnpike Gate,- at she Top of 'ocester Hill, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester iwafds Bath; and from the Field, called Bouldozvn Sleight, to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horsley to Tetbury, near Tittup's Inn, and from the Market-house in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchin Hampton Common, and from the said Road in Minthin Hampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Vol. 28,

Turnpike Road to T&yloe's Mill Pond± iri Chalford Royal Meat Bottom, and through Hide, to the Bottom of the Bourne to Hill, in the County of Gbucester:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads froni Little Sheffield, in the County of York, through the Towns of Hdthcrfage, Hope, and Cajlleton, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the County of Derby, and from the Guide Post near Barber's: Fields Cupola, through Grindleford Bridge,

Great Hitcklow, TidJwell, iiardgale Wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the County of Derby: t

An Act for making more effectual Four several Acts.

Of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Tenth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, respectively,. for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Wdrtvick:

An Act to enable the Trustees, appointed for putting in Execution an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing so' much of the Act of the 15th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Cirencester Town's End W Saint John's Bridge, in the County dt Gloucester, as directs, that the Inhabitants of the several Parities and Hamlets therein named shall pgfs Toll-free and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Cirencester, to the Town’s End there; and for other Purposesi therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts; to reduce all or any of the Tolls granted by the said Act; and for appointing additional Trustees for putting the said Acts in Execution.

An Act for extending the Navigation of the River. /

Calder, to or near to Sowerby Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax; and for making navigable the River Hebble,

Halig, or Halifax Brook, from Brookfmouth to Salter Hebble Bridge, in the County of York:

An Act for regulating, governing, preserving, and improving, the Oyster Fishery in the River Cobie, and Waters thereto belonging.

An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act made in the Fifteenth Year of his present Majesty V Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pe-nies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town: of Kirkaldy, and Liberties thereof:

An Act for confirming a Contraft of Lease of Mines, between Charles Duke of 2ueenfoerry and Dover, of the one Part, and Ronald Crawfurd, James Craufurd, and Daniel Telfcr, of the other Part; and for enabling the said Duke, and his Heirs of Entail, to grant Leases in Terms of the said Contraft:

An Act to enable John Earl tff Egmont, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to raise Money for purchasing Lands in Great Britain, for the Purposes of his Marriage Settlement, by Mortgage, instead of Sale, of Part of his Irish Estate: 1

An Act for felling divers Lands and Tenements, and Shares of Lands and Tenements, in London, Middlesex, and Surrey, of and belonging to Ralph Earl of Verney,; in the Kingdom of Ireland, Mary Countess of VerneVf and Dame Henrietta Maria Clayton respectively; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in puf~ chafing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof:

An Act to enable Sir Maurice Crosbie Knight, or any future Guardian of Francis Thomas Earl of Kerry and Lixnaw, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Minor, to discharge an Incumbrance on certain Collieries and Coal Mines iri the Ccrunty of Durham, Part of the Estate of the said Earl:

An Act for carrying into Execution several Contracts made by or on behalf of James late Lord Bulkeley, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in his Life-time, for the Sale of several

C.

3.92

p6 Junii.

A. 1758;

Ro^B'»frCnt ^ever^ pw* and Tenement, in the County of Angle-10 1 s* andffor applying the Purchase-money to discharge

Incumbrances atfecting the same:

An Act for settling the several Charities of the Hospital and Free School at Kirkleatkam, in the County of York, of the Foundation of Sir William Turner Knight, deceased, and the Possessjons and Revenues thereunto belonging, pursuant to the Will and Codicil of Cholmley Turner, late of Kirkleatkam aforesaid, Esquire, de-cea fed:

An Act to enable Charles Bagot, now called Charles Chester; and his Sons, to take the Surname of Chester i and for carrying an Agreement, therein mentioned, into Execution:

An Act for vesting in William Read Esquire, and his Heirs, several entailed Estates in the County of York, in order that the same may be fold; and for the settling another Estate, in the said County of York, to the like Uses:

An Act for vesting Part of the Lallds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, settled on the Marriage of William Norris Esquire, in the said William Norris, and his Heirs; and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof:

An Act to veil: Part of the settled Estate of Penyfton Poioncif, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and to lay out the Money, arising from the Sale thereof, in real Estates, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Forfter Tirffnell Esquire, with Elizabeth Forfter, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act (hr establishing Agreements made between Charles Brandling Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands, lor laying down a Waggon Way, in order for the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals:

An Act to confirm and establish Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing several open and common Fields in Ottringham, in the County of York:

An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open common Fields,common Meadow, Commons, and vvafteGrounds, in the Townships of Bromplon and Saivdon, in the Parish of Brompton, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for establishing and confirming Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing Two stinted Paf-turesor Commons, called Settle Banks High Scair and Scateher, within the Township of Settle, in the County of York:

'An Act for dividing and inclosing Newton Moor or Newton Common, within the Manor of Nezoton cum Hemingbrough, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Pieces, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Township of Geydon, in the Parish of Bishop's Itchington, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and allotting certain Fields, Meadow Grounds, and common Pastures, in the Manor and Township of Skirpenbeck, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, called Northleigh common Fields, and a Common or Waste, called Northleigh Heath, within the Parish or Township of Northleigh, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Failures,common Meadows,common Grounds, Heaths, and waste Ground, of Upper Boddington and Lower Boddington, within the Parish of Upper Boddington, in the County of Northampton; and for settling a Rate, or certain annual Sum of Money, to be paid in lieu of the Tythes of certain old Inclosures within the said Pa rish:

ford, otherwise IIalfe Woodford, in tile County of Northampton

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common, open* and arable Fields, and common Meadows, in the Manor and Parish of Hafeby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, common Meadows, common Ground, and waste Ground* in the Manor and Parish of llelmdon, in the County of Northampton:

A11 Att. for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields within the Manor of Wilnccote, in the County of Warwick; and alfafor erecting arid workingOne orinore Fire Engine or Fire Engines, for the more effectual draining the Coal Mines in the said Manor:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields in the Hamlet, Township, or Village, of Upton, in the Parish of Blewbinry., in the County of Berks:

An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open common Fields in the Parish of Edithweston, in the County of Rutland:

An Act for naturalizing Anthony Fonblanque and A7-cholas Baptist Aubert:

An Act for naturalizing John Baptist D'Abbadic.

Then the Refiduc of the Report which was made Exportation' from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Framing-ham Lake, of Thornham, in the County of Norfolk, on behalf of himself, and fun dry others, whose Names are subscribed, Makers or Exporters of Malt, was referred, was read.

The said Report is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was read; whereby the Exportation of Malt from Great Britain and Ireland was prohibited, until the 25th Day of December 1757.

And an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, wasT also read; ^hereby the aforesaid Act was continued until the 24th Day of December 1758.

And Mr. Thomas Cubitt, Supervisor of Excise of Wells Dili riel, in the said County of Norfolk, being examined, said, That there is now in the Warehouses in hisDivision, under his Care, 234 Falls of Malt, called Long Malt, all which was entered for Exportation, and wetted on or before the 30th of January 1757, is in a perishing Condition, and unfit for Home Consumption; and that the same will be totally loft, unless the Proprietors are allowed to export it.

Mr. Thomas Palmer, Supervilbr of Excise of Lynn District, in the said County, being examined, said, That there is now in the Warehouses in his Dill rift, 1 47 Lafis of Long Malt, which is in a perishing Condition, and unfit for Home Consumption; all.which was entered for Exportation, and wetted on or before the 30th of January 1757; and that the same will be totally loft, unless the Proprietors are allowed to export it.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause for the Relief of the Petitioners, upon the Third Reading of the Bill to permit the Merchants of the City of Noi--\wich, and Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, to export.a certain Quantity of Malt now lying in his Majesty’s Storehouses; and to allow the Bounty upon such Corn and Malt as was shipped and cleared for Ireland on or before a Time to be limited; and to authorize the Transportation of a sufficieiit Quantity of Flour, Meal, Bread, and Biscuit, to the islands of Gutrnfey and Jersey, for the Use of the Inhabitants there, in lieu of the like Quantity of Wheat, Mast, or Bar-lev, which may now ly Law be transported to thowT Islands.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a ways Committee of the whole House, to consider further of and Means*

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his common Pastures, commonMeadows, common Grounds, Majesty.

and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Wood- Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

? Mr-

3 i Geo. II. 9 6 Junii.293

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Coqamittce.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a llefolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow , Morning.

Air. Char/on also acquainted the Houfd, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit aq^ain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Alorn-ing next, resolve itfolf into a Committee of the whole House, to cnnfider further of Ways and Aleans for raiding the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Anno 1757 — " The Account of the Committee of the Company of u Merchants trading to Africa; distinguishing every Article of Expence under its proper Title;" be referred to the said Committee.

Then the! lonferefoived it ft If into thesaid Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

A!r. Sneaker refuuied the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they bad come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

2!utia. The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend,

' and enforce, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Ordering of the Militia Force's in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England;

And the said Amendments were read; and are as folio well); viz.

Pr. 7. L. 33. After " Eight," insert Proviso A:

A: " Provided alv. ays. That no Commission shall be tc granted to any Person to be an Officer of the Militiaof <c any County, Riding, or Place, until the Lieutenant of 4C such County, Riding, or Place, shall have certified the " Name of such Person to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors (which such Lieutenant is required to do): And " in case his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, shall, " within One Month after such Certificate laid before " his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, signify his or " their Difnpprobatiou of such Person to be such Officer c‘ in the said Militia, his Majesty’s said Lieutenant shall " not grant such Commission to such Person:"

Pr. S. L. 8. Before " Tuejdayf leave out " First," and, in (lead thereof, infort "'third;" and leave out " July," and insert " August

Pr. 14. L. 24. After " Volunteers," insert cc not " being Seamen, or featuring Men

Pr. 25. L. 30. Leave out from of notwithstanding" to " And be it Enacted," in the 44th Line of the 26th Press.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Colonel Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

WestmirrfW The Order of thcDav being read, for taking into Con-ifo Market, federation the Report from the Committee, to whom the

\ ol. '*<i.

Bill to amend an A&, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more etFectual, ail Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the Fore-stalling and Monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in aClause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; was committed;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Manchester Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of School Mills, several of the principal Inhabitants of the Townofokftf?!-chefier, in the County Palatine oi Lancaster; and also the Petition of the Feoffees of the Free Grammar School and School Mills, in the Town of Manchester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of William Dazofon, of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, Gentleman, Tenant of the School Mills, in the said Town of Manchester; were referred.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

TheCounfel against the said Petition of several of the; principal Inhabitants of the Town oft Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, admitted the First Allegation of the said Petition, <£ That for 200 Years last " past, or thereabouts, certain Water Corn Mills within " the said Town of Manchester have been settled upon " several Persons of Honour and Quality, living near " the said Town, as Feoffees in Trust, for maintaining,

" out of the Profit thereby arising, a Free Grammar " School, within the said Town, and a Schoolmaster and " Usher to and for the said School, and for other charitable PurposesBut that the said Charity was not confined to the Town of Manchester only.

And then, to prove the other Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Arthur Greenwaller produced to your Committee,

Copies of several Bills, Answers, Depositions, Decrees, and other Proceedings, in the Duchy Court of Lancaster, which he said he had examined with the Records; whereby it appeared,

That Richard Holland, and others, Trustees of the said School, in 1592, exhibited a Bill in the said Court against Anthony Travis, of Manchester, for maintaining and keeping a Horse Mill in the said Town, and procuring divers of the Inhabitants thereof to carry their Alalt, Corn, and Grain, to be there ground, and thereby withdrawing from the Four Water Mills, therein mentioned, the Mul&ure, Toll, and Soaken, contrary to the Custom set forth in the said Bill: That Travis put in his Answer to the said Bill, and thereby denied such Custom.

And that the following Deposition was taken in the said Cause, on behalf of the Complainant, on the 9th of January, in the 35th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth; viz.

" William Hardy, of Manchester, in the County of " Lancaster, Draper, aged Fourscore and Seven Years!

<c or thereabouts, sworn and examined to the First In-a terrogatory, depofeth, and faith, That he knoweth the " Parties, Plaintiffs and Defendants; and that he " knoweth the Town and Manor of Manchester, and the " Four Water Mills mentioned in the Interrogatory,

" videlicit. Three Corn Mills and One Walk Mill."

And that, on the 4th May 1594, it was ordered and decreed in the said Cause, That all Persons redding and dwelling in or upon any Burgage holden of the Lord of Manchester, or for which any Rent is or ought to be paid to such Lord, should, from thenceforth, bring their Corn, which they should spend in their several Houses, to be ground at the Fotir Water Mills then belonging to the said School; and, if the same was not ground within the Space of Twenty-four Hours, such Persons might 4 F take

2 94

9" Junii. A. 1758.

Manchester take and carry the same away to any oilier Mills; but School Mills. the fojd H0,fe Mill was allowed to be continued, but that no Person whatsoeVcr should thereafter erect,make use of, or have, any new Horse Mill, Hand Mill, or Quern, within the said Town, or Liberties thereof: That, on the 1 § November 1607, upon a Bill exhibited by Richard Holland, and others, against Robert Robert-Jbiiy for erecting a Horse Mill within the faicl Town, and withdrawing the Soak and Suit from the said School Mills, it was decreed, That the said Horse Mill should be pulled down, and that neither the said Defendant, nor any other Burgels, Tenant, or Inhabitants of the said Town, should thereafter erect, make, or use, any manner of Mills, Horse Mill, Hand Mill, or Quern, within the said Town, or the Liberties thereof; and that the Feoffees might have Injunctions for the better Performance and Accomplishment of such Decree:

And that, on I he 6th of May 1670, an Order was made by the said Court, that Process should be awarded against Samuel Mart, and others, Inhabitants of the said Town, in the nature of a Scirefacias, for requiring them to fend their Corn and Grain to the School Mills, to be there ground, according to the Tenor of the said Decree; or {hew Cause to the contrary, on a certain Day in the said Order mentioned:

And that, in the Year 1701, OJ'wald Moseley, Farmer of the said Mills, exhibited his Bill in the said Court against Francis Davinport, and others, for setting up and tiling, in and near the said Town of Manchester, several Horse Mills, Hand Mills, or Querns, and withdrawing the Soak and Suit from the School Mills; and that the Defendants, by their Answer denied the Custom, and averred, that the Plaintiff had a Horse Mill in Manchejkr, and that lie never hindered any Person from grinding the re; and that he fold the'foil Malt there ground to the Inhabitants of Manchester,to be used there; and that the Plaintiff, by his own Suggestion, ought to puli it down; and that the Plaintiff replied specially thereto, that his Horse M ill was made use of for helping the Water Mills to grind the Corn of the Inhabitants, to be spent in their Houses, in regard the Water Mills were sometimes hindered by Floods, and sometimes by Want of Water in Summer, not being able to grind the said Corn: And that, on 23d February 1703, it was decreed in the said Cause, that the Culiom therein let forth (That the Tenants, Refiants, and Inhabitants, of the said Town, and the Precincts and Limits thereof, ought to grind all their Corn, Grain, and Malt, spent in their Houses, at the Plaintiff’s Mills, and not to buy Meal or Malt ready ground in Evasion of the fame) should beestablidied; and that, foreign Millers ought to be prohibited and enjoined from fetching, grinding, and re carrying, any Corn, Grain, or Malt, for any of the Tenants, Refiants, and Inhabitants, of the said Town, and from felling to them, knowingly, any Com, Grain, or Malt, ready ground, in Evasion of the saidCustom; and an Injunction is awarded against the Defendants, for enforcing a due Obedience to the said Decree: And, Mr. Thomas Stubbs produced to your Committee, a Copy of One other Decree in the said Duchy Court, which he laid he had examined with the Record dated goth November 1735, in a Cause between the Right honourable George Earl of Warrington, and others, Plaintiffs, and Sir OJzvald Moseley Baronet, Defendant; setting forth. That, by an Order, dated 2id February 1733, it was referred to a Tryal at Law, by a speoial Jury of the County Palatine of Lanca/ler,to try whet her all the BurgelYes, Tenants, Refiants, and Inhabitants, within the Town of Manchester, and the Precinels and Limits thereof, by Cullom and Usage Time out of M ind, or by other Right, have been bound to grind all the Malt used or spent, ground by them in their Houses at the Four Water Corn Mills therein mentioned, called the School Mills, fonie or One of them, and to pay aTwenty-fourth Part of all such Malt as a Toil or Mulcture for the Grinding thereof; and that a Tryal at Law was accordingly had, and a Verdict found for the Plaintiffs; it is decreed, that the said Cullom, as laid in the Plaintiffs

Bill, and found by the Verdict, shall be established against the Defendant, and the said Burgesses, Refiants, and Inhabitants; and an Injunction is awarded, and the Defendant is also decreed to account with, and make Satisfaction to, the Lessees, for all the Malt ground at his HorseMill from a certain Day mentioned in such Decree, according to the Rate of a Twenty-fourth Part of such Malt.

Mr. William Tompkinfon produced to your Committee, a Lease, dated 19th January 1648, made between Sir Alexander Radcliffe of Ordfall, in the Cou ntv of Lancaster, and others, Feoffees in Trust of and for the Free School of and in the Town of Manchester, of the one Part; and John Hardy, of Strangle ays, of the County aforesaid, Gentleman,of the other Part; and it witnesseth, that they the said Feoffees have set to the said John Hartly, for the Term of Ten Years, for the Consideratiou therein mentioned, all those the Water Corn Mills, with theirand every oft heir Appurtenances,commonly called the School Mills, situateand being in Manchester aforesaid,upon or nearunto a certain River there called Irke; and all that Walk Mill or Fulling Mill, with the Appurtenances, situate, (landing, and being, in Manchester aforesaid, in or near unto a Field, Close, or Parcel of Land, called the Walkers Croft, and upon or near unto the said River of Irke, and also the said Close and Parcel of Land called the Walkers Croft, with the Tenters now eroded and handing thereupon: Then,

Mr. William Knight, being examined, said. That he is near 63 Years of Age, knows the School Mills, and was born near the highmost Mill: That there are Thiee Buildings, and the Mill called the Middle Mill (lands on the River Irke, and adjoins to Walkers Croft, and (lands on the Right Hand in going up the Stream: That he remembers it a Logwood and Walk Mill, and to have ft*en Tenters for Cloth in Walkers Croft, and had then only One W ater Wheel: That betw een 40 and 50 Years ago, and thinks it uras when Mr. Bailey was Steward to the Feoffees, they took it into their own Hands, it was then made a Corn Mill to grind Malt: That he knows the highmost Mill; and, to the bed of his Know lege, one Mr. Moseley made an Alteration in it,byaddingT\vo Stones and One Water Wheel, and an additional Building to the old one:

That the Number of Inhabitants in the Town of Manchester are greatly increased, and the Trade and Manufactures of the said Town are since his Memory, increased near one Half.

Being cross examined, he said, He did not know who was the Letfee of the said Mills when Mr. Bailey was Steward to the Feoffees.

Being a(ked how he knew that the Feoffees took the Middle Mill into their own Hands, or whether they ever did? he said, Aged People had told him so.

Being asked, When he (irft knew the Mills, if there were not Three ? he said, There were Three Buildings: That there were in the higher Building Two Pair of Stones, and in the lower only One Wheel and One Pair of Stones; and that, in the Middle Mill, there were no Stones, it being applied for Logwood and Cloth.

Mr. Thomas Wood, being examined, said, That he is a Miller, and lives at Chedle Mills: That about Four Years since, he lived with Mr. Dazvfon, the present Tenant of the School Mills, as his Miller, and continued with him about Three Years and a Half, and worked at the highmost Mill, which was employed in grinding Wheat and' Barley: That there were Three Pair of Stones and Three Water Wheels, but that they could not be all worked at one time in a fearce Time of Water: That in Freihes Two or Three could work; but that 'only One can work in June and July, and can grind then, on an Average, about Three Buthels an Hour: That he never worked at the Two lowermost Mills, and don’t know what Work they can do: In the highmost Mill there is only One Miller; and that they work about 55 Bushels before the Mill is (lopped to cool and to grease, which is for about Two Hours, but can work 16 Hours out of 24, exclusive of cooling and greasing: That they make no Oatmeal at

3i Geo. II. .9° Junii. 295

this Mill, neither can they grind all the Corn brought there within 1 he Time, Which is 24 Hours, and that Corn had been Fetched away from him twice, but that Tome-times it had remained longer than 24 Hours: That the Mill ground Wheat well, and never heard any Complaint to the contrary: That the said Mills could not supply all the Bakers in Manchcfier with Flour for Bread, for, while he was there, they often had Flour from other Places: That private Persons did not fend Corn to grind, the Mills being chiefly employed by the Bakers: That he has often stood (till for want of Water in the Months of June and July, sometimes Four, Five, or Six Hours; and if the highmost Mill (lands, the others mud, that having the Water lirft: That he has often known the Joweft Mill (lopped by Back-water, and sometimes the other Mills: That they chiefly grind Malt at the middle Mill, but sometimes Wheat on a Sunday, and at the lower Mill Wheat and Barley: That in June and July they can’t work the Three Mills unless in Frefhes, and then not long together; That lie has known, when the Mills have been fully employed, the Bakers have been obliged to Airniili them selves with Flour elsewhere, and that great Quantities of Flour are brought Weekly from other Places to Manchcfier That he works at present at Checile Mill, which is Five computed Miles from Manchcfier, and has known Flour carried from thence to Manchester to be sold, and also great Quantities of Grain brought from Manchcfier Quay to the said Mill, and which was ground there, and carried back to Manchester; and that several other Mills thereabouts fend Flour to Manchcfier: That he has lived at Manchester; and said, that the School Mills are not sufficient to grind Corn enough for the Inhabitants, nor even for the Bakers there.

Being cross-examined, he laid, That it is Four Years, and better, since he was discharged; and the Reason was, that his Master and he could not agree: That he never knew that all the Wheels could work at the highmost Mill in June and July,

Being alked, If there were Five Pair of Stones at the higlimoii Mill, whether Three Wheels, properly con-itrutled, could not set them to work in wet Weather ? he said. Perhaps they might: That he never knew any Corn fetched away but twice as aforesaid, and it was in June or July, and Water was then very fearce, and the lowermost Mill repairing, and has known other Mills upon t!iis Stream have flood still at the same time, but could work the highmost Mill when the lower was repairing: That lie supposes People who live near Man-chciter, go and luy Flour there: That they have sent Flour from Chedle Mill to Manchester at all times of the Year: That there was very little Corn (not above a Measure in a Month) ground at the School Mills,but for the Bakers, while he was there: That he has been at Manchester upon a Market Day, and has seen Bread brought there which was not ground at the School Mills, and never heard that the Country Bakers was threatened to be prosecuted for it: That the common Reputation of the Country is, that the School Mills are not sufficient to grind lor the Conlumptiun of the Town of Manchester, and that more Flour is brought there than is fold out from the School Mills: That he never knew Oatmeal ground at the School Mills, there being neither Kilns or Scives for the making of it, of which much is eat in and about the said Town.

John Bagjhaiv, being examined, said, That he served h is A pprent icefh i p with Daniel Fanjhazv, a Baker at Man-chester, and left him Six Years ago, and at present lives in London: That they made line Bread, and used great Quantities of the lined Flour, which was ground some at Derby, Nottingham, Liverpool?, and Preston, and had all they tiled from those downs for the fined Bread, and that, no Part of it was ground at the School Mills, as they could not grind it without fpoilingthc Colour of it; and never knew them attempt to grind fine Flour, becanle, from the bell Wheat ground there, they could not make the bell Bread: That the Flour ground there was to make llouffield Bread: That he has known School Mills fully employed, and never knew them Hand still for want of Corn to grind: That he has sent Wheat

Vol. 28.

to be ground, which has continued there a Week, and sometimes Ten Days, before he could get it back; and has tried to have it sooner, and has been answered sometimes that they wanted, and sometimes that they were so full of Corn, they could not grind it sooner: That his Master kept a great Stock of Flour by him, having some from Sheffield and other Mills, and that other Bakers had it from these Places as well as the Plates above-mentioned: That he apprehends the School Mills are not able to grind for all the Inhabitants of Manchester, not even for the Bakers only: That One Half of what his Master used was ground at other Places: That he had been at the Mills frequently during his Apprenticeship, and never remembers to have seen private People bring Corn to grind there, nor never knew any Oatmeal ground there, or saw any Conveniency for it: That a great deal of Oatmeal is used iii Manchester, and is used in the Manufactures as well as for Bread: That they have had Oats ground at Chedle Mill, which is Five Miles from Manchester, which they should not have done, if they could have had it ground at the School Mills, and had also bought it ground as it came into the Town.

Being cross examined, he said, That the School Mills consist of Three, and no more, but don’t know how many Stones there are: Thai he formed his Opinion of their not being capable to grind for the Inhabitants of Manchester, from his ow n Knowlege that the Bakers were never supplied from them:

That some Bread was brought into Manchester by Country Bakers, but not a great deal; That the lower Sort of People eat Wheat Bread and some Oat Cakes, and Bread called Jannick, which is made of Oats; but that Oats are not the Growth of the Country about Manchester: That, he has known Corn detained at the School Mills in Winter, and all times of the Year, but that there are sometimes Floods in the Winter:

That great Quantities of Flour, which are brought into Manchester on Market Days, is brought by People who live out of Manchester: That if he had applied for fine Flour at the School Mills, he could not have had it, but that he never tried to make fine Bread of the Corn ground there: That he never saw all the Stones at the Mills, but that there are blue Stones, which he said are not proper to grind fine Flour, and never heard that Corn might be taken away from thence if not ground in 24 Flours: That they have fold Bread to the Country People who came to the Town, but never carried any out of Town to fell; and that he never followed the Business of a Baker in Manchester for himself; but that the general Reputation of the Country is, that the School Mills cannot supply the Town of Manchester.

Mr. James Bilby, a Miller, being examined, said, That he lived Servant with Mr. DawJ'on, between Seven and Eight Years ago, for Two Years, and worked at the highmost Mill: That they could grind Three Bushels of Wheat in an Hour, and could work 14, 15, or 16* Hours in the 24, at an Average, all the Yrear, but that in very dry Times they can’t keep One Pair of Stones at w;ork constantly; and that in June and July they can work only One Pair of Stones: That they ground very little for private People; they ground for the Bakers in Manchester, but could not supply all of them, they having a great deal from the neighbouring Mills; and that they never ground any Oatmeal there:

That he at present lives at Coulthurjt Mill, 14 Miles from Manchester, and has sent Flour from thence to Manchester: That when he worked at the School Mills, they seldom wanted Work, and has known Wheat remain there a Week, and sometimes a less Time, to be ground. That he could not say that the Corn ground there was fit for fine Bread; the finell Flour used to come out of Yorlshire: That in dry Times they have constantly wanted Water, and in Winter but seldom flooded, and then could not work: That the lowed Mill is often flooded in Winter, and the middle Mill would be sooner flooded, than the highest, and has known the lowed Mill flooded by Back-water, when the highmost has

wanted

Manchester School Mills.

t k >r’ *

296 90 Junii. A. 1758.

Manchester wanted Water: That a great many Mills in Cheshire School Mills. feiuj p]our to Manchester.

Being cross-examined, he said, That some Bakers, who live out of Manchester, bring Bread there; but that Weavers and Manufacturers use Oat Bread:

That he has ground at the highmoftMill FiveBushels in an Hour with One Pair of Stones, but could not continue it; but that, one Day with another, can’t grind more than Three Bushels an Hour; and that grinding more would heat the Mills, and hurt the Flour: That there were Three Pair of Stones called Boulders, and Three Water Wheels, but that Stones called Burs are esteemed the heft; but said, that he had not seen the Mills lately^: That the Cullom is, if Corn brought there is not ground in 24 Hours, it may be fetched away, but that none was fetched away while he was there, and Timber knew any Wheat lay a Fortnight there after it was ground: That they ground for all in Turns, as they bring it, and has known the highmodMill (land ftiilTwo or Three Hours on a Saturday, for want of Corn to grind before it came in: That he never heard that the Inhabitants have wanted Bread, they being supplied from other Places, and no Miller will refuse to get the Grift to his own Mill, notwithstanding the Custom.

Mr. Joseph Burks, being examined, said, That he is a Miller, has followed thcBufjneis 25 Years, and lives at Fielf well in Derfo/shire, 20 Miles from Manchester; is Owner of Wormhill Mill, and has font Flour to Manchester 23 or 24 Years: That heufed to carry about 20 Horse Load (12 Score Pound to a Load) of Meal and Wheat, plour together a Week, which was ground at his Mill, but not so much lately; and if he was prevented from carrying his Flour there, he said, to he sure it mud hurt his Mill: That he fold the most of his Flour in the Market, some to Bakers, and has fold both to Dealers and private Families: That he did not ask any Questions of Purchasers.

Being asked, Whether if he was allowed to carry Flour to Manchester to fell in the open Market, he would be at all hurt by the School Mills; he said, lie should have less Business to be lure; but that he could fell all his Flour in the Market, if no Inhabitant was to buy it, and should fell as much in a Day then as now in a Week: That he thinks it would be no Disadvantage to him if the Cudom of the School Mills was kept up, as he has not fold a Load of Flour, except in the public Market, these Two Years.

Being asked, Whether, if he was prohibited felling in open Market,to any Inhabitant, he should be able to fell so much as he does now? he said, He should more, and as much as he used to do: That he could find Purchasers enough without felling to the Inhabitants; and that his Reason for not carrying so much Flour there as formerly was, that the Markets have been better at other Places: That other Millers have fold Flour in Manchester \ and be mentioned IJ'aac Metcalfe, of Over Walter Mill, near Chesterfield in Derbyshire, which is 30 computed Miles from Manchester, and John Crunch) of Bajlmv in the said County, and Adam Barton of Pad-ley, which Places are about 26 computed Miles from Manchester: That each of them have sent about 15. Load a Week, except for about Three or Four Years pad; and their Reason for not carrying so much within that time, has been, Wheat being as cheap at Manchester as at Chesterfield and Sheffield; and that Manchester is also supplied with Flour from other Counties, Mr. Hague of Marfden in Yorkshire, and also Mr. Sheldon at Sheffield, fend great Quantities of Flour there:

That he was in the highmod Mill Three or Four Years ago, ami saw the blue Stones work: That they were not good then, and were as indifferent Mills as ever he was in: That they did not grind well, nor with Speed: That he has known Manchester about 26 Years, in which time it has greatly inoreased in Inhabitants and Buildings; and, in his Judgment, the School Mills are not capable to grind Corn and Grain for the Use of a Fourth, and some think not for One Tenth, Part of the Inhabitants:

That he saw only One Pair of Stones at work at the *9

highmod Mill: That he docs not know the Number of the Inhabitants \n Manchester; but forms iiis Judgment of the Incapacity of the Mills grinding for them, from the Quantities of Flour sent from oilier Parts to Manchester.

Mr. Joseph Nichols, a, Millwright, being examined* said. That he lives at Lambeth in Surrey, ami ha* followed the Business 22 or 23 Years, and has built ami rebuilt several Mills:

That lie has seen the School Mills at Manchester, and was in the lower and highmod Mills on the 17th of February lad, and in the highmod Mill found One Pair of Stones up, and, on Inquiry of the Height of the said Stones, was informed l hey were Five Feet Two Inches Diameter: That they are there called Greets (here Peaks): That he measured One of the Out Door Water Wheels, and the Length of the Ladle Boards was Two Feet and between Three and Four Inches, and in Width Eight Inches and a Half: That he had not an Oppor-tunityto measure the Diameter, but judges it to he about 14 or jty Feet, and was informed by the Miller it was nearly so: That in the Cog Wheel there were 4S Cogs; in the Heads that turn by the fame, Eight Staves; and the Difiance of the Cogs from each oilier was Five Inches -.ths: That there were Ten Quarters in each Stone, and Seven Lands or Furrows in each Quarter:

That Mills built upon this Principle cannot do Work well, neither can they do much:

That the Postion oft he Gate, which lets the Water to the Wheel, is nearly upright; and, from the Nature of the Fall of the Water, there mud be a great Lol’s of the Strength of the Water applied to ihe Wheel; and from the Length and Width of the Ladle Boards, the Number of Resolutions the Stones make while the Water Wheel goes once round, which arises from the Number of Cogs and Staves before-mentioned, which is Six to One, and from the Height or Diameterof the Stones, and the Work in not being good, are not capable of doing much Work, and mud greatly prejudice that which they do:

That the lower Mill is upon the same Sydem as the highmod; but that One Pair of the Stones are of a larger Diameter, but are incapable of doing so much, or so well in proportion to the Head of Water, which is Four Feet. Eight Inches, at the middle Mill Four Feet Six Inches, and at the highmoftMill nearly Eight Feet Nine Inches:

That lie was not in the Middle Mill, but saw the Water Wheels, which are upon the same Conilrifelion as the others, and therefore judges the Mill to be upon th* same Confirmation:

That he was in Mr. Bramhall's Mill on the 17th and 18th of February lad, which is the next Mill above the School Mills, upon the same Stream, and has the same Supply of Water as the School Mills, there being 110 Water coming into the River between them.

Being asked, whether he endeavoured to ascertain the Supply of Water in this River in the short Water Months, and what Method lie pursued ? lie said. That the lhort Water Months are usually Four or Five, but that they vary in different Parts of the Kingdom: That the lead Water is generally in Autumn; and that he obtained Leave of the Miller at BramhaW s Mill to shut down the Gate: he then measured the Width of it, and took the Depth of Water in the Trough, and then caused the Gate to be drawn to a sufficient Heighth to drive One Pair of Stones: and found, that the Water given by that Gate in 24 Hours will not supplyOne Wheel and One Pair of Stones at the highmod School Mill? little more or less than Sixteen Hours out of 24, grinding at the Rate of Three Bushels an Hour; and ifTwo Wheels and Two pair of Stones were set to work, they could not work Half the Time for each Pair to do the same Work, because they begin to work with a falling Hear!:

That the Power of the Two lower Mills is something greater both together than the highmod Mill, but are not capable of grinding so much Corn:

That he was in the highmod Mill on the 19th February, and saw Two Pair of Stones at work, one Pair called Greets, the other Blues.

3i Geo. II.

9® Junii.

297

And being asked, if any Experiment was made, to know how many Bushels could be ground in an Hour? he said, That though there was an extraordinary Head of Water (from aFrefh) of Four or Five Inches, the Indoor Wheel that drove the Greet Stones; and, though had an extraordinary Gate, with the utmost Force of Water, did not grind at that time more than Four Bushels an Hour: That he observed it about Half an Hour, in which Time it did not grind more than Two Bushels: That the blue Stones were then working, which ground very little more than at the Rate of Three Bushels an Hour.

Being asked. How long the Water would last, if worked in this violent manner ? he said. There being a Fresh, might work all the while, but, if none, not Six Hours in the 24: That all the Three Mills would not grind more than 96 Bushels in the 24 Hours in the Short Water Months, reckoning 60/6. to a Bushel, and allowing 1 lb. per Bushel for Waste, which is occasioned by the Heat of the Slones, and by flying off, and many other Things, which is allowed to the Miller:

That the common Computation of the Consumption for each Person in one Day, is One Pound of Bread Corn manufactured.

Being asked, how many Persons the School Mills can grind for in a Day in the Short Water Months, from the Quantity of Water he observed ? he said. That upon an Average of all the dry Months, and supposing them all to be employed in grinding Wheat, and with their full Power, not Six thousand:

That the Mills were flooded while he was there; but, from the Colistruction of the Water Wheels, are able to work iu very little Tail Water: That all Mills, the Witness knows, are liable to be flopped by Frofts:

That the general Method of estimating Mills, as to their Abilities of performing, or Values or Rents, is taken, at an Average, from the Short Water Months 5 but that this Average is sometimes a great Inconvenience to Trade, some Part of the Water being so extremely short in dry Seasons; for some Mills can do a certain Quantity in dry Seasons, ai)d some none: That he saw noConveniencesfor makingOatmeal at the School Mills: Being cross examined, he said, That he saw the School Mills in February: And being asked, Whether he made his Calculation from the Hour he saw them ? he said. He made it from the Quantity of Water he observed, and not from Mills which he had seen, or Nature of their Situation: That Mills near Hills are generally more constantly supplied with Water: That the School Mills cannot do so much Work, at a Medium, in the Short Water Months as in February.

Being asked. Whether the School Mills, if upon the same ConflruClure as Bramhall's Mill, could not do as much Work? he said, They could not: That they cannot be brought to such Improvement without lak-ing them down, and taking up the Foundation: That if they were conflruCled asBramha!r$M\\l is, they would then be capable of grinding 170 Bushels a Day: That he can't tell exactly what it would cod to put them in that Condition, not knowing the Foundation, but thinks £. 1,500 or £.2,000: That they grind Malt in the middle Mill; and can’t tell whether they can grind Oatmeal, or have any Conveniency for it, not having been in it: That his Calculation is upon the Three Mills being employed in grinding Bread Corn only.

Mr. George Smith, aMiller tiiStratford\wbjex, being examined, said. That he dealt in Meal and Corn, and has followed the Business for himself upwards of 20 Years: That there are Two Sorts of Water M ills, called1Under-shof and Over/koty and that Overjhot Mills are reckoned the befl: That the general Allowance for each Individual is about a Pound of Bread a Day; and that Three Quarters of a Pound of Flour makes One Pound of Bread, and 14 Ounces will make 18 of Bread.

Being asked. How many Ounces of FlourOne Pound of Wheat would make? he said, That with good Woik-manship, £ths; and that Nine Pounds of Corn will make Vol. 28.

Seven Pounds of Flour, of all the Sorts; but that -j-ths is looked upon as thcMedium: That the Quantity of Malt Scho°l con fumed in the wholeKingdom is about Half the Quantity of Bread Corn; and that he forms his Judgment from the Malt Duty, which is upwards of £.600,000. a Year, upon an Average, which, being multiplied by -Five, gives £.3,000,000, every Five Quarters of Malt paying Twenty Shillings Duty; and that the lowed; Number of People in England and Wales, is reckoned at 6,000,000t

That the Short Water Months are various in different Parts of the Kingdom, some Mills being fed by running Rivers, and others by Springs near the Mills; but that they generally begin about Julyi and last till October or November, as the Season happens:

That they make their Calculation, as to the Power and Value of Mills, from the Short Water Months.

Being cross-examined, he said, He had never seen the School Mills, neither does he know the Country in which they are situated: ThatOne Pound of Bread is the Allowance to each Person in the Navy, which is in Biscuit, and is reckoned to go further than a Pound of Bread:

That where Mills are fed by Streams only, they salt short about Jth in the Short Water Months.

Being asked, If he knew one Joseph Nichclls, a Millwright? he find, He did: That he is looked upon as an ingenious Man, and thinks him a good Judge of W ater Mills, and has made great Improvements in them.

Mr. Samuel Taylor, a Farmer, being examined, said.

That he has known Manchester 70 Years, and the School MillsThreefcore: That when he firftknew the highmofl Mill, there were only Two Wheels and Two Pair of Stones, One Wheel and One Pair of Stones having been added since; in the middleMill, only OneWheel and no Stone, it being used as a Fulling Mill on one Side, the other Side for Logwood; and in the lower Mill One Wheel, and One Pair of Stones for grinding Wheat, and a little Mill, called the Cub, for grinding Malt, it being a treble geared Mill, and drove Two Pair of Stones, one for Wheat, and the other for Malt:

That the Country Mills ground for Manchester at that time, they being scant of Water in the Summer, and could not supply the Town:

That fmee he has known Manchester, it has greatly increased in Inhabitants; and that the general Opinion at this time is, that the School Mills are not sufficient to grind for them: That great Quantities of Oatmeal are used in Manchester, and never remembers any to be ground at the School Mills, there being no Conveniency for it in his Memory.

Being cross-examined, he said, That the said Mills were fully employed Sixty Years ago, but that they are notin thefameCondition now as then, there being more Wheels and Stones, and can grind more Corn now than then, when they have Water enough, which is but fel-dom: That in Summer they have not always Water enough to drive One Wheel at each Wear: That when there is Water enough, they can turn Eight Pair of Stones, and possibly might in Summer, if they had Water enough: That there is a higher Head of Water at some Mills on the River, than at the School Mills.

And being asked, If there was a longer Head at other Mills ? he said. There were some longer, and some shorter; and that the Head of Water, at the highmofl of the School Mills has been raised by Timber, in his Memory, Six or Seven Inches.

Mr. James Fletcher, being examined, said, That he has known Manchester 30 Years, and has been employed as Overseer of Turnpike Roads these Twelve Y'ears past:

That there are Sixteen common Bakers, who bake for the Inhabitants for I lire, befidesEighty-eightHuckflers, who bake and fell Flour, Meal, and Bread, in the Market: That great Quantities of Oatmeal are used t here, but never knew any ground at the School Mills; and has seen great Quantities of Flour and Meal brought into Manchester for Nine or Ten Years past:

4 G That

298 9 \A. 1758

Manchester That he, about a Month ago, assisted in taking the was not admitted ? he said, He did not know, but be- Number of Inhabitants in Manchester, and found them Jieved he got in privately, and don’t know that he was

S‘ to be 17,101, exclusive of Strangers, Soldiers, and Paf- refused; and has heard that he has examined the Mills

fengers; and that he believes the School Mills not suffi- at large, but it was before it was known he was em-cierit to grind Corn for a Fourth Part of them. ployed, but never since:

Being asked. What was the general Reputation of the ^hat he never applied to Mr. Dazvfon himself for such Countiy, as to the Sufficiency of the School Mills to Inspection, the Report being, that he was not in Town, grind Corn for the Use of the Inhabitants of Manchester? but does not know whether he was, or not. he said,* It, is, that they are not sufficient to grind for a M r James William, being examined, said, That he was

Fourth Part, fdme say a Sixth; and that he meant, by a Millwright and Miller, and lived at Sheffield in York-general Reputation, the Inhabitants of Manchester and shire, and had followed that Business since he was 21 Years Neighbourhood for Four or Five Miles round; and it’s of Age; andhasbeen concerned in building several Mills, their Opinion the Inhabitants would want Bread, if not and built Travis Mill in the Year 1754: That he was in suppfied irom the Country; the School Mills on the 8th of July 1754, and favv them

That about a Month since he took an Account of the grind, but did not fee the Stones: That the Geer Work Number of Reople resorting to Market at Manchester j and Wheels were made in the old Form, and did not and Hood at the Top of Market Street Lane to take the do the Work well, they grinding the Corn too round. Account, and observed Seven hundred Eighty pass that and did not clear it from the Bran, so that there was not Way: That there are Four or Five other common Roads so much Meal produced by a Peck iD Three Bulbels: to* the Town, besides Foot-ways: That he was present That he went, on the 18th of February last, with Mr. when the Toll-man weighed the Meal and Flour at the Tompkinfon, the 1 aft-mentioned Witness, to the said Toll-house, none of which was ground at the School Mills; and that the Surveyor under Mr. Dazvfon said. Mills; and there was bought and sold that Week 640 that he had Orders from Mr. Dazvfon not to let them in, HorseLoad of Oatmeal, and 6^o Horse Load of Flour; for that his Livelihood depended on it. and that he apprehends One Half of which, upon an And further said. That Application was again made. Average, to be consumed in the Town of Manchester. on the ift of April inllant, by the said Mr. Tompkinfon, Being cross-examined, he said, That the People who in the Witness’s Presence, to Mr. Dazvfon himself, at come to Market go out of Town the same Evening, and Manchester, to be admitted to fee the Mills; and that can't say whether they all eat in the Town, but that some Mr. Dazvfon asked Mr. Tompkinfon, whether he had an of them may,: That he has seen the School Mills feve- Order from the Committee ? Who replied, He had not: ral times, but is not a Judge of what Quantity they Mr. Dazvfon said, He would not give us Leave to go can grind in a Day. in; and was told by Mr. ^Tompkinfon, that the Witness

And being asked. How he could say they were not fuf- was a Millwright from Sheffield: ficient to grind for a Fourth Part of the Inhabitants; he That he afterwards, on the same Day, walked by the said. That it was the general Opinion of the Coun try, and, Mills, and the upper and lower Mills were Handing, from thegreatQuantitiesof Flour hehad observed brought and the Stream run over the Wears; but the middle into the Town, that he thought so: That, in taking the Mill was grinding, which took more than the Stream Account of the Number of Persons in Manchester, he during grinding, because it lowered it under the Wear; did not regard those who might be out of Town at that and that the whole Supply of the Stream would not time, but reckoned such as generally refuled in the Town: work the Wheel the whole Day:

That he never knew, of his own Knowledge, Corn Being alked, Why this Mill takes more than common fetched away from the School Mills for want of grind- Current ? he said. Being obliged to draw such a Stream ing; but has heard several times it has been done, and as takes more than the Current will supply; and tl>at carried to Smedley and Travis Mills; and that he has the common Current in general is not sufficient to work often gone by the School Mills, and never favv them this Mill in Scarce Water Times: That the Current was flopped but for want of Water: then weak, notwithstanding the whole full Stream came,

That he has known Bread brought into the Town down at the same tiipc:

(and great Quantities every Saturday), but does not That Travis Mill is capable of grinding 15 Peck in know of any being carried out to be spent. in the neigh- One Hour; and that there is Water enough to supply bouring Villages, but has known Meal carried out to One Wheel the whole 24. Hours, even in the Scarce Saddleworth, ancKhe neighbouring Villages; but, upon Water Months:

the Whole, he has observed more brought into the Town That he never levelled the Head and Fall of Water

than go from it: That Manchester is a Market for Meal at the School Mills; but that he looks upon it that the for the neighbouring Villages; and that Stockport is - upper Mill has 8J- Feet, and is capable of grinding 51 also a Market for Meal within Four or Five Miles of it. Bushels in the 24 Hours, and can work j. 7 Hours at To shew that Application had been made on behalf Three Bushels an Hour; but that the Stream can turn , of the Petitioners of the Town of Manchefiery for only One Wheel in the Short Water Months, and, if Leave for proper Persons to survey the School they work Two Wheels, there mult be a Deduction . Mills, in order to give Evidence of the State for the 17 Hours, for that the Produce would be the thereof to the Committee, and of the Refusal to fame, whether they work One Wheel or Three at the comply therewith, same Mill:

Mr. William Tompkinfon said. That on the 18th of That he did not measure the Head and Fall of Water

February last, he (with Mr. Dickinson9 One of the Peti- at the lowefi Mill, but judges it to be \\ Feet; and,

tioners, and James Witham, a Millwright in Sheffield, that he apprehends it can grind 26 Builiels in 24;

who was lent for by the Petitioners to survey the School Hours at that Head and Fall:

Mills) went with them to the highmost Mill, and saw That the middle Mill,.if employ eel in grin ding Wheat, Mr. Langlon, who told the Witness, that he was the would grind nearly the same as the Jo well, being nearly Surveyor and Head Servant, under Mr. Dazvfon, of those the same Head and Fall, but perhaps rather less:

Mills; and that the Witness asked him Leave to go into That the said Mills cannot grind more in their present the Mills, that Witham, the Millwright, might survey Condition, they being upon a different Principle from the State and Condition thereof; and that Langlon told that on which they build now; but, if put on the same . him he could not do it, for that he had received Orders Principle as Travis Mill, the upper M ill would grind to the contrary from Mr. Dazofon: That the Witness 535 Bushels a Week, Nights and Days, Sundays in- , repeated the Question, and told him, No Harm would eluded, and in One Day 76 Baihels," and the fame be done to the Mills; but Langton refused, saying, He Stream would work them 20 Hours in the 24. was only a Servant, and his Bread depended on it. And further said, That he is acquainted with the Town of

Being cross-examined, he was asked, If one Nichols Manchester, and has himself font 10 or 15 Packs offlour

17 ‘ a\Veek

31 Geo. II. 9° Ju. 299

Week there, but not within these Two Years; and that the Chief Supply is from Sheffield, Chejiertfield, and Derby: That he has boarded in Manchester a Month together, and had Acquaintance with Bakers; and that he apprehends the School Mills can’t supply the Inhabitants with Flour for Bread, and other Uses, but could not say in what Proportion; but said, that Sheffield is not so populous as MaiUhefter, and there are Eleven Mills in and about the Town, which will not supply it; but that some of the Streams there are not so good as at Manchester, and some are better, Two being upon a better Stream, One on as good, and the rest on a worse:

That he never knew or heard that any Oatmeal was ground at the School Mills, nor ever saw any Kiln there: That a great deal of Oatmeal is used in Manchester, but could not say to what Use, whether for Bread or no, and that a great deal goes out of the Town: That it requires as much Water to grind Twelve Score Weight of Oatmeal as Five Measures of Wheat.

And further said. That it is the general Opinion of the Country, that the School Mills are not capable to grind a sufficient Quantity of Corn for the Inhabitants of Manchester, or to grind it in a proper manner.

Being asked the Question, he said, There is a Method to force Mills to grind more in One Hour than usual; but that it must destroy more Water, and the Work would not be so well done.

Being cross-examined, he said, That he formed his Opinion of the Badness of the School Mills from the Goodness of Travis Mill; but that Travis Mill was built upon a different Principle, and there being more Head and Fall, and that being an Overlhot Mill, and the School Mills Underfhot: That he saw them in 1754 a great many times, Half an Hour at a time, but never saw the Flour measured: That when he saw them on the 1 ft of April instant, it was not a very dry time, there being Snow on the Hills, and that the Water was neither low nor high.

Being asked, If he did not know that Experiments were trying at the School Mills when he applied to fee them on the said ift of April? he said. He did not, and that no Application was made afterwards to Mr. Dazv-son, as he knows of.

Being asked, If any Improvement could be made in the Head and Fall between the upper and lower Mills ? he said, Not to Advantage: That the Bed of the River might be lowered, but it would not increase the Fall: That it might be lowered below the lower Mill, perhaps Two Yards, but it would then bring the Broad Water back:

Being asked, Whether, if the River was lowered, and the middle Mill destroyed, it would pen up the upper Mill ? he said, it would not; but as it is between Two Rocks, it would be liable to bring Back-water, it being now liable in Flood time; and that if the Bed of the River below the lower Mill was dug ever so deep, the Level of the Water would be the fame, because -the Water behind would come up flowing to the Wheel: That there is a little Fall at present, which is wanted in Floods:

That the Power of an Ovcrfliot Mill is more than an Underfhot, or a Breast-wqrk: And being asked the Difference, he said, If 10 Foot Head will grind 90 Bushels a Day, the raising it will grind so much more in proportion, and that a frnaller Quantity of Water will turn an Overfliot Mill than an Underfhot: That he could not contrive any Improvement to make them grind so much as Travis Mill; and that if as great Improvements are made as can be, they would grind alike in the Three Mills as in One Overlhot Mill: That if the middle Mill was destroyed, there would be no Mill for grinding Malt; and if the Stones were to be put into the upper Mill for Malt, there must be less Wheat ground there.

Mr. Jq/eph NichoLls being further examined, And being asked. What Means he used to take the Head and Fall of the Water? belaid, That he, with one Mr.

Vol. 28.

Taylor, took a Spirit Level, but was prevented uflngit by a Person who he was told was Mr. Dazvfon's Agent at the Mills: That the Witness told him they came to take a Survey of the Heads of Water; who answered, That they should not do it, nor the Persons who sent them: That the Miller was also there; and that they having fixed the Spirit Level, when a Person like a Parson came out, and threatened to throw them into the Water: That they also made an Attempt on the other Side of the Water, but that the Millers stoned them, which prevented them taking the Level.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the Petition of the Feoffees of the Free Grammar School and School Mills in the Town of Manchester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Mr. John Houghton; being examined, said, That he uitderftauds the Nature and Construction of Mills in general, and particularly Water Mills: That he has been several times in the School Mills: That there are Three Wears and Three Edifices, and surveyed them particularly on the 31st of March and ift of AprilX^H:

That in the upper Mill there are Three Water Wheels, that on the Right Hand turns a Pair of Malt Stones and a Pair of Blue Stones, but not both together; the Wheel on t he Left Hand turns Two Pair of Stones occasionally or separately, the uppermost called Irish, and the lower-most Grey Stones; and the Third Water Wheel turns a Pair of Greet Stones: That there are Four Pair for grinding Wheat, and One Pair for Malt, but those for Malt seem not to have been used a good while:

That, at the middle Mill, there are Two Water Wheels, One of which turns Two Pair of Stones for grinding Malt together or separately, the other One Pair of Blue Stones for grinding Wheat:

That, at the lower Mill, there are also Two Water Wheels, and that each turns One Pair of Greet Stones for grinding Wheat:

That he took the Depth of the Pool at the upper Mill for 449 Yards, and found it to be Four Feet; and the Depth for 98 Yards higher 2^ Feet, and the Medium Breadth to be 10 Yards and -j%ths:

That he made his Observations on the Power of these Mills on the ift of April; and on his Journey to Man-chester, on the 3 ill of March, he took particular Notice of the Rivulets, River, and Ditches, and also of the River Irk, upon which these Mills (land, and judged them to be about the same State of Lowness as, at a Medipm, they are in the Short Water Months, having often seen the Water near these Mills in those Months: That he did not measure all the Stones and Wheels at the upper Mill, but measured the Left Hand Water Wheel, which was between 14 and 15 Feet Diameter, and the Ladles were 2 Feet 1 Inch long, by 9 Inches deep; and measured only the Pair of Grey Stones, \yhich were Feet 6 Inches Diameter:

That, on the said ill of April, about 2 o’Clock in the Afternoon, he saw Five Bulhcls of Wheat measured, and put into the Hopper; he took the Depth from the Surface of the Water to a certain Mark in the Wall, and looked at his Watch when the Mill began to grind, and in 53 Minutes it had completely ground it: That he then went and measured the Depth, from the Surface of the Water to the same Mark in the Wall, and found it had fallen 1 Inch and 3 Quarters; he then ordered the Gates to be flopped, and looked at his Watch, and found the Water had risen to the same Height it was at the first in 7 Minutes, so that the Water was in the same State at the End of the Hour it was at the Beginning.

Being asked, What was the Power of this Wheel for 24 Hours r he laid. That Day it would have ground 120 Bushels, and might have flood Hill 7 Minutes every Hour; and that it will grind, at a Medium, in the Short Water Months, 120 Bushels every 24 Hours: That he believes it was the natural Head of the Water, as he ordered a Person to go to the Mill Pool at Travis Mill, with Directions to come tt) him if they begun to

grind;

Manchester School Mills.

Manchester

School

Mills.

300 9°

grind; but he not coming, and to be more certain, sent a Man out of the Mill, who brought me Word they were not grinding, for that the Water run over the Wear.

Being aflced, what Observations he had made at the middle Mill? He said, he did not fee the Wheat Mill grind; but judges, that it will grind, in the short Water Months, 63 Buihels every 24 Hours; that he believes the Height of the Wear is about Half as high as the upper Wear; and, from that Proportion, the upper Mill ought to grind in proportion to the middle Mill, as 17 to 12; upon which Calculation, it would grind rather more than 63 Bushels, supposing it to go 18 Hours in trio

And being asked, Whether it would grind that Quantity of Wheat, over and above the Malt, in the short Water Months? he said. He believed it would; and that he allowed the other Six Hours for the Malt; and his Reason for it was, that there was less Malt 11 fed and ground in the ikort Water Months, and that the Power of the said Mill might then be employed in grinding Wheat:

That he believed the lower Mill would grind 72 Bushels in 24 Hours, in ihefliort Water Months:

That, while they were making Experiments at the upper Mill, the Doors were wide open, and saw no body refused Admittance: That there was no Grain in the Mill in the Morning the y made the Experiment; but was obliged to get an Acquaintance to buy 20 Bushels of Wheat in the Market, in order to make the Trial.

Beingafked, Why he formed hisCalculation upon One Experiment only ? he said, Because, upon making an Experiment upon another Pair of Stones in the same Mill, and observing an Irregularity in the Motion of the Stones,he examined into the Cause, and found, that Two Ladles together were wantingin the Wheel, which made him conclude it improper to found a Calculation upon: That there is a Bolting Mill for dressing Flouradjacentto the said Mill, with a distinct Water Wheel, which is turned by the Stream after it has passed the said Mill.

Beingafked as to the Goodness of the Flour, in general, ground at these Mills, he said, that the Flour ground that Day appeared to him to be very well ground; and that he frequently eats Bread, Pyes, and Puddings, in Families who grind their Corn only at that Mill, which appeared to him as good as any he met with elsewhere.

Being asked. What Improvements might be made in these Mills? he said, They would be improved by altering the Postion of the Mill Gates, and by enlarging the Diameter of the Trundle of One of the Pair of Stones in the upper Mill, which, he believed, might be done for about £. 40: That they would then be able to grind some more, but can’t say how much: That they may be further improved by takingdownthe middle Wear, and cutting a Channel in the Rock to the upper Wear, and converting the Wheels in the upper Mill into Overshot. Wheels, which, in his Opinion, may be done: That there might then be Two Water Wheels, which might turn Two or Three, and believes Four, Pair of Stones, together, each, or separately, as there might be more or less Water:

That, at the lower Mill, he should make One Water Wheel only with broader Ladles to turn Two Pair of Malt Stones, or Two Pair of Wheat Stones; the Wheat Stones to grind together or separately, according to the Quantity of Water; but that he could not say precisely what the Power of these Mills would be, with these Improvements, compared with their present Power:

That he believes about ^ds of a Pound of Wheat Flour is as much as is generally consumed by each Person in a Day one with another; and that he believes One Pound of Wheat will make One Pound of Bread; that he computed each Person in his Family, which confills of Ten Persons; viz. himself. Brother, Siller, 3 Daughters, the youngest of whom is 13 Years old, 3 Maid Servants, and 1 Man Servant, eats-^ths of a Pound a Day, one time with another; and that he apprehends more is consumed at a Medium in his Family than is generally in the

rnii. 1758.

Town, because he has frequently Country People coming to him, who eat Bread and Cheese; and that, according to this Proportion, he believes more Corn might he ground at the School Mills than would supply 17,000 Persons a Day in thefhort Water Months; that a very inconsiderable Quantity of Oat Bread is eat in his Family, only a little Oat Cake for Breakfast, his Servants and Family eating Wheat Bread; that he believes there is not so much Flour consumed in the Summer as in Winter, because Beans, Peas, Potatoes, and Vegetables, are then much eat:

That it is the common Opinion, that Corn may be fetched away from the School Mills, if it is not ground in 24 Hours; and that he is frequently in Manchester, and never heard any Complaint of Wheat being taken away for want of grinding.

Beingcross-examined,hesaid, Thathewas notaMiller or Millwright; and that the Knowledge he has of Mills is as a Gentleman, though not without examining, which he did to be satisfied in a Point which was disputed at a Town in which he frequently was; and that One Hour’s Experiment had satisfied him with regard to the present Power of the Mills; and laid that, at the time of his viewing the said Mills, he had no Intention of being examined as a Witness before your Committee:

That he was never concerned in building Mills or repairing them; but has frequently been in Mills, and observed the Mechauifm of them.

Beingafked ifhehadat anytime exprefledhis Determination to oppose the present Application to Parliament ? he said, He had laid so, and that he has been at Two Meetings of Gentlemen who oppose, and therefpoke his Sentiments against applying to Parliament to break the Custom, and gave his Advice why the Application was not at this time proper: but that he is not to contribute towards the Expence of the Opposition, nor does he expert it:

That he did not make any Calculation how much Water was reduced at the Head of the Stream, when he observedtheWaterat the Dam, nordoeshe know the Reduction of the Water at any other Place than the Dam Head; or whether any Stonesor Wheels were at Work at Travis Mill during his Experiment; but that he sent a Man whom he did not know, because several Persons in the Mill said, they were lure Travis Mill was not at Work, as he apprehended it material to the Truth, to know whether is was or was not, as it would make a Difference in the Calculation; but that he did not fend him till after the First Hour was gone; and that there was about 20 Minutes between his First and Second Experiment.

And, being asked what his Second Experiment was, he said, he law Five Buihels of Wheat more measured, and put into the Hopper, which was 57 Minutes in grinding, exclusive of the Toll which was taken out before it was ground.

Being alkecl, If he observed, how long the Water was before it recovered its former State upon this Experiment r he said, He ordered the Mill. Gate to be put down; but recollecting, that an Experiment was making at the same time at the lower Mill, he should deprive them of the Water by R?ing continued flint, he ordered them to be opened; but t hat the Water at this time did not run over the Wear.

Being alked, How he was able to form a Judgment of the Power of the School Mills, not knowing whether Travis Mill was working or not? hcsaid, LTpon Belief that it was not, for the Reasons he had given, and also for this Reason, that having measured from the Surface of the Water to the said Mark in the Wall, about a Quarter of an Hour or Ten M inut es before the Mill begun to grind, and found that the Distance was Six Inches and a Half; and measuring it again, at the time the Mill was beginning to grind, lie found it had fallen to Seven Inches and a Quarter, winch induced him to believ6 Travis Mill was done grinding, and said that he had no other Reason:

That

3i Geo. II.

301

That the First Experiment was made on the blue Stones on the right Hand going into the Mill; but that he did not measure the Depth of the Dam, or the Breadth of the Gate.

Being asked, If he knew the Proportion of Power which Water loses by being drawn down ? he said, That the Proportion of Power at different Heights of Water, supposing the same Quantity to pats through the Mi!i Gate, he bblieved to be in the Proportion of the Square Roots of the Heights; and, suppofingOne to be N?nc and t he ot her Four, he apprehends the Power will he diminished in proportion as Two to Three; that there is no particular Advantage from the Length of the Dam, it depending upon the Quantity?of Water; that the Dam is in Breadth at one Place 40 Feet:

That he did not Weigh the Five Bushels of Corn he saw ground; nor is he so good a Judge whether the Corn was so well ground, or whether the Bran wti§ properly separated from the Flour, as a Baker:

That from Five Buftiels of Wheat there will be more or less Bran in proportion to the Fineness of t he Sieve; that he has Corn ground at Mr. Tntton's Mill, and has generally 240 Pounds of Flour from Five Bushels, after the Toll is taken out, and that he eltimates the Bushel at 60 Pounds; that he never knew any Malt ground at what he called the Malt Stones in the upper Mill; nor did he ever know any Wheat ground at the middle Mill, or that any Oatmeal was ever ground at any of the School Mills, there being no Conveniency for drying or grinding Oats; and that in his Calculation, that the said Mills would grind enough Corn for 17,000 Inhabitants, he included what he imagined might be ground at the middle Mill:

That, when he made the Experiment at the upper Mill, hedoes not know that every Thing wagput into the bed Order, so as to grind as expeditiously as might be: That he reckons the short Water Months tobe, Jtf/y, Auvvjt, a nd S\ p cmher:

That- he never met with any white Bread, which was made of Corn ground at the School Mills or any other, the common Bread being I loufebold; nor does lie know that the Com, of which the same was made, was ground at the School Mills, otherwise than he was told by the Matters of Families where he eat it:

That he made his Calculation of the Expence of the Repairs of the said Mills at a random Gucfs, and did not mean to be exact:

That his Family consists of Ten Persons; and that lie thinks the said Mills will grind Corn sufficie - n*r the Inhabitants of Manchester; and that he calcuia *' linn to grind 255 Bushels a Day, which, at Go lb. a Li. I 1, comes to 15,300 lb. and, allowing T*vths of a Pound a Day to each Perfo*.:, it amounts to 13,600; and that he supposes 120 Bushels to be ground at the upper Mill, 63 at the middle Mill, and 72 at the lower M;il; that he had made no particular Remark of the Number of Country People resorting to the Market at Manchester; but believes not above One in Ten eat in the Town; and that it is the Course of Business for Weavers and Manufacturers to resort thither out of the Country to receive and carry back their Work, and if they eat in the Town it's not more than One Meal:

That he has no Reason to believe the middle Mill will do more in proportion than the upper Mill, but he supposes it in the 18 Hours to ttop Seven Minutes each llour; and that it would grind 63 Bushels in that time, artd would grind 240 Bushels of Malt in the other Six Hours, with the same Intervals of Seven Minutes each Hour.

Being asked, If-the whole 24 Hours were employed in grinding Wheat thei e, and there is but Half the Head and Fall as is at the upper Mill, whether it could grind Half, or more than Half, the Quantity of the upper Mill, and for what Reason? he said. He believed it would grind more than Half the Quantity; and, being asked how much more ? he laid, Nearly in the Proportion as 12 to 1-7; and that his Reason for this Difference ivas, that the Force of all Bodies in Motion is as the Vol. 28.

Quantity and Velocity together, the Quantity being ManchefteH the same as tile Velocity, and the Velocity of Water StilooJ issuing out of Orifices^ at different Depths, he apprehends to he nearly in proportion to the Square Roots of their Heights; which, in the same of double Heights, is nearly in the Proportion of 17 to 12:

That there need be no Allowance out of the 24 Hours for picking the Stones, Repairs, or Accident s, at the upper Mill; because there are Two Water Wheels, and one may always go while ihe other ftimds still.

Being asked, Whether, if a Mill, where the Head and Fall is Light Feet with the same Stream, would grind 17 Measures in the same time as one of Fobr Feet would grind 12, and so vice versa ? he Paid,5 That sup-pofingan equal Quantity of Water to fall upon the Ladles in the same time, it would; and that, if the Appertures were exactly the fame, he believed the upper Mill would do double the Work in any given Time, and his Calculation is upon the Two Mills working the same Number of Hours:

That, when he made his Experiment, the utmost Force of the Witter was not applied; but can’t tell what Quantity, nor how high the Gates were drawn; nor did he apprehend there was any Reason for knowing it, because the Method he took to Calculate the Force by did not require it; for if the Water returned to the same Height at the End of the Hour, it was at the Beginning, with resting Seven Minutes every Hour, it woqld continue grinding the 24 Hours:

Thai Oats would be ground in less time than Wheat: and that the Stones could be made to grind them, with Alterations; but, as they are now hung, they cannot:

That he has made mechanical Powers his particular Study, and has studied the Power of Walter; and that’ he has seen Corn ground at other Mills, and thinks that which is ground at the School Mills as good as at such Mills.

Mr. William Qrfoi'd, a Miller and Millwright, being examined, said. That lie has built several Mills, and rents Two Mills, and has another of his own; that he knows the School Mills at Manchester, and has been in them; that the upper Mill confers of Two Edifices, and the Head of Water is Seven Feet Seven Inches; that there are Three Water Wheels, One at the East End, and Two at the West; that at the East End turns One Pair of Stones for grinding Wheat, and a Pair which have ground Malt sometimes; that one of the Wheels at the West End, next the EW, turns One Pair of blue and One Pa ir of grey Stones, together or separately, for grinding \\ heat, and the other Wheel, down the Stream;

.tin ns One Pair of grey Stones also for Wheat; that the W heel at the East End is 15 Feet Diameter, the Length of 1 he Ladle Two Feet One Inch, with a Cog Wheel of 60 Cogs 4^- Inches Pitch, which makes a Cog Wheel of Seven Foot Four Inches Diameter, Ten Stales in the Trundles, which makes a Pair of Trundles of 16 Inches Diameter, which turns a Pair of blue Stones of Four Feet Diameter, and makes Six Resolutions to the Water Wheel’s One:

That the Wheel at the West End, nearest the Pool, is 15 Feet Diameter, the Length of the Ladle 2 Foot 3, Inches, with a Cog Wheel of 60 Cogs 4^ Inches Pitch, which makes-a Cog Wheel of Seven Feet Four Inches Diameter, with a Pair of Trundles of Ten Staves, which make a Pair of Trundles of l6 Inches Diameter, and turns a blue Stone of Four Foot Nine Inches Diameter, or thereabouts, and makes Six Resolutions to the Water Wheel’s one; and that the same Cog Wheel turns another Cog Wheel with 24 Cogs, which make a Wheel of Three Foot One Inch Diameter, upon the same Shalt, another Cog Wheel of 4 j Cogs Four Inches,

Pitch, which makes a Cog Wheel of Four Feet Eight Inches Diameter, with a Pair of Trundles of Eleven Staves, which make a Pair of Trundles of 16 Indies Diameter, which turns a Pair of blue Slones of Four Feet Two Indies Diameter, and make Ten Resolutions to the Water Wheel’s One:

I hat the other Wheel, at the West End, is 15 Feet 4H Dianeter*

3 02

9* Junk.

A. 1758*

Manchester Diameter, the Length of the Ladle Two Feet Two School Mills. |nc|ieS) With a Cog Wheel of 48 Cogs 5I Inches Pitch, which makes a Cog Wheel of Seven Feet Two Inches Diameter, with a Pair of Trundles of Fight Staves, which make a Pair of Trundles of i6f Inches Diameter, which turns a Pair of grey Stones of Five Feet Four Inches Diameter, and make Six Resolutions to the Water Wheel's One; that there is also One Water Wheel for Bolting in a separate Building:

That the Head of Water at the middle Mill is Three Feet Eleven Inches, and has Two Water Wheels, one for grinding Malt, the other for Wheat; that for Malt is 15 Feet Diameter, the Length of the Ladle Two Feet Four Inches, which turns Two Pair of Malt Stones of Three Feet Diameter; and that for grinding Wheat is 15 Feet Six Inches Diameter, with a Ladle of 2 Feet 2f Inches long, which turns a Cog Wheel of 60 Cogs 4f Pitch, which makes a Cog Wheel of Seven Feet Eight Inches Diameter* which turns a Pair of Trundles of Ten Staves, which makes a Pair of Trundles of 17 Inches Diameter, and turns a Pair of blue Stones of Four Feet Diameter, and makes Six Resolutions to the Water Wheel's One:

That the Head of Water at the lower Mill is Three Feet Eleven Inches, and has Two Water 'Wheels for grinding Wheat, one of which stands across the Stream

appeared to him to Hand for want of Corn to grind, it being in good Repair:

That he is fore the middle Mill will grind 3} ButficM an Hour, for 18 I lours out of the 24, and he fiiuuld take the other Six Hours for Malt:

That at the upper Mill, in the other Nine Months, he thinks they may work Two Water Wheels for' 20 Hours out of the 24, which will grind Nine Bushels an Hour:

That the middle Mill, in those Nine Months, will grind 4- Bushels an Hour lor 20 Hours out of the 24; and that there will be Water enough left for grinding the Malt at the same time; and at the lower Mill, in those Months, they could work Two Wheels at a time, and Two Pair of Stones, for 20 Hours out of the 24, and could grind Seven Bushels an Hour, which is 41a Bushels a Day:

That lie can't certainly say, how long Flour will keep after it's ground; but that it’s not worse for keeping Six or Eight Weeks, having seen Flour kept so Jong: That an Improvement might be made at the said Mills at a small Expence, by setting the Cloughs, which let the Water upon the Wheel, nearer to the Wheel, so that the Water may have the full Force, and altering some of the Trundles, by making feme larger and some less, which may be done for about ^.40; and that the in-

in a Tunnel, and is 15 Feet Three Indies Diameter, creased Power of the Mills, with these Alterations*

with a Ladle of Two Feet Six Inches long, and turns a Cog Wheel of 48 Cogs 5- Inches Pitch, which makes a Cog Wheel of Seven Feet Two Inches Diameter, which turns a Pair of Trundles of Nine Staves, which makes a Pair of Trundles of 19 Inches Diameter, which turns a Pair of Stones of Five Feet Four Inches Diameter, and make 5^ths Resolutions to the Water Wheel’s One; that the other Water Wheel stands strait with the Stream, and is 14! Feet Diameter, with a Ladle of Two Feet Three Inches long, which work a Cog Wheel of Cogs 5 Inches Pitch, which makes a Cog Wheel of Five Feet Diameter, with a Pair of Trundles of Eight Staves, which makes a Pair of Trundles of 15 Inches Diameter, which turns a Pair of grey Stones of Five Feet Six Inches Diameter, and make Resolutions to the Water Wheel’s One; and that all the Three Heads of Water together are 15 Feet 5 Inches:

That he made hisObfervation on those Mills on the First of April last; and the Weather was then very fair and hot, having been no Rain or Snow, as he remembers, for Six or Seven Days before; that lie reckons the ihort Water Months are, May, June, and July.

Being atked, If the Water was that Day as it is, upon a Medium, in the short Water Months ? he said, It was very clear, and looked very much like Spring Water, and thinks it was so; and does not think in any Three Months of the Year, for 20 Days together, the Water would be lower than it was then:

That, at the upper Mill, he saw a Pair of Stones at the Raft End grind, and law Five Bushels of Wheat measured into the Hopper (Mr. Houghton was present); that he put his Hand into the Flour as it was grinding, and found that it ground it well, and when there was a Bushel ground, he went to level the Water, first by a Spirit Level, and then from Surface to Surface by a Staff, and found the Surface to be Seven* Feet Seven Inches high; and that he thinks this M 11, upon the present Construction, will grind Five Bushels an Hour, for 24 1 lours together, in the short Water Months:

That he then went to the lower Mill, and saw Five Bushels of Wheat measured into the Hopper, which was an Hour and 26 Minutes in grinding; and that he could not perceive the Water \yas Half an Inch below the Wear which run over it, before the Mill began to grind; and that he computes this Mill will grind 78 Bushels in 24 Hours, in the ihort Water Months; that, when it was first set to work, it did not grind so fail as at the last, and if it was in eonstant Practice it would have ground falter; that there was no Corn there but the Five Bushels brought to make the Experiment; and that it

would be a Quarter of a Bushel at every. Wheel: That he could make a further Improvement by taking down the middle Mill, and laying both Heads of Water of the upper and middle Mill together, and making Two Overfiiot Wheels at the upper Mill to turn Eight Pair of Stones, to work Two Pair at a time with each Wheel; that, with this Alteration, he lliould expect each Wheel to turn Two Pair of Stones constantly in the short Water Months, each Pair to grind Three Bushels an, Hour, and would continue the 24 Hours:

That at the lower Mill, suppoling the middle Mill to be taken away, he would have only One Ui.iderfhot Wheel, with a Ladle of about 4 £ Feet long, (o turn Two Pair of Stones for gi hiding Wheat, and Two Pair

for Malt, to grind together or separatdv; that, with th is Alteration, it would grind, in the short Water Months, Four Bushels an I lour for 18 I lours (allowing the other Six for Malt), which amounts to 90 Bushels a Day; and he would under take to make this Alteration for jf. 1,000 with the old Materials:

That, in the other‘Nine Months, the upper Mi!! would then grind 16 Bushels an Hour, with the* Four Pair of Stones; because they could lay more Water upon the

Wheels, and would grind 3S4 Bushels a Dav; and that the lower Mill would grind Eight Bushels an Hour, and would work 16 Hours out of the 24 (allowing the Remainder for Malt), which makes 128 Bushels a Day.

Being asked, What was the Consumption of Corn by each Individual, and how he made his Calculation ? he said, That once a Month he takes a Bushel of Corn from his Mill, which serves his Family, which consists of himself, his Wife, a Boy of about 13 or 14, and a Girl of Four Years of Age, for Four Weeks; and that a Peck of this FlourWill weigh 18 Pounds, which serves them a Week for Bread, Pyes, and Dnmplins, which for each Person is Four Pounds and a Half; and that he reckons the general Consumption for One Person a Day is Ten Ounces One Quarter, and, according to which Calculation, 17,000 Persons cat 10,890 Pounds a Day, which, at 6o//>. to the Bushel, is 181^- Bushels, or, at 72 lb. to the Bushel, 155 Bushels :‘

That, from hisObfervation, the Flour ground at these Mills was as good as lie has seen at any other Mills, and was fit for the heft White Bread: That the l oll taken at the lower Mill was 11 J Pounds out of Five Bushels, it was taken by a Toll liilh; that, at the Mill where he works, they take 16 lb. out of Four Bushels; and that the Toll at thele Mills is the least he ever heard of: That Frofts would not aflcct them, only decay the Water.

Being cross-exatnined, he laid, That he lives Twelve computed Miles from Mandiejtcv, that he had been in the said

31 Geo. II.

9

3°3

faicl Mills Three times* the Tirit time was about Seveii Years ago, and the Second and lait times was on the 31 March and :ll of A fir'd last,nvhich was by Order of Mr. Gwiiliam, who directed him to go to Manchtjicr to Mr. Kennion, who would direct a Person to go with him to take a View of the Mills; and that Mr. Houghton went Vvith him on the Friday.

Being a iked, If any Person was there during his Experiment, on behalf of the Inhabitants of Manchester ? he laid. One Mr. Mqffcij was there:

That lie law Two Pair of Stones grind at the upper M ill; One Pair about a Bushe), the other very little, perhaps about a Peck:

That he law a little Malt ground at the middle Mill; but can’t lay what Quantity, but believes about a Bushel; but that lie never saw either of the said Mills grind before nor lince:

That he flayed at the lower Mill about Two Hours; and saw all the Corn put into the Hopper ground: That while he was making the Experiment there, the Clough of the Upper Mill was drawn, but does hot know to what Height: and that the Water run over the Wear at the upper Mill before they began to grind; but does not know whether any, or how many. Wheels or Stones were going at Travis Mill while he was making the Experiment at the School Mills.

Being alked. Whether the Quantity of Water, which run over the Wear, mull not be greater or Iefs according to Travis Mill working or not ? he said, He could not tell.

B ring alked, Whether, if the Cloughs at the upper Mill were drawn, and the Water run over the Wear at the same time, the lower Mill, in Inch Cafe, has not more than the common Current ? he said, That if the Three Cloughs were drawn, and the Water run over the Wear, there mud be more than the common Current: That there were Two Cloughs drawn in all at the upper Mill, but only one at a time; when one was flint down another was drawn up, but can’t tell to what Height: That the Stones were not taken up and picked in his Presence; nor does he know whether any Corn was ground fmee they were picked before the Experiment, or what Work there is in the Stones, the Number of Quarters, Lands, and Furrow, or how the Mailer Furrow is laid to the Center; and he said, that this Knowledge was proper and necessary in order to make his Calculation, and to ascertain the Goodness of the Work done; but that he had not time to take up the Stones,« but made his Calculation-from the Head of Water and the Wheels, and from the Experiment of what he saw them grind, and therefore did not think it necessary to take them up; and that lie thinks One View is not fufflcient to ascertain the Average of what the Millscando: That all the School Mills work in the same Form. And being asked, Supposing the upper Mill will grind 120 Bulheis in 24 Hours, and has Seven Feet Seven Inches Head, what Quantity the middle Mill will grind with the same Stream and Three Feet 11 Inches Head? he faicl, 3! Bushels an Hour, and continue it 24 Hours: That lie cannot tell whether Six Hours would be fufii-cient for the grinding of Malt for the Inhabitants ot Manchester: That he never erected any Wheels, or did any Mill Work upon the Stream where these Mills stand, nor ever took particular Notice of the Water before the said 31 March and ill of April lait:

That in all the Mills there are Seven Water Wheels for Wheat and Malt, and One for Bolting; and Ten Pair of Stones.

And being asked. Whether Two of the present Wheels and Two Pair of Stones in the upper Mill, One Wheel and One Pair of Stones in the lower Mill, and a Pair of Cubs for grinding Malt, would be Sufficient alone to grind all the Corn, Grain, and Malt, for the Inhabitants of Manchester, in the short Water Months ? he said. That the upper Mill would grind 4^ Bushels an Hour, lor 24 Hours, as the Water was when he saw it, working One Wheel at a time, and the lower Mill Bushels Vet. 28.

an Hour, for 18 Hours, ahd, with a Pair of1 Cubs, 36 MaheheRc? Bushels of Malt an Hour, for Six Hours: Sch°o1

That they may grind Grotts at the said Mills 5 but that there is no Kiln for drying Oats:

That lie uses no Oatmeal in his Family, only foif lithing of Broth, nor does he use any Grotts; but that other Families do; in many Places they are 11 fed for Gruel and Puddings: That he never font arly Corn ground at his Mill to Manchester:

Being alked, Whether the lower and middle will grind equally ? he said, That the blue Stories at the middle Mill grind falter, from the Nature of the Stone, than the grey Stones; That he does not know what Force of Water wasappl ied to t he Wheels when he was making the Experiment: That he has seen Eleven BulhelsofWheat ground in an Hour withOne Pair of Stories at his Mill at AStf7z/cey, with about Four Feet Six Inches Head of Water:

That Wheat, ground on blue Stones, will make as good Flour as on French Burs; and, if he \tas to grind the Wheat but once, he would chute to have it ground on blue Stones:

That, if the proposed Improvements were to take place; he would make upright Shafts, as the Mills would then grind better, than in their present Way, they would go quieter and smoother in their Geer; that Improvements cannot be made without Money; but does not know whether the Feoffees have Power to raise Money for that Purpose or not:

That he believes, when he saw the River Irk on the First of April, it was all Spring Water; but that Springs are not always the same Height, and did not take particular Notice, whether the Springs were as low then as he had everfeenthem; but that his own Mill was then scarce of Water: That he had never attended much to the Rife and Fall of Springs, nor does not know when they are at the highest* but said, they are at the lowed in August.

Being asked. How he could say what the School Mills would do in the short Water Months, if he had taken no Notice of the Height of Springs ? he said, Because the Water was clear, and there having been no Rain for Seven or Eight Days; but that the Water would have been as clear, if the Springs had afforded only Half the Quantity; and that he does not know how low the M ater would be, but from what he has heard; and that his Calculation was made, from supposing the Body of Water, on the said ift of April, the same it would be in the short Water Months.

Being asked. Whether he calculated the Water tobg' at the lowed, or at a supposed Medium it would be, in the short Water Months ? He said, he supposed it would be never 20 Days together, but would be lower, and computed it to be in the same State it would be, at a Medium, in the lliort Water Months.

Richard Howorth, a Miller, being examined, said.

That he is Servant to Mr. Dazojon, and has worked at the School Mills Three Years: That he calls the Months of June, July, and August, the short Water Months; ami that the upper Mill,at which he is Miller, will grind 20 Load a Day in the dryed Weather he ever knew, and has* seen ’em do it, and will do that Quantity at a Medium,

011c Day with another; and has known them do more, but that it has been on a Rife of Water; and that they work the Seven Days: That he can’t tell what Quantity can be ground at the middle Mill, but has seen ’em grind Eight Load of Malt with Two Pair of Stones, in an Hour:

That he has seen them grind Wheat there, and, in his Opinion, if the Wheat Mill mull go, it would grind 4

Bushels an Hour; but that it cannot go in the dry Months while the Malt is grinding; but that, in dry times, very little Malt is ground: That there is not so much Malt used in Manchester in the short Water Months, as at other times; and that Hours out of the 24 will be suficient in those Months to grind Malt for the said Town; and they may grind 4^ Bulheis of Wheat an Hour, for 14 Hours out of the 24:

That he has seen Wheat ground at the lower Mill, but can’t say what Quantity it will grindi and said, that all

304 9° Junii. 1758.

Manchester the Three Mills; viz. the upper, middle, and lower oj! aI j 11 'S, Mills, can always work together, in the short Water Months, 18 Hours out of the 24:

That, in the other Nine Months, the upper Mill will grind 40 Load a Day: That he has seen Flour ground at other Mills; and laid, that which is ground at these Mills, as to its Colour and Goodnels, is as good as any he ever saw in his Life:

That there has been no Work at Ihefe Mills, but what has come to the upper Mill, for Six Months together, which was between January and June; and that only One Pair of Stones was employed at the upper Mill; and that his Reason for saying so was, because the Carrier brought it all to his Mill, there being but One Carrier who carries Wheat; and if the other Mills were going at the same time he mult have known it, because he would have told him if any Wheat had been left at those Mills: That it has been the Custom, during the Three Years he has lived there, for the Carrier to bring all the Wheat to the upper Mill, if it is not fully employed; and that he never knew of any Orders given by Mr. Dawson for that Purpose:

That Corn may be taken away, if not ground, in 24 Hours; but that, during the Three Years he has lived there, he never knew any taken away for want of grinding: That he remembers. Three Years ago (in the Month of March) 60 Load was font to the upper Mill in One Day by the Bakers in Manchester, which was ground in 24 Hours; that there was a great Quantity sent for a Fortnight together, but can’t tell the exact Quantity; that some of it continued unground for Six or Eight Weeks, they having forbid us to grind it; and that he believes there were 30 Loads of Flour remained at the Mill for Two Months after it was ground:

That these Mills grind for Bakers and others, besides those in Manchester, and never heard any Complaint that Corn was not well ground; and that lie never knew them (topped by Frofts since he lived there: That he has known the River 30 Years, and it is a very constant River, the Foundation being aSpring, its chief Dependance being upon Springs:

That he remembers a Person coming to his Mill in February lait; and that he pretended to be a Millwright, and wanted Work: ri hat Two Pair of blue Stones were then at Work; but that neither he nor the Witness measured any of die Stones, or Corn then grinding; nor did he draw the Gate to any extraordinary Height, to use a greater Force to the Mill than usual at that time: That the Dam was full, but 110 extraordinary Weight of Water on the Mill; and that the Water then run over the Yy ear; and find, that he had seen Nicholls the Morning of his (the Witness’s) Examination, and talked with him, and knows him to be the same Person who was at his Mill; and that he knew the Witness.

Being cross-examined, he said. That it was his Business to grind all the Corn at the upper Mill: That he kept an Account of the 60 Load which he ground as aforesaid, because it was a particular Pu(h, and muitbe ground by the next Day; but that he did not take it in Writing, but saw it, and ground it; and that he never kept any Account, but of this, in the wet Months; and that this was the most he ever ground in a Day in the wet Months; and 20 Loads the most in the dry Months: That the First Parcel, of about 14 Lead, came about Ten o'Clock in the Morning, the Second about 12, the Third about Two in the Afternoon, and the 1 aft Parcel, he believes, before it was dark, and is sure there were 60 Load in the whole, which was all ground by 10 o’Clock the next Day: That he took a particular Account in July last, because there was a great Quantity of Corn brought to be ground to be given to the Poor; and that he ground 20 Load a Day for Seven or Eight Days together; but cannot say what time it was in July, but it was a dry time, there having been no Rain while he was grinding it; and can always do that Quantity, if they have it to grind:

That lie has (lopped several times, during the Three *4

Years, for vvaiit of Water, for an Hour together; but nevermore, and never more than twice a Day: That he never had 10 Load a D;ty to grind, but at that time, in the Summer Months.

Being aiked, How lie could fuy it would grind 20 Load a Day, in the short Water Months, if he never had it but at this time ? he said, He knows it will do it, if they had it to grind: That lie never saw the Water lower than it was those Seven or Eight Days; but has seen it as low; and that there was no Difference in the State of the Water during that time:

That, in the short Water Months,.there always comes One Stream, and sometimes Two; and that they sometimes work with One Stream, and sometimes Two: That there are Mills above, and, when they fend Water with a Bit of a Frelh, he lets Two Mills agait; which they did about Three times a Day during those Seven or Eight Days; and, when he saw the Water abate, he (lopped One Mill.

Being aiked. How many Bushels he ground in an Hour those Seven Days ? He said, he could not tell; and being asked, how many Meafores ? he said. He ground 4^ Bushels an Hour; but said he did not take Notice how much he ground an Hour: That he stopped Three Hours in the 24; but that One Mill kept always' going during the whole Seven Days, sometimes both went for Two Hours together. Two or Three times a Day as Freihes came; and that there was no body to work these Mills but himself: That, when lie went to Bed, another Miller (One Boyle) from the middle Mill, attended to aflifi him: but lie did not come every Night, and has watched himself Four Nights together, and sometimes Six out of Seven; and he watched that Week Four Nights and Five Days without deeping, Roylc not coming till the Fifth Night.

Being asked, How he knew what was ground when he was asleep ? he said, He law the Flour ground in the Morning, and he continued to grind the red himself: That he grinds sometimes a Fortnight before the Stones are picked; but said, they will grind fader when new picked.

Being asked, Ifthereare not Two Ladles wanting in One of the Wheels at the upper Mill ? he said, Not that he knows of; that there is One wanting, which makes no Difference; but, if there were Two, it might be felt: That the Toll was taken out of the 20 Load of Corn, which, he said, was ground in July, before it was ground, which is a 24th Part: That they grind at the upper Mill both for private People and Bakers, but more for Bakers than private Families, in a general Way; and that the 60 Loads were sent wholly by the Bakers; and the 20 Loads from Gentlemen in the Town, who gave Money to purchase Corn for the Use of the Poor, as he was told by the Steward, who came with it, and had no particular Orders as to the grinding it, and it was ground in the usual Wav: That there was a great deal of Subscription Corn ground at Smedley Mill, and Pendleton Mill, but does not know the Quantity: That, while he was grinding the Subscription Corn, the Corn for Bakers and Families was ground at the lower and middle Mills, as the Carrier told him: That they never ground any Oats at the School Mills, there being no Kiln, nor never was as he remembers:

That he worked at Travis Mills 42 Years; and that they ground a little Corn for Manchester, though but feldorn.

Being a(ked. If he did not keep a Carrier and Horse to carry Corn to and from Manchester t lie said, He took it when he could get hold of it; but thrft they dare not let him have it, but when it was Rolen like, for it all belonged to the School Mills; and that Smedley and Knot Mills were more employed for the Country than Manchester:

That he never knew Travis Mill flop for want of Water: That it kept One Wheel going continually; That there was once, 20 Years since. Two Loads of Com

brought

3 i Geo. if.

brought from the School Mills to grind thfcre, because thbfe Mills were then out of Repair; and that Corn is as well ground at the School Mills as at Travis Mills.

Being asked, Whether he generally had as much Corn to grind at the upper Mill, in the short Water Months, as he could do ? he said, He had not; and that he could grind Three times as much in a common Way, as he has had fora great while :That he has been aWeek together, and has not ground above a Load, having had no more to grind.

Being asked, How long together he had wanted Work? he said. He has not had Work for more than One Mill for Half a Year together, and supposes they take it to other Mills; but don’t know whether it’s ground cheaper at thofo Mills:

That his Family consists of Five; viz. himself, Wife, and Three Children; One of Five, another of Seven, and another of 13, Years old; that a Peck and an Half of Wheat lerves them aWeek, with about 2f Pounds of Oatmeal; and that a Peck of Wheat (Toll-Corn) will weigh 15 \ lb. which makes 23 lb. per Week.

Being asked, Whether he knew of Potatoes being made, Use of in making of Bread ? he said, That he has seen and eat them in Bread; but that it’s not commonly eat in Manchester.

Mr. Stephen Stonefircet, being examined, said, That he has been Steward’s Clerk o{Greenwich Hospital; and that the Allowance of Bread to each Pensioner per Day is One Pound; but that be is sure they fell a Third Part of it at least.

Being cross-examined,he was asked, Whether he made his Observation from some or all ? he said, In general, they doit: but that the greatest Part of them are old and disabled Men, and that working People may, to be sure, eat more than the old and infirm of that Hospital; and that he believes they truck Bread for Drams; but that, to be sure, they eat more than Children.

Being asked, Whether he did not know, with as much Certainty, that People, who have not a Belly full of Meat, buy Drams, as he does that the Pensioners fell their Bread ? he said. That he never bought any, nor fee them fell any; but that the Butler is impowered by the Steward to buy it of them, at 4*ths of the Price, by Order of the Board of Directors for the Benefit of the Charity Boys of the Hospital, which are 120 in Number, and received from the Age of 11 to 13, for the Use of the Sea: That the Allowance to Seamen at Sea is Jths of a Pound of Biscuit; and that hungry People will eat it; That some may eat more than that Quantity; but that he (the Witness) was at Sea 20 Years, and never eat above Haifa Pound One Day with another, and believes that Biscuit will go as far as Bread.

James Wrigley, a Millwright, being examined, laid. That he is 40 Years of Age, and was brought up at the School Mills: That his Father was Miller there, and has known them all his Life: That he has been employed as Millwright there constantly for 25 Years: That the River Irk is fed by Springs chiefly, is a constant regalar Stream, and is never dry; and has known the Mill at Eccles has been dry (but that it does not Hand on a Ri-ver)when they have had Water at thele Mills; and that other Mills have broughtWork to the School Mills,when they have wanted Water in the short Water Months, which are June, July, and Augrijt; and he mentioned Eccles and Kerjall, which (lands on a Brook, to have broughtGrifl to the School Mills, perhapsTenoraDozen times in the dry Season; which he has seen ground there: That he has seen 20 Load a Day ground at the upper Mill, in the dried time of the ihort Water Months, and has seen ’em grind 30 Loads a Day, one Day with another, upon an Average, in t.hose Months: That he worked as a Miller till his Fatherdied, which is about 28 Years ago, and after which he worked at the lower Mill about a Year and a Half, and fmee that time has worked at a Millwright’s; but has often seen Corn ground there fmee he left off being a Miller:

Vo 1. 28.

That they can work Two Wheels at once at the upper Manche&t Mill, tho’ not constantly; sometimes One, and some- School times Two, for Five or Six Hours together, and has M*.ls. seen them work Two for Six Hours in the dried time of the short Water Months:

That, at the middle Mill, he has seen Ten Load of Wheat ground in a Day, in the very dried times, exclusive of the Malt, which has been 20 Loads, and which he has seen ground in Three Hours; and has seen them grind 11 Loads of Wheat, besides the 20 Loads of Malt:

That, at the lower Mill, he has seen Ten Load of Wheat ground in a Day, which is t he most heever saw in the dried Weather of thelhort Water-Months; but had taken no Notice of what they might have ground there, one Day with another, in those Months:

That, in the other Nine Months, he has seen ground at the upper Mill 40 Load one Day with another, at the middle Mill 15 Load, and at the lower Mill 20 Load a Day; and that, in this Account, he makes Allowance for Floods, picking the Stones, and other incidental Things to bedme to the Mills: That they have not had, for Five or Six Years lad pad, so much Wheat as they could grind at these Mills; and has been in them, and seen them dand for Want of Work, both in wet and dry Months; that they have not had Work for more than One Wheel at a time, for the time lie speaks of; and that Three Mills, by which, he said, he meant Three Pair of Stones ill the lowed and middle Mills, have flood for Half a Year together:

That he was in these Mills about Six Months ago;

That there was One Week when there was only One Load of Wheat to grind, which was ground at the upper Mill; and there was no other Wheat either at the middle or lower Mill at that time; and he said he was in all the Mills almod every Day that Week, and saw they had nothing to do:

That he underdands Flour; and that which is ground at these Mills is as good as he has seen ground at other Mills, and will make as good w hite Bread if they dress it as w'ell: That the Custom is, if Corn is not ground in 24 Hours, it may be taken away: and that he once saw it, about Five or Six Years ago, taken from the lower Mill for that Reason; but they could not grind it by reason of a Flood:

That several Bakers in Manchester grind at these Mills, and never heard any Complaint of Corn being ill ground there:

That Floods don’t#often happen at the irpper Mill; but has known ’em flopped for Three or Four, but never but once for Five or Six, Hours, which was a great many Years ago; and that Frolls never flop or damage these Mills:

That the Stones at these Mills are of Two Sorts, blue and grey; and that the inside Work of them is as good, and are rowed as well, and are in all their Conditions as good as he ever saw at other Mills:

That a good deal of Oat Bread is eat in'- Manchester, and that he believes these Mills are capable to supply the Inhabitants of the said Town with Bread.

Being cross-examined, he said, That they can’t grind Oatmeal at these Mills, and never saw any: That he is.

Mr. Daxvforis Servant, but works for other People when he has nothing to do; and that Mr. Daze fan would employ him all the Year, if the Mills had Work enough.

Beingafked, Hour much of his Time these Mills have employed for Ten Years past ? he said. They have had very little Corn to grind, and there has been very little Occasion for him these ThreeorFour Years past: That he is sometimes employed for a Month, or a Quarter of a Year; and that he goes several times a Week.

Being asked, How lie could (‘peak to the Quantity of Corn ground there, if he goes only as a Millwright? he said, Because he works at other Sorts of Wo:k, and brings it there: That he has a Room in the Mill, and his Tools are there, and works for other People as a Millwright: That his Room is facing the Door, and can fee

4 I all

3 o6 (f Jnnii. J. 1758.

Manchester all the Corn Which is brought in to grind: That he has Orders to look at the Mills every Day, to fee what Re-1 1 5i pairs are wanting, and has seen Five, and sometimes Six, Load a Day brought in; but that he remembers the Quantities brought in, only by his seeing it, having kept no Account in \\ riting: That he does not pay any Rent for the Room lie has at the Mills; and that, if they lhonld be taken down, be should be deprived of it:

That hedoesriot know the Numberof Inhabitants in Manchester; but that the School Mills did supplythem about 23 or 24 Years ago, because no Flour came into the Town* either into the Market or to Shops, it always doming in Wheat; but that the said Town is very much ihdreased since that time; and that the said Mills were then fully employed, but can’t say what Quantity they ground; but that they ground for others, besides the In-liabitantsoM/flr«fA^r,^ndmentioned George Metcalfe, in Salford, llcnnj Roxvcroft, at Hardwick Green, Bread Bakers, and some for a Bread Baker at Bury, Six Miles off: That heknows Travis Mill, Knot Mill, and Smed-Ty Mill, but don’t know whether they worked at that time, not being the re to fee, but they kept Carriers and Horses at that time to fetch their Com out of Salford; and that it was not his Business to take Complaints of People of Com being ill ground:

That the Number of Loads he has mentioned he has ground himselfat all the Three Mills, and some of them since he has been a Millwright:

That he can’t tell exactly the time he ground the 20 Load at the lower Mill; but it was just after his Father’s Death, when he a^ted as Miller, and may be about 25 Years ago; and that his Reason for remembering this was, that one Thomas Hatfield, a Baker, sent him 40 Load of Cornto grind, who desired to have 20 ground as soon as he could; it came and begun to grind at 12 o’CIock, and be sent him 20 Load home before Noon next Day, and could have done the same any other Day;

and that he used Two Wheels and Two Pair of Stones:

That he ground the 15 Load at the middle Mill when his Brother was ill, who was Miller there, which is about I2 Years ago; and the 40 Load, at the upper Mill, aboutEight Years ago: That this happened only once at all the Mills; but believes oftener at the lower Mill, where he was Miller: That he has ground, in the short Water Months, a Week for his Brother at the middle Mill, who was ill, and a Week at the upper Mill for a Miller, who went' home:

That there are in the upper Mill Two Pair of Stones of Four Feet Diameter, One Pair of 4^- Feet, and another Pair of Five Feet Two Inches, which Iaft are grey Stones, and in which there are Ten Quarters; and Ten Lands or Furrows to each Quarter; and that the MasterFurrow leads aboutThree Inches from the Center, but in some of the Stones it leads strait to the Center; that Stones in this Situation are not fit to grind fineFlour, but are for grinding a coarser Flour; and that the Stones at the lower Mill are grey Stones, and are not fit to grind fine Flour: That he never made any Experiment of the Proportion of Bran and Flour ground at these Mills, nor does he know what the Proportion ought to be: That he does not remember the Wear of the upper Mill being raised ;but remembers its beingcarried away by Floods about 17 Years ago; and that he built it up again with the same Timber; but it w as lower than it was before about Six Inches, as the Polls were worn at Top and Bottom, and wrere forced to make them shorter, which lessened the Power of the Water; but it was raised to its usual Height about Years ago, and is now the same Height it was at first:

That there were, about Six Years ago, at the upper Mill, a new Pair of Stones, but don’t remember any new Building before that time:

That the Mills have been so improved, as to grind more Corn now than at the Times he has spoke of: That they make the Mills go with lefsWater, the Stream, that Ten Years ago turned One Wheel, nowr turnsTwo, but 18

can’t tell for how long tire Stream wotrld then turn One, but it will now' turn One, 18 Hours in the 24; and that Two Wheels do not conlumcmoreWater now than One did then, and will turn Two Wheels for Six or Seven Hours in the short Water Months.

Being asked, What particular Improvements have been made in the Wheels r he said, The Sole is made Eight or Ten Inches broader; and that the Wheels are made to go with a Twitter Motion, which turns the Stones quicker, by enlarging the Cog Wheel, 14 Cogs being added to it, which makes in all Go; and that h belongs to the blue Stones; and that it is nothing else makes them go with less Water: That all the School MiH$ are upon the same Principle, and work in the same Manner 5 but that the blue Stones will do most Work in the same Space of Time.

Being alked, If the upper Mill will grind Five Bushels an Hour, with blue Stones and Seven Feet Seven Inches Head and Fall, what would the middle Mill grind With the same Water and Three Feet Eleven Indies Head and Fall ? he said, Four Bulheisan Hour.

And being alked the same Question as to the lower Mill, he said. It would grind 3 Bushels, and perhaps 3?, they being grey Stones:

That ifthe upper Mill had double the Head and Fait to the middle Mill, the Difference in the Proportion of Work between would be perhaps a Bushel more in an' Hour, in which same the upper Mill would grind Five Bushels an Hour, and the middle Mill Four; and if the upper Mill had double the Mead and Fall to the lower Mill, the Difference in proportion of W01k between them would be a Bulhei arid a Half an Hour.

And being alked, in such Case, What would be ground at the upper, and what at the lower Mill ? he said, Three Bushels and a Half at the lower Mill.

And, being alked his Reason for this Difference, he said, No one can tell till it’s tried.

Thomas Bailey, being examined, said. That he has known the School Mills Ten Years, and is Carrier of Malt under Mr. Dawson at the middle Mill: That lie has, in the short Water Months, which lie reckons are June, July,ani August, seen Ten Load of Wheat ground there, which was about Three Years ago, and hecarried it in about Four o’CIock in the Afternoon, and brought it out ground about Nineor Ten the next Morning; and had no Orders from the Persons it was for, to have it ground by the next Day; and that there was no other Corn in the Mill at that time; and that they can grind all the Malt which is brought there in Four Hours a Day in the short Water Months, and Eight Load an Hour the Day through; and has been there while a Load of Wheat has been ground, and has seen Four Bushels ground in an Hour several times in the short Water Months; and has known it Hand still for a Week, having had no Wheat to grind in those Months:

That he has been at the lower Mill many times, when they have had no Corn to grind, and calls there every Day, and has known them stand still a Week or a Fortnight, and sometimes Half a Year together, within these 12 Months, including the short Water Months, for want of Grift, and the Water constantly running waste: That he has carried Flour to DanielFanjhaxc, JohnTfiacker, William Evans, Jeremiah B raw hall. Bakers in Man* chester, and others, and never heard of any Complaint from them of the Badness of t he Flour: That there are more Bakers in Manchejkr, but does not know how many; but can’t say he has carried any Flour to them; > That he has seen Flour ground at other Mills, and said, that the Flour ground at the School Mills is as good as auy which lie has fen.

Beingcross-examined, he said. That his Attendance i* at the middle Mill, and does not know what is ground there, otherwise than by carryingit in and out, it being ground by the Miller, or of what is ground at the lower Mill, than by calling in as he passesby; but t.hatthe*Mill was in Order for grinding when it itood still for Haifa

Year:

3i Geo. IT* f 3 of

Year: That there is no Convenifcticy for grinding Orit- this Experiment, when he did not know to what Height meal at the said School Mills: the Clough was drawn, or the Breadth of the Gateway? ^mIuL

That he never kept any Account iri Writing of the he said, Fecatife the lower Mill was grinding for Part of Quantity of Corn ground, but has seen it put into thd the Time that the upper Mill was; and Mr. O-ford^ Hopper. dbferved an incorifi lerable Alteration at the Hi ad of

Then the Agent for the Petition of William Daxcforl the lower Dam: And therefore lie concludes, that much of Manchester, in the County Of Lancaster, Gentleman, the same Quantity of Water passed during the whole Tenant of the School Mills, in the said Town of Man* time: That he can’t exactly tell how long Hie upper and chester, informed your Committee, That he relied the lower Mills were grinding together, but believes nfcar Proof of the Allegations of the said Petition upon the Half an Hour.

Evidence already given. Mr. Smeaton further said. That he agrees with Mr.

ITien the Cotmfel for the Petition of several of the Houghton as to the proportion of Pressure being accord-principal Inhabitants of the Town of \f ahchester, in the ing to the perpendicular Height; and that the Velocity County Palatine of Lancajicr, called Evidence, in order Of Water arising from that Pressure is not io propo tion to contradii the Evidence giveii by Mr. Houghton. to the perpendicular Height, but to the square Hoots;

Mr. John Smea/on, uho, being asked, If Three Mills so that if the Height w'as Four times, the'Velocity would were upon the same Stream, and bu:lr upon the same then arrive at the Double; hut whenever the Velocity of Principle, and the upper Mill has Seven Fool Seven a Quantity of Water is double, it impinges against any Inches H^ad and Fall, and will grind 120 Buihcls in 24 Objec ts applied to oppose it with Four times the Force;

Hours, and the middle and lower Mills haveTlr ee Feet of confluence; the Mill being worked I y the Force of 11 Inches Head and Fall each, what they would feverafly the Water impinging against the Floats of tire Wheel, grind in the 24 Hours with the same Water? he said, the Power of the Mdl turns out in proportion to the That in consequer.ee that each Mill is built with equal H dglit of the Head: And that with respea to this Mat-Advantage in proportion to the natural Power of the ter he had some Years ago, before he ever attempted to.. Water, the Quantity ground would be in proportion to make any Mills, speut a confi lerable time in making a the Head and Fall: But that the Difference L i 1 favour gr*at Number of Experiments on th's Point, concerning' of the greater Head; because, if upon any given Head, the Power of Water relative to its V elocity, md in ail of which was to be divided into Two equal Heads, Two tl e n hail found it to turn out agreeable to what he has-Mills f t thereon would, if there is any Difference, fall mentioned; and that he had in all hisPraftice of making shortof the Effect of One Mill properly adapted to the Water Whee’s conformed himself thereto, and always larger Head; and the Renfon isrthat the Power of the found the Effect thereof agreeable.

Water acting upon the Two Mills is equal to the Power Mr. Houghton further said. That the Force of equal of the Water acting upon One Mill; but in confluence Quantities of Matter i:i Motion, is as the Velocity, and Offwo Mills being to be put in Motion to do the same not as the Square of the'Velocity; which is agreed upon. Quantity of Work, as the Fri6tion of T\vo will be greater by all the English Writers of Philosophy he had ever than the Friction of One, the greater Friction will destroy read; and *bat was once controverted by the French, more of the Power than the less; so that there being 91 some of whom had acknowledged their Error.

Inches in the one same and 47 in the other, the Two M r.Smeaton further fa:d, That he acknowledges mftny lower Mills will grind 62 Bofliels each. great Authors may be produced upon the Principle Mr.

Mr. Houghton, being called to explain himself, said, Houghton has advanced; but that he had made Experi-,

That when he said, in case of the perpendicular Height ments, in order to examine that Very Point, and always of the Water of One Wear being double to that of the foun I them turn out as he has laid; and appealed to other, and all other Circumstances alike with regard to Experiment, in order to determine the Question; and the Construction of the two Mills, the PowcrV/f the that, if what Authors say is more to be relied upon than, highest Mill to be to that of the Lower nearly in the a Man’s own Eyes and Seufes, he should have uo more Proportion of 17 to 12, his Reasons were these; viz. to say upon the Question.

That the Force of all Bodies in Motion are in proportion James Wit ham, being again examined, said, That to the Quantity of Matter and the Velocity taken there was more Water in the River on the ill of April. together; if the Quantities of Matters are equal, then lad than there is on an Average in the thort Water the Power is in proportion to the Velocity: It is demon- Months: That he went up to Travis Mill between strated, that the Velocity of Water issuing out of Orifices Nine and Twelve in the Forenoon, and found Two at different Depths from the Surface are not in propor- Wheels grinding, and some little Water run over the tion to schofe Heights, but to the Square Roots of those Wear at the same time:

Heights nearly; and, if the Height of one is Nine and: That he was at Travis Mill Five Days in Align ft last,

the other Four, the Velocities will be very near in the and at that time there was not more Water than would Proportion as 3 to 2; and that the Proportion itself is turn One Wheel; which was his Reason for saying, th re demonstrated in Sir Isaac Nezcton's Principia, and is also was more Water at the School Mills than in the lliort. shewn by most Readers and Writers of Experimental Water Months.

Philosophy, particular!}' in Defgulier's Tranjlalion of Being cross-examined, he said, That be was not at Gravesend's Lectures: That Mr. 'Smeaton seems to have Travis Mill after 12 o/Clock on the said id of April: computed the Force from the Pressure of the Water at That he has seen this River a great many rimes, but different Depths: The Pressure follows the Proportion speaks only to the State of it on the ift of April and in he (Mr. Smeaton) has assigned of the perpendicular August last; and that when he law it in August it was Heights, but the Velocity of the Water issuing out does rather lower than it is, at a Medium, in the lliort Water not; and that this is confirmed by the Two Experiments Months.

made at the School Mills: That at the upper Mill Five Mr. Houghton further said, That he believes there Buihels were ground in 53 Minutes; and, if the Force was no Snow on the said ill of April on any Hills from of the lower Mill was in proportion to the perpendicular whence this River arises.

Heights, which are nearly double, it ought to have been Upon the whole Matter your CommittCe came to the 106 Minutes in grinding the same Quantity, whereas it following Resolutions; viz.

was only 86, and laboured under the Disadvantages of Rejoiced, That it appears to this Committee, That the

having Grey Stones, and the other Blue ones, and the Mills in the Town of Manchester, commonly called the bad Situation of the WaterWhecl across the Stream, fq School Mills, do now consist of Three separate Edifices, that the Water did not go in a right Line from the Rejoiced, That it appears to this Committee, That in Wheel, but made a considerable Angle; all which ought One of the said Edifices, which is now commonly called to have made mbFe than 106 Minutes. the Middle Mill, was a Fulling and Logwood Mill at the

Being asked, How hcjcould form a Concluflon from Time of making the Decreesin the Dudiy Court of Lani Vql. 28. cafer9

Manchester

School

30& 90- — 10° Junii. 1758.

caster, in the Years 16/0 and 170.3, whereby the Inhabitants were required to grind all the Corn and Grain, for the Use of the said Town, at Four antient Water Corn Mills mentioned in fuel) Decrees.

- Resolved, That it appears to,this Committee, That the said Edifice called the Middle Mill hath been, within the Memory of Man, converted from a Fulling and Logwood Mill into a Corn Mill.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That great Quantities of Oatmeal are now used by the Inhabitants, as well for their Subsistence as for the carrying on their Manufactures in the said Town.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Mills, having no Kiln for drying, are incapable of making Oats into Meal.

Rrftdved, That it appears to this Committee, That all the Mills now used in the said Three Kdicfies are incapable of grinding all the Corn and Grain necessary for the Subsistence and Consumption of the Inhabitants of the said Town.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the many Suits which have been commenced and prosecuted in relation to the Custom of grinding at the faicl Mills have been attended with a very considerable J^xpence, to the manifest Prejudice of the Charity to which the Profits of such Mills are applicable.

jRejolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the free Ad million and Sale of V' heat, Rye, and Barley, Flour, and Oatmeal, for the Use of the said Inhabitants, will tend to a more convenient, eafv, and' effectual Supply for their Consumpt on, than the limiting such Consumption to the Flour and Meal ground at the said School Mills.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the permitting such free Admission, Sale, and Use, of Flour and Meal, and securing to the said Charity a proper Equivalent for any Deficiency which may be o^cafioned thereby in the Profits of the Mills, will be a tnutual Advantage to the said Town and Charity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the allowing, and securing, to the Feoffees of the find Mills a certain annual Sum, not exceeding Fifty Pounds, more than the neat Income of the said Mills, for the Use of the said Charity, upon a Medium for Twenty Years Pad* will be a sufficient Satisfaction to the said Feoffees, for their Estate and Interest in the said Mills, and bean Advantage to the said Charity.

Resolved, That it appears tothis Committee,by Three Decrees of the Duchy Court of Lancaster, dated Fourth of May One thousand Five hundred and Ninety-Four, the Fourteenth of November One thousand Six hundred and Seven, and the Twenty-third of Februa?y One thousand Seven hundred and Three, That there were formerly Four Water Mills at Manchester for grinding of Corn.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Four Water Corn Mills, mentioned in the said Decrees, confided only of Four Pair of Mill Stones and Three Water Wheels; viz. Two Pair of Mill Stones for grinding Wheat, Rye, and Barley, and Two Water Wheels at One of the said Edifices called the Upper Mill, and One Pair of Mill Stones for grinding Wheat, Rye, qnd Barley, and another Pair of Mill Stones for grinding Malt, and One Water Wheel at the other of the said Edifices called the Lower Mill.

The Six First Resolutions of the Committee, being Severally read a Second time, were, upon the GLueftion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The 7th, 8th, 9th, and 10th Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, postponed.

The*subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Queliioti severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The 71h, 8th, qth, and 10th Resolutions of the Committee, which had been postponed, being again read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed %<x by the House.

The postponed "Older of -tlxf Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Weflnrcnfter whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 29th Year tVlarkct’ of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the a id Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a free Market for the Sale of Fill) in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fill), muJer the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Regin, in case the same are taken with a Hook; was committed; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow: Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat?^ 1 o° die Junii;:

Anno 310 Georgii IldI Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

MR. Charlton, according to Order, reported from Ways the Committee of the whole House, tp whom it ami Means* was referred to conficier further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the llefolution which the Committee hail directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Wiiere the same \va* read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,'

That, towards railing the Supply grauted to his Majesty, the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Founds be raised by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First Aids to be granted the next Session of Parliament*

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, purfmnt to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, the Lord Dun* cannon, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. JYeJl, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the SuFp!t* Committee of the whole House, to whom it w as referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; awl afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to be paid to the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, towards enabling them to defray the Expence of a military Force in their Settlements, to be maintained by them, in lieu of the Battalion of his Majesty’s Forces withdrawn) from those Settlements.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Founds, be granted to his Majesty, to he employed in maintaining and supporting the Brilifk Forts and Settlements upon the Coalt of Africa.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An irtgrossed Bill to permit the Merchants of the City Exportation of Norwich, and Borough of Yarmouth, in the County Malu of Norfolk, to export a certain Quantity of Malt now lying in his Majesty’s Storehouses; and to allow the Bounty upon such Corn and Malt as waslhipped and cleared for Ireland on or before a Time to be hunted; and to authorize the Transportation of a sufficient

Quantity

31 Geo. II.

i o° — i 'p-Junii.

309

Westminster Fish Market

Quantity of Flour, Meal, Bread, and Biscuit, to the i (hinds o(Overnfey anAJersey, for the Use of the Inhabitants there, in lieu of the like Quantity of Wheat, Muir, or Barley, which may now by Law be transported to those Mauds; was read the Third t ime.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for Relief of Persons within the Districts of Lynn and Walls.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which* being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Re/blved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt now lying in his Majesty’sStorehoules; and to allow the Bounty Upon such Corn and Malt as was shipped and cleared for Ireland, on or before a limited lime; and to authorize the Transportation of Flour, Meal, Bread, and Biscuit, to the Islands of Guernsey and Jerfeij, for the Use of the Inhabitants there, in lieu of the Wheat, Malt, or Barley, which may now by Law be transported to those Islands.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 2qth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,intituled, An Act forexplaining/amending, and rendering more efTeftual, an Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a freeMarket for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with, a Hook; was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Quel lion severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of tlierh, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the felling of Turbots under a certain Size.

And the said Giause was twice read, with Blanks, winch being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing Mailers of Ships to give an Account of the Quantity of certain Sorts of Fish brought into the Port of London.

And the said Clause was twice'read, with Blanks, wh cb were filled up.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

'Hie Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas *Sir 1 2i

1 eiiu s lor me 1 eas,^Mr < 4’

Tellers for the Noes,tHr'

*£Mr. ronerean.

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, That 40 Members were not present, and it not being then Four of the Clock:

Mr. Speaker waited till Four of the Clock.

None.

Milford

Haven*

Luna, 120 die Junii;

Anno 31® Georgii IIui Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for applying a Sum of Money, granted in this Session of Parliament, towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Aftforapplying aSum of Money, granted in this Session of Parliament, towards carrying jpn the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence*

Mr. John Ilervey reported from the Committee, to Regulation whom the Bill for Relief of the Coal heavers working of upon the River Thames, and for ascertaining the Price of Ccalheavers* theitfLabour; and for enabling them to makeaProvision for such of themselves as shall be sick, lame, or past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and

made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Hoqfe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were ohee read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, fev eral of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent thededufting or retaining of any Part of the Wages of Coalheavers, on pretence of Commission:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; , which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be* ingrossed.

Mr. Charlton prefeftted to the House, according to Or-1 Supply Bill der, a Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum Exchequer of Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned:

And the same was receivedand read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.


Mr. Wilkes, according to Order, reported from the Parish Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bril for &egifters»*c obliging all Parishes in this Kingdom to keep proper Re gifters of Births, Deaths, and Marriages; and for raising therefrom a Fund towards the Support of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to the report to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the report was read.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he printed.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 2.3.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Sinking. -the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of l u,ui* Money out of the Sinking Fund, and applying certain Sums of Money remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1758.

The House was moved, That the Resolution which, upon Thursday the First Day of this instant June, was re-

4 K ported

3io

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred toeonfider further ot Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, rfcad accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, " That from and after the 5th Day of July " 1758, no Persons shall be permitted to fell, by Retail,

" any Sweets, or made W ines, without having tirft taken " out a Licence for retailing Wine.,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Then the l!jufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair*

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, that they Lad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Recruiting Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

Land* Forces wholeHouse, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting ofhis Majesty'sLand ForcesandMarines was committed, be received upon this Day Month.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Moreland Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

£ An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws therein 2ws!* mentioned, for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; for preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster; was read the Third time.

ResolvedThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, of Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; for preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster; and for preventing the tlealing or destroying of Madder Roots.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dick inf on have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Westminster And ^ouse resumed the further Consideration of

Fish Market, the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his present Majesty’s

1758.

Reign for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Wefmifificr; and for preventing the Foreltall-ing and Monopolizing offiili; and for allowing the Sale of Fish, under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; was committed*

And the Clause, which, upon Saturday last, was proposed to be added to the Bill, directing Masters of Ships to give an Account of the Quantity of certain Sorts of Fifti brought into the Port of London, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, requiring the Clerks of the Coalt Office to receive Reports of the Time of the Arrival of Fiffiing Vessels at the Nore, and moke Entries of the Fish therein.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, requiring Salesmen to fix up an Account of the Fiffi they have to fell.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for levying certain Penalties inflicted by the A ft.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added the Bill, for levying the Forfeitures.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing how the Forfeitures are to be applied.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 130 die Junii j

Anno 31* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

AM E S S AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Montague and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act importation to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and of Beer, &c. Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, without any ^rom Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed, to the Bill, intituled, An Act Preventing to ascertain the Weight of Truffes of Straw, and to Frauds punish Deceits in the Sale of Hay and Straw in Truffes, lns£^s in London, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and

within the Distance of Thirty Miles thereof; and to prevent common Salesmen of Hay and Straw from buying the same on their own Account to fell again; and also to restrain Salesmen, Brokers, or Factors, in Cattle, from buying, on their own Account, to fell again, any live Cattle, in London, or within the weekly Bills of Mortality,

or

GOOgIC

31 Geo. IT.

13° — 140

311

Dean atvi Chapter of Westminster Leafing.

Supply Bill; Doty on Plate.

Leatherhead

Ruud.

Guldeford

Road.

Assize of Bread, Sec.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills.

or which are driving up thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, and their Successors, to make and grant unto James Matters a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duty granted by an A. 61, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, on Silver Plate, made, wrought, touched, allayed, or marked, in Great Britain; and for granting a Duty on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate; and for discontinuing all Drawbacks upon Silver Plate exported; and for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the marking or Ramping of Gold or Silver Plate; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn, at Leatherhead, to the Maypole, at the upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoake, near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guldeford to the Directing Post near the Town of Earn-ham, in the County of Surrey, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, in that Part of Great Bri-toi/2 called England, with forae Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power t6 receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Supply Bill; Sinking fund.

Regulation of

Coalheavers.

Poor*

Relief.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and applying certain Sums of Money remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1758; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iugrofied.

An ingrossed Bill for Relief of the Coalheavers working upon the River Thames, and for ascertaining the Price of their Labour; and for enabling them to make a Provision for such of themselves as shall be Tick, lame, or palt their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans; was read the Third time.

An ingrossedClause was offered to be added to the Bill, VoL. 2 8.

by way of Rider, requiring the Treasurer to keep Accounts, and to give Security.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill by way of Rider.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Relief of the Coalheavers working upon the River Thames; and for enabling them to make a Provision for such of themselves as shall be sick, lame, or past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans.

Ordered, That Mr. John Hervey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurity 140 die Junii;

Anno 310 Georgii Ildi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

AM ESS AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Holfotd and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual compelling Overseers of the Poor, or other Persons authorized to take Care of the Poor, to obey Orders, made by Justices of the Peace, for the speedy Relief of impotent and necessitous Poor; and to explain the Law with regard to the Power of Justices of the Peace, to order Relief on sudden and emergent Occasions; with some Amendments: To which Amend ments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Securing the for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Dock Yards. Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s*

Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth, and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for continuing certain Laws therein mentioned, relating *~:l to British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-ma.de Gunpowder; and to the Encou-ragment of the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and to the Landing of Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugav Plantations, before<The Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and for regulating the Payment of the Duties on foreign exciseable Liquors , and for the Relief of Thomas Wation, with regard to the Drawback on certain East India Callicoes; and for rendering more commodious the new Passage leading from Charing Cross-y without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making perpetual several Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the northern Borders of England; for the more effc6tual punching wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Difi guise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and also Two Clauses, tq prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop Binds; for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph, of Coal, or Canal Coal, and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chaces, or beating or wounding th§ Keepersor otherOfficersin Forests, Chaces,or Parks; and also so much of an Act as relates totbe Power of appealing to the Circuit Courts in Civil Cafes in Scotland; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An

Sail Cloth, See.

Expiring

Law*.

140 — 150 Junii. u4. 1758.

Supply Rill; An ingrossed Bill for granting to Ins Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and applying certain Sums of Money remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That, the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of rite Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight; and for empowering the proper Officers to make forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, in lieu of such as shall be loft, burnt, or othervviie destroyed; and for obliging the RctailersofWines, commonly called Sweets, or made Wines, to take out a Wine Licence.

Ordered, That Mv.'Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee.That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

- ..... — -----..... ..... . . — & 1....

'Jcvisy 156 die yunii j

Anno 310 Georgii IIth Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

Westminster An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the Fish Marker. 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more eflcdual, an Act, made in the nd Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a free Market for the Sale of Filli in the City of Westminster > and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Filli under the Dimensions mentioned in aCiause contained in an Act, of the First Year of his late Majesty\s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were Severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. L. 32,3> To leave out "his Majesty’s said " Searchers," and inlert " such Clerks as aforesaid," in ft cad thereof;

L. 36. To leave out "Searchers," and insert " Clerks," instead thereof.

Pr. 9. L. 14. To leave out "Searchers," and insert

Clerks," instead thereof:

Pr. 18. L. 37. To leave out from "applied," to " and, " in Pr. 19. L. 10:

Pr. 19. L. 22. To leave out "and," and to leave out " TWo."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill w as amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put* That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rp ,» r v \S\r Robert Ladbroke, 1

1 diers for the ea.', j Mr. Prvfe Campbe} 5®.

Tellers for (he Noes, $ yi 7 l0

I Mr. ronertau. J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved., That the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the 29th \rear of his present Majesty’s Reign, for explaining an Act, made in the Twenty -second Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, for making a free Market for the Sale of Filli, in the City of West-mi lifter, and for other Purposes; and also to regulate the Sale of frelli Salmon, Salmon Trouts, Turbots, and fresh Cod Fish, in London and Westminster, and within "the Weekly Bills of Mortality, by Salesmen thereof; and to allow Turbots, although not of the Size of Sixteen Inches, to be imported under certain Restrictions.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Waple and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exportation to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt, of Malt,

now lying in his Majesty’s Storehouses; and to allow the Bounty upon such Corn and Malt, as was shipped and cleared for Iceland, on or before a limited Time; and to authorize the Transportation of Flour, Meal,

Bread, and Biscuit, to the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, for the Use of the Inhabitants there, in lieu of the Wheat, Malt, or Barley, which may now by Law be transported to those Islands; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act. Meeting of for enlarging the Times for the First Meetings of Com- Commhronm inissioners or Trusteesfor putting in Execution certain un ^.ertsin Acts of this Session of Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

Aud then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Assize Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, of An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate *&c* the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who . shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 34, 35, 36. Leave out "in the Kingdom of " E?igland, and the Town of Berwick upon Tzveed: "

P. 3. L. 5, 6, 7. Leave out " in the Kingdom of " England, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed P 25. L. 12, 13. Leave out " in England, or in the,

" Town of Benvick upon Tzveed: "

Pr. 39. L. 24. After " allowed," insert " or by way " of summary Complaint before the Court of Session in " that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: "

Pr. 47. L. 1. After " Certiorariinfert " Letters of " Advocation or of Suspension

In the Title of the Bill, Leave out " in that Part of " Great Britain called England

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

' Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ena- Exchequer Exchequer resolve itftlf int o a Committee of the whole House, upon bling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, for t he Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum the Ofesand Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, of Money, for the Ules and Purposes therein mentioned, the Amendments which the Committee had made to be now rend: the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to

And the said Order being read accordingly. the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

The. House resolved itself into a Committee of the after wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at

whole House, upon the said Bill. the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one;

and.

51 Geo. II. 150 — 16d- — 190 Junii. 313

and, upon the Questiort federally put thereupon* were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1eneris*, 16° die Junii;

Anno 31* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

PftAtERS.

Supply Bill; A N ingrafted Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a Exchequer LjL certain Som of Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do- pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and ddife t heir Concurrence.

Accounts The House being informed, That Mr. Simmons, Ac-from the comptant to the Society of the Free British Fishety, BrmOi attended at the Door;

He was called ft\; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Number of decked Vessels, or Rnft'es, which have been contracted for, and built for, the Use of the Society of the Free British Fishery, from the Time of their being first incorporated to the present Time; specifying the Time when, and Place where, each Vessel was built, the Burthen of the fame, and where each Vessel now is; also the particular Sums of Money which have been paid for such Vessels; and What Sums remain due for the fame.

N*2. An Account of the NumberofVessels, or Bufles, which have been employed by the said Society every Tear, fmee the Time of their being first incorporated; with the Quantity of Herrings taken by them, and how, ibid for what Sums of Money, the same have been disposed of; distinguishing each Year.

N° 3. An Account of all Sums of Money expended by the said Society for Frilling Nets \ distinguishing each Year; with an Account of the Quantity of Netting now belonging to their Buttes, and fit for the Service of the said Fishery.

Nft 4. An Account of the several Sums of Money that have been paid to the Members of the Council of the said Society for their Attendance, and to their Officers for Salaries \ specifying the fame, and distinguishing each Year.

N° 5. A11 Account of all Sums of Money paid by the said Society* for Wages to the Matters, Mates, and Sea-toen, employed on board their Russes, and for Provisions for the fame; specifying the Particulars thereof, and ] distinguishing each Year.

N° 6. An Account of all Sums of Money received by the said Society of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Ctistoms, for Interest, at the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Annumyon their Subscription Money, and for the Bounty of 30^ per Ton, and go.v. per I on, on their Buttes, granted by Parliament; distinguishing each Year: Also an Account orf all Sums of Money received by them of the Commissioners of Salt Duties, for Debentures on Herrings exported; distinguishing each Year.

N° 7. A general State of Receipts and Disbursements by the said Society, from the Time of their being first incorporated to the 31st of December 1757: And also,

A Special Return with respect to the last of the said Accounts.

Together with an Abstract of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Abstract was read.

Vofc. 28.

And the said Special Return Was also read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

' The said Papers are preferred ~amoftgit the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wqple and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of hk Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies, directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built |in Great Britain,"and navigated according to Law $ for the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encourage- meot for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasuretnent of Coals in the City and Liberty, of Westminster $ and for preventing the dealing or destroying of Madder Roots $ without any Amendment: And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for applying a Sum of Money, granted in this Session of Parliament, towards carrying oh the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to represent, That the Salaries of most of the Judges in his Majesty’s superior Courts of Jttftice in this Kingdom, are inadequate to the Dignity and Importance of their Offices \ and therefore to beseech his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to advance any Sum not exceeding Eleven thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of such Judges* and in such Proportions as his Majesty in his great Wisdom shall think fit, for the present Year; and to allure his Majesty, that this House will make good the same to his Majesty;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Oeo :} 5*.

Tellers for the Noes, j j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the HoUfc adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunczj 190 die Junii;

Anno 31* Georgii IF* Regis, 1758. Prayers.

THE Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That their Address of Fridayhil, to his Majesty, to represent. That the Salaries of most of the Judges in his Majesty’s superior Courts of Justice in this Kingdom, are inadequate to the Dignity and Importance of their Offices; and therefore to beseech his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to advance any Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of such Judges, and in such Proportions as his Majesty in his great Wisdom shall think fit, for the present Year; and to act’Ure his Majesty, that this House will make good the same to his Majesty, had been presented to his Majesty 4y and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he Will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

4 L A MeJTage

t

Expiring

Laws.

Milford

Haven*

Salaries of Judges.

Salaries of Judges.

L»

314 ip° — 20° Junii. , 1758.

A Meflagefrom the Lords, by Mr. Ilotford, and Mr.

Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply BilJ 5 The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Fund for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out

of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1758; and for empowering the proper Officers to make forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, in lieu of such as shall be loft, burnt, or otherwisedestroyed; and for obliging the Retailers of Wines, commonly called Sweets, or made Wines, to take out a Wine Licence; without any Amendment: And also,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act EXBiU?UCr ^or ena^*nS Majesty to raise the Sum of Eight hun-

1 *' dred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in tilts Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

Regulation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Coalheavers ^or Coahheavers working upon the River Thames; and for enabling them to make a Provision for such of themselves as shall be lick, lame, or past their Labour, and for their Widows and'Orphans, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Rebate Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Wrlt# Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eJefting of a Burgefsto fervein this present Parliament for the Borough of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, in the room of Chai'les Cocks Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Clerk of the Deliveries, and Deliverance of all manner of Ordnance of Artillery, Munition, and other Necessaries whatsoever appertaining to his Majesty’s Office of Ordnance.

Tiverton ’ Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Henry Pelham Esquire; who,since his Election for the said Borough,hath accepted the OfficeofOne of the Commissioners of his Majesty rs Customs.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisj 20° die yunii;

Anno 310 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

Royal Assent A M ESS A G E by Mr. 2uarme, Deputy Gentleman to Usher of the Black Rod:

lUs# Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commissions for declaring his Royal Assent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, and for proroguing this present Parliament, to desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commissions read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up ‘ to the House of Peers. Where the Commissions were read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to several public and private Bills therein mentioned 3 and also empowering his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And the Lord Arch-bishop of Canterbury, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, and the Lord President of the Council, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

20

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1758; and for impowering the proper Officers to make forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, in lieu of such as shall be loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for obliging the Retailers of Wines,commonlycalled Sweets, or made Wines, to take out a Wine Licence: An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament: An Act for repealing the Duty granted by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, on Silver Plate made, wrought, touched, assayed, or marked in Great Britain; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate; and for discontinuing all Drawbacks upon Silver Plate exported; and for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the marking or flarnping of Gold or Silver Plate:

An Act for continuing certain Laws therein mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; and to the Encouragement of the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and to the Landing oFRiun or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before the Du- \ ties of Excise are paid thereon; and for regulating the Payment of the Duties on foreign exciseable Liquors; and for the Relief of Thomas Watson, with regard 1o the Drawback on certain Eq/l India Callicoes; and for rendering more commodious the new Pafliige leading from Charing Cross.

An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt now lying in his Majesty’s Storehouses; and to allow the Bounty upon such Corn and Malt, as was shipped and cleared for Ireland on or before a limited^ime; and to authorize the Transportation of Flour, Meal, Bread, and Biscuit, to the Blands of GuernJ'ey and jersey, for the Use of the Inhabitants there, in lieu of the Wheat, Malt, or Barley, which may now, by Law, be trailsported to those Islands.

An Act to explain, amend, and enforce, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England: An Act for applying the Money granted by Parliament towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloath-ing for the Militia for the Year 1758; and for defraying the Expences incurred on Account of the Militia in the Year 1757:

An Act for the due making of Bread; and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread:

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; for the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster; and for preventing the stealing or destroying of Madder Roots:

An Act for making perpetual several Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England$ for the more effectual punching wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and also TwoClausep,to prevent thecuttingor breakingdovvnthe Bank of any River or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop Binds, for the more effectual

Punifljment

3i5

3 i Geo. II. 'io°Junii.

Funiffiment of Persons mnliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delpli, of Coal, or Canal Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers or other Officers in For efts, Chaces, or Parks; and also so much of an Act as relates to the Power of appealing to the Circuit Courts in Civil Cafes in Scotland:

An Act to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time:

An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chat hum, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Porismouth, and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for applying a Sum of Money, granted in this Session of Parliament, towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke:

An Act for enlarging the Times for the First Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution c ertain Acts of this Session of Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the 25th Year of his present Majest v, to restrain the making Insurances on foreign Ships bound to or from the Fall Indies.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for inclosing, by the mutual Consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preferring Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees:

An Act to afeertaiu the Weight of ‘Truffes of Straw, and to punish Deceits in the Sale of Hay and Straw in Truffes, in London, and within the Weeklv Bills of Mortality, and within the Distance of 1 hirty Miles thereof; and to prevent common Salefmcn of Hay and Straw from buying the fame, on their own Account, to fell

again; and also to restrain Saleftnen, Brokers, or Factors in Cattle from buying, on their own Account, to fell again, any live Cattle in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or which are driving up thereto.

An Act for Relief of the Coalheavers working upon the River Thames', and for enabling them to make a Provision for such of themselves as shall be sick, lame, or past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans: An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guldeford to the Directing Post, near the Town of Farnham, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead, to the Maypole, at the

A upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, in the Parish of

f Stoake, near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of

Surrey:

An Act for separating Lawrence Earl Ferrers, from jJ/fl/3rCountess Ferrers hfe Wife, for the Cruelty of the said Earl; and for settling a Maintenance for the said Coifntefs, out of the Estate of the said Earl:

1 An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Col-

| legiate Church of Saint Peter- at Westminster, and their

I Successors,to make and grant unto James Mallors a Lease

or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant:

An Act for Sale of the Estates of Marmaduke Gzvynne Esquire,in the County of Pembroke, to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing John Knight.

Speech of And afterwards a Speech of the Lords Commissioners

oJa&Mn, was delivered to both Houses by the Lord Keeper of I the Great Seal; which is as folio wet h:

I Vol. 28.

— 3° Jugujli.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

We have received the King’s Commands upon this Occasion to affureyou, That his Majesty has the deepest Sense of the Loyalty and good Affections demonstrated by his Parliament, throughout the whole Course of this Session. The Zeal which you have fhewnjor his Majesty’s Honour and real Interest in all Parts, your Earn-eftness to surmount every Difficulty, and your Ardour to carry on the War with the utmost Vigour, in order to a safe and honourable Peace, must convince all tlm World, that the ancient Spirit of the British Nation is still subsisting in its full Force.

His Majesty has also commanded us to acquaint you. That he has taken all such Measures, as have appeared to be raoft conducive to answer your public spirited Views and Wiffies.

Through your Assistance, and by the BJeffing of God upon the Conduct and Bravery of the combined Army, his Majesty has been enabled not only to deliver his Dominions in Germany from the Oppressions and De-vaftations of the French, but to push our Advantages on this Side of the Rhine.

His Majesty has cemented the Union between him and his good Brother the King of Prujia, by new Engagements, with which you have been already fully acquainted.

Qur Fleets and Armies are now actually employed in such Expeditions, as appeared likely to annoy the Enemy in the most sensible Manner, to promote the Welfare and Prosperity of these Kingdoms, and particularly to preserve our Rights and Possessions in America, and to make France feel our just Weight and real Strength in those Parts. His Majesty trusts in the Divine Providence, that they may be blessed with such Success, as will most effectually tend to these great and desirable Ends. Gentlemen of the House of Commons;

We are particularly commanded by the King to return you his Thanks for those ample Supplies, which you have so freely and unanimotifly given: His Majesty grieves for the Burthens of his People; but your Readiness in supporting the War is the most probable Means, the sooner to deliver you from it. You may be assured, that nothing will be wanting on his Majesty’s Part to secure the most frugal Management.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

His Majesty has directed us to repeat his Recommendation to you, to promote Harmony and good Agreement amongst his faithful Subjects, and to make the Upright-ness and Purity of his Intentions and Measures rightly understood. Exert yourselves in maintaining the Peape and good Order of the Country, by enforcing Obedience to the Laws, and lawful Authority; and by making the People sensible, how much they hurt their own true Interest by the contrary Practice.

For their Sakes the King has commanded us to press this upon you; for their true Interest and Happiness are his Majesty’s great and constant Object.

After which the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the 3d Day of August next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 3d Day of August next.

Jovis, 3* die Augusti;

Anno 320 Georgii II41 Regis, 1758.

THE House being met, according to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. 2uar-me, Deputy Gentleman Uffier of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

honourable

Parliament

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

L

u.

3i 6 Augusti. — 28° Septembris. — 140 Novembris. A. 1758*

honourable House, in the House of Peers, t6 hear the Com mi Ok) n read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tlturf-day the 28th Day of September next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 28th Day of September next.

JovtS) 28° die Septembris;

Anno 320 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Parliament HP IIE House being met, according to the Jail Pro-further J. rogation; prorogued. Meflhge was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Cox, . Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commit- fion read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission wras read,

for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuef-day, the 14th Day of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 14th Day of November next.

Mortis, 140 die Novembris;

Anno 320 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1758.

Til E House being met, according to the last Prorogation:

A Meflkge was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Cox, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’sCommission, desire theimmediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Comm i(Ron was read for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 23d Day of this inllant November: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 23d Day of this instant November.

Parliament

further

prorogued*

[317 ]

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Sess. 1758 — 9.

Jovis, 23* Novemhris;

Anno 32° Georgii II'1 Regis, 1758.

JlefTageto A MESSAGE was brought, by Mr. Quarme, attend the AV Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: seers* Mr. Speaker,

TJie Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read:

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

A Member A Member, returned upon a new Writ, took the takesOaths. Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Ab juration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Outlawry A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Proceedings Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire in the Peers of the Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s reported. Commission, that the House might hear the Commission read, had been at the House of Peers: Where the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, fitting with several other Lords, on a Form between the Throne and the Woolsacks, said to the Effect following:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

We are commanded by his Majesty to let you know, That as it is not convenient for his Majesty to be present here this Day in his Royal Person, he has been pleased, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, to authorize his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, and several Lords therein mentioned, to do every thing in the Name of his Majesty, which ought to be done on the Part of his Majesty, in this Parliament, as may more fully . appear by the Letters Patent.

That then the said Letters Patent being read, which were to the Purport of what the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal had said, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, 3s One of the Commissioners, made a Speech to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

In pursuance of the Authority given to us, by his Majesty’s Commission under the Great Seal, amongst other Things, to declare the Causes of his holding this Parliament; his Majesty has been graciously pleased to direct us to assure you, that he always receives the highest Satisfaction in being able to lay before you any Vol. 28.

Events that may promote the Honour and Interest of his Kingdoms:

That, in consequence of your Advice, and enabled by that Assistance which you unanimously gave him, his Majesty has exerted his Endeavours to carry on the Waf in the most vigorous Manner, in order to that defirablo End always to be wished, a safe and honourable Peace. It has pleased the Divine Providence to bless his Majesty’s Measures and Arms with Success in several Parts; and to make our Enemies feel, that the Strength of Great Britain is not to be provoked with Impunity.

We have it also in Command from his Majesty to acquaint you, That the Conquest of the strong Fortress of Louifbourg, with the Islands of Cape Breton and Saint John, the Taking of Frontenac, of the highest Importance to our Operations in North America, and the Reduction of Senegal, cannot fail to bring great Distress upon the French Commerce and Colonies, and, in proportion, to procure great Advantages to our own: That Nation has also been made sensible, that, whilst their Forces arefent forth to invade and ravage the Dominions of their Neighbours, their ownCoafts are not inaccessible to his Majesty’s Fleets and Armies: This they have experienced in the Demolition of their Works at Cherbourg, erected at a great Expence, with a particular View to annoy this Country; and in the Loss of a great. Number of Ships and Vessels; but no Treatment however injurious to his Majesty, could tempt him to make Retaliation on the innocent Subjects of that Crown.

In Germany his Majesty’s good Brother the King of Prussia, and Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick, have found full Employment for the Armies of France and her Confederates, from which our Operations both by Sea and in America have derived the most evident Advantage: Their Successes, owing, under God, to their able Conduct, and the Bravery of his Majesty’s Troops, and those of his Allies, have been signal and glorious.

His Majesty has further commanded us to observe to you, That the common Cause of Liberty and Independency isftiil making noble and vigorous Efforts against the unnatural Union formed to oppress it: That the Commerce of his Subjects, the Source of our Riches, has, by the vigilant Protection received from his Majesty’s Fleet* flourished in a manner not to be paralleled during such Troubles. In this State of Thin gs, his Majesty, in his Wisdom, thinks it unnecessary to use many Words to persuade you to bear up against all Difficulties, effectually to stand by and defend his Majesty, vigorously to support the King of Fruffia, and the rest of his Majesty’s Allies, and to exert yourselves to reduce our Enemies to equitable Terms of Accommodation.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The uncommon Extent of this War in different Parts occasions it to be uncommonly expensive. This, his Majesty

AdJrefs to his Majesty.

318 230 Novembris. 1758.

Majesty has ordered us to declare unto you, that he finccrelv laments, and feels deeply for the Burthens of his People. The several Estimates are ordered to be laid before you; and his Majesty desires only such Supplies as shall b£ requiffte to push the War with Advantage, and be adequate to the necessary Services.

My Lords and Gentlemen-,

His Majesty has, in the last place, graciously commanded us to assure you, that he takes so much Satisfaction in that good Harmony which fubfills amongst his faithful Subjects, that it is more proper for him now to thank you for it, than to repeat his Exhortations to it. This Union, necessary at all times, Is more especially so in such critical Conjunctures; and his Majesty doubts not but the good Effects we have found From it will be the strongest Motives to you to pursue it.

lfefolved, Ntmine Contradicente, That an humble Address be prefen ted to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the most humble Thanks of this House, for the Speech delivered by his Majesty’s Command to both Houses of Parliament; to congratulate his Majesty, with Hearts full of the most unfeigned Joy, upon the many signal Successes with which it has pleased Divine Providence to bless his Majesty’s Measures and Arms in several Parts, particularly in the important Conquest of the itrong Fortress of Loui/bourg, with the Islands of Cape Breton and St. John; the Taking of Frvntenuc, so effeutial to our Operations in North America \ the Reduction of the valuable Settlement of Senegal-, the total Demolition of the Harbour and Works of Cherbourg, erected atfo great Expence by the Enemy, with a particular View to annoy this Country; and the Destruction of the Shipping and Privateers in the Ports of France: That his Majesty \s faithful Commons feel, with the highest Satisfaction, how greatly these Events redound to the Honour and Interest of his Majesty’sKingdoms, to the upholding the Reputation of the British Anns, and to the maintaining and extending the Glories of his Majesty \s Reign: That they have a lively Sense of these happy Consequences, under God, of his Majesty’s Wisdom in the powerful Exertion of his naval Force, to the Annoyance and Dif-tress of the Fleets, Trade, and Navigation, of France, whilst the Commerce of Great Britain flourilhes in full Protection and Security, and at the same time of his Majesty’s Justice and Magnanimity, in steadily supporting his Allies, and in carrying on with Vigour, in all Parts, this arduous and necessary War: That we fee, with Joy and Admiration, the glorious Efforts made in Germany by his Majesty’s grea^ Ally the King of Praffia, and those made by Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick, feco tided by the Valour of his Majesty’s Troops, and those of his Allies; and that full Employment has thereby been given to all the Armies of France, and of her Confederates, from which our Operations both by Sea and in America have received the most evident and important Advantages: To assure his Majesty, that his faithful Commons, juilly animated in Defence of the Rights of his Crown, and of the Protestant Religion and the commonCause of Liberty and Independency, against the dangerous U nion which hath been formed to oppress them, will bear up against all Difficulties, and exert themselves to the utmost, by granting to his Majesty such Supplies as shall be necessary effectually to Hand by and defend his Majesty, and vigorously to support the King of Prujffia, and the rest of his Majesty’s Allies; firmly relying on the Wisdom and Goodness of his Majesty, that the same will be applied in the properelt Manner to pulh the War with A vantage, and to reduce the Enemy to equitableTerms of a safe, honourable, and laftingPeace: To express our most grateful Sense of the paternal Satisfaction his Majesty takes in that good Harmony which subsists amongst his faithful Subjects, and of his gracious Acceptance of the universal Zeal and Affection of his People; which salutary Union hath enabled us so effectually to exert our Strength abroad, and hath preserved at home Tranquillity, Safety, and public Credit; and we trust that the Continuance of the same truly *4

national Spirit will, by the Blessing of God, be attended with the like happy Effects for the future.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw np an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of LoM Middleton,

Sir Ilk hard G riffle nor, Mr. Charles Town/hemi; Sir William Calvert, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord North, Mr. Secretary Pitt, Mr. Paeon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. [lunger, Mr. Maxwell,

Mr. Henry Fane, Mr. NugentMr James Grenville,

Mr. Newnham, Mr. Weff, General Mojhjn, Mr. Martin,

Sir John Philipps’, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Cooke,

Doctor Hay, Mr. Butler, Sir Robert JOadbivokc; Air.

Clapton, Sir Reger Nezodigate, Mr. Wilics', Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gajhry, Sir John Himle Cotton, Mr.

Walpole, Lord Hozve, Mr. Attorney General; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordereu,'1' hat the Speeeh of the Lords Commissioners, appointed by his Majesty for holding this Parliament, to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dunmcb the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a nevV Writ for the Wtil* electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunwich, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of So a me Jem/ns Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of his Majesty’s Three Chiltem Hundreds of Stoke, Dejhorougii, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the WenJock Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new AVrit for the Writ, electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wenlock', in the County of Salop, in the room of William Fortjler, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to York the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of York, in the room of Sir John Armitage Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cambridge the Clerk of the Crovvn, t o make out a new Writ for the Wiitv electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, in the Room of the Right honourable Thomas llap Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Dupplin, now Earl of Kinnoul, a Peer of Great Britain, and Baron Hay, of Pedwarden, in the County of Hereford, called up to the I louse of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new AVrit, for the electing of q. Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Brdford, in the room of the Right honourable John Earl of Upper Offbry, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Nott- . the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new AVrit for the Wnu electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Nottingham, in the room of the Right honourable George Augustus Lord Viscount Howe, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to London the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new AVrit for Writ the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for th^ City of London, in the room of Slings by Belhell Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Grand

Committees*

Committee

of

Privileges*

32 Geo. II. 240 Novembrh* \ 310

Venerisy 24.0 afo Novembris;

Anno 32° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

That the Grand Committee for Religion ^ao fit every)Tutfday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections he appointed:.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Lord Thomond, Mr. Bofcavccn, Sir Roger Nexvdigate, Mr. West, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. OlmiiiSj Sir John Philipps, Mr. Harbor d, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Charlton, Sir Charles Iianbury JVilliams, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Jci/m Crojfe, Mr. Fvncreau, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Ofzcald, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Archer> Mr Grenville, Mr. Chctzvynd, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Martin, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Calvert, Mr. IVilbraham, Mr. Affleck^ the Lord Resrifter of Scotland, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Ellis, Sir Ellis Cuni iffe, Mr. Fox, Sir Win. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Cooke, M r. Dodd, Mr. Eger ton. Sir Thomas II ales s Mr. Plume r, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Prozefc, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Middleton, Mr. G a firry. Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Willy, General MoJhjn, Mr. Ilcwett, General Onslow, Mr. Roivnei), Mr. Belchier* Mr. Delaval Mr. Morton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Frederick, Mr. drift, Mr. Butler, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Fane, Mr. Waller, LordCary fort.Mr. Fellozves, Lord North, Mr. Gore, Sir Pi era/ Brett, Mr. Churchill, Sir John Cust, Mr. Bag t, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Webb, Mr* Curzon, Mr. Smith, Sir Conyers IT Aral, Mr. Finch, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Calthorpe, Mi\ Nichnlfon Calvert, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Wiikinfm, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Edmund Nugent, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Thorofon, Mr. Herbert, Mr. William Richard Chctzvynd, Mr. Westfating. Colonel Clayton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bathnrft, Mr. Thomas Fane, Admiral Tozvnjhend, Mr. Alexander, Sir Robdrt Ilildijard, Mr. Pole, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Brudendl, Sir William Codring ton, Mr. Wilkes, General Holmes, Mr. Cocks, General Conway, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Grove, Lord Pulteney, Mr. Rigby, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Boone, Mr. Luttrdl, Mr. Morton, Mr. Lafidles, Mr. Moiyneux, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mabboit, Mr. Crejwell, Mr. Fijfier, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Duller, Mr. Lane, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Malthezo Lambe, Mr. Ilumc, Sir Turner, Mr. Finch, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Egviont, Mr. Powell, Lord Milton, Mr. Price; Mr. Campbell, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Howard, Mr. Symons, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Ward, Mr* Pelham, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. P/M: And they are to meet upon Monday Fortnight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to lit every Wednesduy, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who. come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as ilia.11 or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the First place;, and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons who will question any Returns; are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and fp within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee areto have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned far Two or more Places^ are to make VOL. 28.

their Election by this Day Three Weeks for Which of the Places they will serve, prov ided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And ifany thing shall come in question touching the Return, Election, or Nlaite'r of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And ail Members returned upon double Returns are to withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections ufua! for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Order*; Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient time; to he appointed either by the House, brthe Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House, or the said Committee; deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lifts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members, giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents,* within the same tiriie, deliver the like Lifts; on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Plectiort of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if i t shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured fotobe, by Bribery, orany other corrupt Pra6Hces,this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witriefs in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing or giving Evidence, the same isdeclaredtobea high Crime and M ifdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such O(fender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence in any Cafe, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with' the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liber-ties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve lor the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall fee, or be informed of to be, in the! House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, Thatt he Back Door of the Sneaker’sChamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to lie locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without. Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this Hotife do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

- Ordered,

Ufoal

Orders.

24° Novethbris.

A 1758.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume the Printing thereof: And that no Person, but such as to bring any Stranger or Stranger's into the House, or , he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables and other Officers of Middlesex and Westminster to t^ike care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Weji-minster-hall,or the Passages leading to the House, during _ the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoy- ance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within die Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall prefuitie to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays cepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Riling of the House -y and also on every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Flack appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the Several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the feme.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.-

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet directed to this I louse shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills, after the Third Day of February next.

The Lord Middleton reported from the Committee Address appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be pre- the fented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn KirS* up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, ret urn your Majesty our most sincere and hearty Thanks for the Speech delivered bj' your Majesty’s Command to both Houses of Parliament.

We beg Leave to congratulate your Majesty^ with Hearts full of the most unfeigned Joy, upon the many signal Successes with which it has pleased Divine Providence to bless your Majesty’s Measures and Arms in several Parts of the World; particularly in the important Conquest of the strong Fort refs of Louijbourg, with the Islands of Cape Breton and 67. John; the taking of Frontenac, so essential to our Operations in North America; the RuduClion of the valuable Settlement of Senegal; the total Demolition of the Harbour and Works of Cherbourg, erected at so great Expence by the Enemy, with a particular View to annoy this Country; and the Destruction of the Shipping and Privateers in the Ports of France.

Your Majesty’s faithful Commons feel, with the high-eft Satisfaction, how greatly these Events redound to the Honour and Interests of your Majesty’s Kingdoms, to the upholding the Reputation of the British Arms, and to the maintaining and extending the Glories of your Majesty’s Reign.

We have the most lively Sense of these happy Consequences, under God, of your Majesty’s Wisdom in the powerful Exertion of the naval Force of these Kingdoms, to the Annoyance and Distress of the Fleets, Trade, and Navigation, of France, whilst the Commerce of Great Britain flourishes in full Protection and Security; and at the fatne time of your Majesty’s Justice and Magnanimity in steadily supporting your Allies, and in carrying on with Vigour, in all Parts, this arduous and necessary War.

It is with Joy and Admiration we fee the glorious Efforts made in Germany by your Majesty’s great Ally the King of Prussia, and those made by Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick, seconded by the Valour of your Majesty’s Troops, and those of your Allies; and that full Employment has thereby been given to all the Armies of France, and of her Confederates; from which our Operations, both by Sea and in America, have received the most evident and important Advantages.

Permit us to assume your Majesty,that your faithful Commons, justly animated in Defence of the Rights of your Majesty’s Crown and of the Protestant Religion, and the common Cause of Liberty and Independency, against the dangerous Union which hath been formed to oppress them, will bear up against all Difficulties, and exert themselves to the utmost,by granting to your Majesty such Supplies as shall be necessary, effectually to stand by and defend your. Majesty, and vigorously to support the King of Pritffia, and the rest of your jesty’s Allies; firmly relying on the Wisdom and Goodness of your Majesty, that the same will be applied in the properest manner to push the War with Advantage, and to reduce the Enemy to equitable Terms of a safe, honourable, and lasting Peace.

We beg Leave also to express our most grateful Sense of the paternal Satisfaction your Majesty takes in that

good Harmony whichfubfifts atmongst your faithful Sub-Ordere^That the Votes of this House be printed, be jects, and of your Majesty’s gracious Acceptance of the ing first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint universa| Zeal and Affection of your People; which 20 salutary

32 Geo. IL 24° — 25°

f'llntary Union hath enabled tis foeffectually lb exert our Strength abroad, and hath preferred at home TmnqUtility, Safety, and public Credit; and we trust that the Continuance of the same truly national Spirit will, by the Blessing of God, be attended with the like happy Eflecls for the future.

The fiid Address being read a Sefcond time;

Resolved, Ne/^ine contradicente, That the House dotli agree with the Committee in the said Address tb be presented to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be prefeuted to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

The Speech Ordered, That the Speech of the Lords Commissidn-

iobe ers,appointed by his Majesty for holding this Parfia* cvnfidered. ^ent, to both Houses of Parliament, be taken into Consideration To-mbrrdw Morning.

Etfon A Petition bf Ambrose Ified Eftjuire, Lord of the Iiidufure. Manor of Eclon, in the County of Northampton^ arid others, was prfcfehted to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are several open common Fields withrn the said Manor and Parish of Eclon, the Property of the Petitioners, and others; and alleging, that if the said Fields were divided and inclosed, it would he very advantageous to the several Proprietors of Lands therein; but that such Division and Inclosure cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: And therelbre prayin g, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for the purposes a foresaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think tit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fnant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And That Mr. Cartwright and Mr. Rose Fuller do prepare, and bring in, tire fame.

Ex rta’iori Rffflved, Nemiiie contradicente, That tlris House will,

toCwiC&ci MortifhgTiext, refoIveitfclfintoa Commit-

t€fe t)f the whole HbrVfe, to take into Coirsideration an Act, tiiade in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing certain Laws, made in the last Sessioii of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat* Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat, Bariev, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Isle of Man, for the Use of tire Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships; and to authorize his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to Order and permit the Exportation of such Quantities of the Commodities aforesaid as may be necessary for the Sultentation of any Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, or of those of his Majesty’s Allies acting in Support of the common Cause; and to prohibit the Payment of any Bounty upon th<t Exportation of any of the said Commodities tb be made during the Continuance of this Act.

Importation Ordered, Xemine contradicente, That Leave be given

of B«f, &c. to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, from Ireland. an Act, made in the Last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of failed Beef, Pork, and Butler, from Ireland, for a limited-Time: And that Mr. Thomas Coventry, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, ! and Mr. Nugent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.


I And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Novembris, §2 f

Sabbatiy 2 50 die Novembris;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758:

Prayers.

THE Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That king's his Majesty, having being attended with their Ad- Aufvcr dress of Yetterday, was pleased to receive the same very 10 Addreft* graciously, and to give the following Answer;

I return you my Thanks for your dutiful and affectionate Address, and for this fresh Mark of your unanimous Zeal in Defence of me and my Crown, and of my good Brother the King of Prussia, and the rell of my Allies.

You may depend on triy constant Endeavours for the Prefer vat ion of my Kingdoms, their Trade and Colonies, and for the Liberties of Europe.

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby be added to the Gentlemen Importations who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, to of continue, for a Time to be limited, An Act made in the from lrcland# last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaket do issue his Warrant to Penryn the Clerk of the (Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Right honourable Richard Edg-cumbe Esquire, now Lord Edgcumbe, called up to the House of Peers.

Mr. Cartwright preferred (0 the Iloiife, according to ERon

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Iaclosure Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Eclon, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill read a Second time.

A Petition of the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridge- Salford

water Was presented to the House, and read; taking Canal. Notice of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty, for making navigable the River or Brook, called WorjleyBrook, from Worjlcy Mill, iiuheTownship of Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the*

River Irwell, in the said County; and alleging, that although upwards of Twenty Years are elapsed ftnee the obtaining the said Act, no Parc of the said Brook has been made navigable; but the Undertakers have intirely neglected to carry the said Act, and the Powers thereby given, intoExecution, whereby the I Mentions of the Le-giilartire have been intirely frustrated and disappointed; and setting forth, that the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor of Worjley, in the said County, and is Proprietor of several contiderable Coal Mines within the same Manor, and also Proprietor of the said Mill, called Worjley Mill, and of a great Part of the said River or Brook, called Worjley Brook; and that Coals are conveyed from the said Mines to the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the said County, at the Distance-of several Miles, by Land Carriage, at a confldcrable Expence to the Con-fumers: and that the Gentlemen, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, in Lymen, Thelwell, and other Places, in the County Palatine of Chester, are supplietl with Coals from Worjley aforesaid, or other Mines in that Neighbourhood, and are under aNeeeflity of having them conveyed by Land Carriage, for several Miles, through very bad Roads, at a very considerable Expence; and alleging, that, by a late Survey, it appears that a Canal or Cut may be made from a certain Place in the Township of Salford aforesaid, to or near Worjley Mill aforesaid,’ and a certain Wood, called Middle Wood, in the said Manor of Worjley, and to and near a certain Place c^led Ilo/lin Ferry, in the said County of Lancaster, and near to the said N County

321 25° — 27° Novmbris.

.1758.

County of Chester; and may be supplied with Water from the said Worfiey Brook, and other Places adjacent to the said proposed Canal or Cut, suficient for the Navigation of Boats, and other Vessels with considerable Burthens, whereby 'the Conveyance not only of Coals, but also of Stone, Timber, Lime, Dung, Manure, Goods, and other Things, to and from the said ' Places, will be greatly facilitated, and rendered less expend ve; and that the Petitioner, who is Proprietor of the Lauds through which the said Canar or.Cut is intended to be made, for.a very great Extent, is witling to undertake, at his own Expence, to make and maintain the said Canat or Cut, in case the Property thereof shall be veiled in him and his Heirs, and such Powers given to carry the said intendcdWork intoExecntion,astheHouse shall think fit: and to permit the free Conveyance c^f all Sorts of Manure for Land: and to be limited to such Tonage as the House shall think reasonable, for all Boats and Vessels laden with Coals, and other Goods, to be navigated upon the said Canal; and that the Petitioner is willing to undertake to defiver very considerable Quantities of Coals at or near the extreme Parts of the said Cut or Canal, upon much more advantageous Terms to the Consumers than they can now. procure the same; and that the Canal of Cut now proposed to be made by the Petitioner wiff be much more advantageous to the Public than the Navigation which was intended by the said Act to have been made upon the said Worfiey Brook; and that many of the Proprietors of the Lands, through which the said Canal or Cut is pro poled to be made, are consenting thereto,uponreceivmga proper and adequate Satisfaction for the Damages they may fullain; but, as the Petitioner will be unable to carry the said intended Work into Execution, without the Aid of Parliament, therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioner to make such Canal or Cut as aforesaid, and such Works as may he necessary for the convenient Use thereof, under such Regulations, and with such Powers and Provisions, as the House {halt think necessary and proper. '

Ordered, that the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Audthattl\ey do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Eger Ion, Dr.Hay, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hunter, Mr. West, Mr. Falter, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Fcnereau, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Nor the}}, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Finch, Mr. Westfuling, Mr. Boone; Sir Geo. Montgomery Mctham, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Chetwymf, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Offiey, Mr. Hume, Lord Middletonx Mr. Atdivorth, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Maxwell, Mr. Locke, Mr. Thomas Townshend, S\rRoger Nezvdigate, Mr. Probyn, Sir IVtUiam Morelon, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Medlycolt, Mr. Watson, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Gore, Mr. Butler, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Martin, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Nugent, Lord Geo. Manners, Mr. Proxvfi, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Bacon, Sir JVm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Hubbard, I^ord Egmont; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Chester, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are ta have Voices.

The Order of the Day being read;

Th« 9p«ch The Ho^fe proceeded to take into Consideration the conquered. Speech of the Lords Commissioners, appointed by his Majesty for holding this Parliament, to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

RifulvcdyThaX this House will, upon Monday Morning,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

LuncZ) 2 70 die Novembris;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.'

Pr A YEFTS.

APETITION of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Com- Exportation monalty,of the City of Bristol, under their Common of Coro, kc. Seal,was presented to the House, and reatj; alleging, That the Petitioners observe with Satisfaction, that, lince the Lawsfor prohibiting the rpaking of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal and Flour, have been in Force, the Commonalty of this Country appear more sober, healthy, and indullrious; and representing several ill Consequences which, the Petitionersapprehend,wil]arise* uidefsthofewholesomeandnecefi’aryProhibitionsarecontinued: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their feriqus Consideration, and afford such Relief to them as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Nezv Sarum was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of feverarconliderable Advantages, which, the Petitioners allege, have arisen from the Act for preventing the Distilling of spirituous Liquors from Corn and other Grain: And therefore praying, That the aforesaid Act may be continued, or some Law made that will answer the same good Purposes, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to w;hom it is referred' to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing certain Laws,macje in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Com, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread,

Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of tow W ines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour, and to allow the Transportation of Wheat, Barley,

Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session, for difeontiiHiing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Shi ps; and to amho-rize his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order and permit the Exportation of such Quantities of the Com modi ties aforesaid as may be necessary for the Sullen tation of any Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, or of those of his Majesty’s Allies acting in Support of the common Cause; and to prohibit the Payment of any Bounty upon the Exportation of any of the said Commodities to be made during the Continuance of this Act.

Mr. Thomas Coventry presented to the House, accord- Importation ing to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to beli- °* Kcch &€* mited. An Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, f,om Ireland, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of felted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rcfoked, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ftn Ac- Accaunt of count of the Quantity of Grain and Meal imported into 9ra,n’ this Kingdom, from Michaelmas 1757 to Michaelmas ,mport ’ 173B; distinguishing the several Species, the Places

from

u.

2 Geo. TT. 27* — 28

from whence brought, and the Ports at which imported.

Accounts Notice being taken of the Orders made by this House rrfpccting upon the 24th Day of May Jaft, and also upon the 6th Sc*^n(J Day of June last, in the last Session of Parliament, for JJSS'&c. the several Accounts therein mentioned to be prepared, in order to be laid before the House in this present Sefficm of Parliament;

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do Jay before this House, an Account of the Number of Men taken into (he Service of his Majesty’s Navy, to serve as able or ordinary Seamen, or as Landmen, exclusive of Marines, from Christmas 1754 to Christmas 1757; distinguishing how many of such Men were Volunteers, and how many of them were pressed; as also an Account of the Number of those who have deserted, and of those who have been discharged; together with an Account of the Number of such Men as have died, whether oh board of Ship, or in the Hospitals or sick Quarters, or in other Places, distinguidling the Number of those who . have been flain, or have died of Wounds received in Combat against the Enemy, and of those who have been drowned within the same Time; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House an Account of the Number of Men pressed into the Service of his Majesty’s Navy, from Ships belonging to Great Britain, in the Merchants Service, returning from any of his Majesty’s Plantations, or foreign Ports or Places, to any Port or Place in Great Britain, from Christmas 1754 to Christmas \ 7 57, with the Name of each such Ship, and the Poit she was bound to, with the Number of Men prelfed from each Ship; di/lingu idling the Account of each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, a List or Lifts of the Names of every Ship in the Merchants Service, belonging to Great Britain, returned from any of his Majesty’s Plantations, or foreign Ports or Places, to any Port or Place in Great Britain, from Christmas j 754 to Christmas 175 7, setting forth the Burthen of each Ship, and the Port or Place diepamefrom, and where reported; distinguidiingeach Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all the Expences which have been occasioned by pressing Men for the Service of his Majesty’s Navy, from Christmas 1754 to Christmas 1757, setting forth, as near as can be, the Numbers of Men belonging to the Navy, employed, at a Medium, on this Service; as also the Number and Qualify of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels usually employed for pressing Men from Ships returning from foreign Voyages or on Coasting Voyages, or that have been made use of to confine pressed Men in, until they v could be distributed into other Ships for Service; together with the Number and Quality of all Vessels hired for the like Purposes during the said Time; distinguidi-ing, as near as can be, the total Expence of each Year, and what Part thereof hath been paid yearly, in pur-fuahee to his Majesty’s Proclamation for the Discovery of Seamen concealing themselves.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, a List or Lifts of the Names of every Ship or Vessel belonging to the Subjects of any foreign Prince or State arrived in any Port or Place in Great Britain, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1757; ^et" ting forth the Burthen of each such Ship or Vessel, and the Port or Place flic came from and belonged to, and where reported, whether to lade or unlade; with the Amount of the total Quantity of the Tonage of such foreign Ships or Vessels arrived at each Port or Place; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House,. Accounts of the Number of Men and Boys pro-tecied by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, by the principal Officers of his Majestys Ordnance, by the principal Of-Vol. 28.

NoUembrii. 3*3

fleers and Commissionerfc of his Majesty’s Navy, and by the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy* exclusive of those protected pursuant to Act of Parliament, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1757; setting forth the different Services for which such PersonS wet* intended to be protected, and what Number of theih have been forcibly pressed into the Service of his Majesty’s Navy, notwithstanding their being so protected; distinguishing the Number protected for Ships outward bound on distanfc Voyages to his Majesty’s Plantations or foreign Countries, from those for Ships or Vessels making short Voyages or using the Coasting Trade; distinguishinglikewife those granted to the Magistrates of Corporations, for the Use of Members thereof, as also those granted for Fishermen, Boatmen, Bargemen, or others, working on the Water in small Craft, together with those granted to private Ship Builders, Boat Builders, Riggers, or others, for the Protection of Artificers,

Seamen, Labourers, or others employed by them, as also those granted to the Artificers, Labourers; or others, working for his Majesty’s Service, in and about his Majesty’s Dock Yards, and summing up the total Number of Persons proteCled in each Yrear.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Men protected by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1757, in Obedience to an Act of Parliament, of the 13th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Increase of Mariners and Seamen to navigate Merchant Ships, or other trading Ships or Vessels.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday last, Tfiat a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Speech of the Lords Commissioners, appointed by his Majesty for holding this Parliament, to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 28° dieNo } Anno 32* Georgii II11 Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That sortie of the Accounts;

Commissioners of the Custotns attended at the East-Indi. Door; Trade.

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several A S of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited India Goods brought into the East India Warehotifes in St. in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1757; also what have been exported from that time, and what remained at Michaelmas 1758: And also*

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods brought into the East India Warehouses at Leadenhall, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1757; and also what have been exported from that time, and what remained at Michaelmas 17^8: And also,

N*

324 2.8° Novembis. 17 58.

N° 3. An Account of prohibited Raft India Goods remaining in his Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of <London, at Michaelmas 1757, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1758: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to ibe worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out-ports, at Michaelmas 1757, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1758: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited Raft India Goods which have been delivered out of the Wardioufes at-67. Helen's, Leadenhall, Billiter Lane, and Custom-house, in the Port of London, fine e Michaelmas 1757, in order to be dyed, glazed, $fc. what have been returned, and what remained out of the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1758: And also.

Ruffian N°6. Act Account of naval Stores imported from

Naval Store*. Rujfia into the Port of London, Svom Michaelmas 1757 Ao Michaelmas 1758: And also,

>N° 7. An Account of naval Stores imported from JtuJJia into the Ports of England, commonly called the :Qut*ports, from Michaelmas 1757 to Michaelmas 1758: And also,

Greenland N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which

Fiibery. have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and>Burthe»s, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they w'ere discharged, and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported, in the Year 1758.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to bfe perused'by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Suppljr* Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday lad. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place , and a'terwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table . where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

llefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time; llefolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply he granted to his Majesty.

llefolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Usual Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the

Estimates. Navy, for the Year 1759, with the Half-pay Officers of the Navy, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1759, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1759, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who are to be on Half pay for the Year 1759, he laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1759.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the H

Year 1758 have be£n disposed of, distinguished under their feverat Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, die wing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years ending at the 5th Day of April 1758, and the ioth Day of October 1758, as well of, or for, the Exeefs or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of, or for, the Exeefs or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of, or for* the Exeefs or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the General Fund.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Hotife, an Account of all Sums of Money that have beef] issued by, and of all Demands that have been made on, any Receiver General of the Land Tax, on or before the 23d of this infiant November, by virtue of any Warrants from the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or by any Draughts of any of his Majesty’s Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding, or Place, in pursuance of an Act, of the 31st Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for applying the Money granted^by Parliament towards defraying the Charge of Pay* and Clothing for the Militia for the Year 17585 and for defraying the 1 Expences incurred on Account of the Militia in the Year 1757.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pJeased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty. by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’smost honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of Christopher Bethell Esquire, heretofore Codrington’* called Christopher Codrington, was presented to the Name. House, and read; praying. That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and such df his Heirs as shall become possessed of the real Estatesde-vised to them by the Will of Slingsby Bethell Esquire, of the City of London, lately deceased, to take the Surname, and use the Arms, of Bethell only, in pursuance of the Will of the said Slingsby Bethell Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Codrington, Mr. Alderman Bedford, and Mr. Berkeley, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

llefolved. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to provide that the said Act be construed to extend to all Kinds of salted Pork and Hog Meat imported or to be imported into Great Britain from Ireland.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Exportation whole House, to take into Consideration an Act, made of Com,&c, in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing certain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament, (or prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt,

Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the makin g of low W i nes and Spirits from W heat,

Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or for Meal or FJpur; and to allow the Transportation of WTieat,

Barley, Oats, and Flour, to the Hie of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session, for difeon-tinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and

upon

32 Geo. II. 28° — 29*

upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from Hie Enemy;* and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships; and to authorize his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order and permit the Exportation of such Quantities of the Commodities aforesaid as may he mcessary for the Sullen tat ion of any Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, or those of his Majesty *s Allies acting in Support of the common Cause; and to prohibit the Payment of any Bounty upon the Exportation of any of the said Commodities, to be made during the Continuance of this Act.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker Vefumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.


Mercuric 29° die Novembris;

Anno 32° Georgii IV. Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

Anfaer Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That

toAddrcfs A their Addrefc of Yefterdny, that his Majesty would for be gracioufty pleased to give Directions, that the Efti-EstimaLes. mates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been prefen ted to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Eflon A Bill for dividing and in doling the common Fields, Incloiare. commonPaftures, common Meadows, commonGrounds, and wade Grounds, in the Parish of Eclon, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved,. That the Bill he committed to Mr. Carl-aright, Mr. Kipinston, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Bowes, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Drake, Mr. Fuller, Sir W m. Codrington, «► Mr. Probyn, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Thor of on, Lord North, Mr. Town /head, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Home, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Proufe. Sir John Philinps, Mr. New n ham, Mr. V)iner, Mr. Northerly Admiral Holmes, Mr. Hunter, Sir Fra no is Pndc. Mr. Affleck, Mr. Dicker, Mr Hanger, Lord Middleton, Mr Fane, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Martin, Mr. Earle, Mr. Medlecott, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. More, Mr. R7 Ikinjbn, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Pile, Mr. VanjiUart, Mr. Sergifnrt, Mr. IVilles, Sir Roger Neredigate, Mr. Fairfax, Sir John Turner, Mr. Ojwaidf nr Charles Kentys Twite, Mr. Webb, Mr. Grenville, Mr, Elliot* Mr. Julians Bedford, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Jlervey, Lord Barrington-, and all the VIembers whoservefor the Counties o[Northampton, Bucks, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Codrington’s Sirft ’illiam Co drington prefen ted to the House, accord-

Name. ing to Order, a Bill to enable Christopher Codrington Esquire, now called Christopher Bethell, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Bethell, pursuant to the Will of Sling shy Bethell Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First time. Rejoiced, That the Bill be read a Second tin\e.

Honin^ton A Petition of Joseph Town fit end Esquire, Lord of the kdoimer. Manor of Honington, in the County of Warwick, Impropriator of the Rectory Impropriate, and Patron of the Vicarage of Honington aforesaid, the Reverend Richard Sxoanne Clerk, Vicar of the said Vicarage, John Timbrel Esquire, and other the Proprietors and Owners Vol. 28.

Novembris. 325

of the common Field of Honington aforesaid, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to t lie House and read; alleging, That the said common Field, confiding of ArableMeadow, Pafttire, and walte Ground, belonging to the Petitioners, in several undivided Shares and Proportions, lies open and uninclosed; and that the Petitioners are very delirous t hat the same may be inclosed and divided; and that a specific Share thereof may lie allotted to each Proprietor, in proportion to his respective Share and Interest therein, with due Regard to the Quantity and Quality; and that the same may be enjoyed in Severalty for ever by the several Owners and Occupiers thereof; and that Lands may be laid out in lieu and full Satisfaction for the Tythes belonging to the ' said Rectory Impropriate and Vicarage respectively; and also that just Allowance shall be made to the Ix>rd of the . said Manor, for his Interest in the Wade: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the inclosing and dividing the said common Field, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Oswald and Sir CharlesMordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Philipps, according to Order, reported from Exportation the Committee of the w hole House, to whom it was re- of Com, ferred to take into Consideration ail Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing certain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal,

Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat,

Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat,

Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for rev iving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session, for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Fiour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships; and to authorize his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order and permit the Exportation of such Quantities of the Commodities aforesaid as may be necessary for the Suilentation of any Forces in the Pay oV, Great Britain, or of those of his Majesty’s Allies, acting in Support of the common Cause; anil to prohibit the Payment of any Bounty upon the Exportation of any of the said Commodities, to be made during the Continuance of this Act; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That lo much of the Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing certain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour,

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of low Wines -and Spirits from Wheat, Barley,

Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there: and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session, for discontinuing the Duties uponCorn and FJour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Fiour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships; and to authorize his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order and permit the Exportation of such Quantities of the Commodities aforesaid as may be ue-cefiary for the Suftentation of any Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, or of those of his Majesty’s Allies, acting in Support of the common Cause; and to prohibit the 4 O Payment

32 6 29*' — 3°°

Payment of any Bounty upon the Exportation of any of the said Commodities, to be made during the Continuance of this Act; as relates to the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, which was to continue in Force to the Twenty-fourth Day of December 1758, be continued to the Twenty-fourth Day of December 1759; subject nevertheless to such Provisions, for ihortening the saidTerm ofitsContinuance, as shall hereafter be made by any Act of this Session of Parliament, or by his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, during the Recess of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act, made in the 30th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and also upon such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been or shall be taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom, which, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament., was to have Continuance to the 24th Day of December 1758, is not proper to be further continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act, made in the 30th Year of his Majesty’s Reign,intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Tim e, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour, which, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, was to have Continuance to the 24th Day of December 1758, be further continued to the 24th Day of December 1759.

TheTwo Firil Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Ne~ mine contradicente.

The last Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir John Philipps, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, M r. Rigby, and M r. Alderman Beckford, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Char lion took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Martin have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Militia Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

Pay and Majesty, That he will begraciously pleased to give Di-oal ing* reftions for the i(Tiling, till further Provision can be made in Parliament for that Purpose, such Money as shall be foundneceflary for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1759, according to the Rates mentioned in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for applying the Money granted by Parliament towards defrayingt he Charge of Pay and Cloath-ing for the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hun-

24

Novembris. A. 1758.

dred and Fifty-eight"; and for defraying IheExpences incurred on account of the Militia in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-seven; and that this House will make good the same to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty* by such Members of this House as are ofliis Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 30° die Novembris;

Anno 320 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Merchants and principal Inhabi- Exportation tants of Liverpool was presented to the House, and of Corn, &c. read; alleging. That it is very evident to the Petitioners, that the Law for preventing the diliilling of Corn has been attended with beneficial and salutary Eflefts: And praying the House to take the Premises intotheir serious Consideration, and that the Law to prohibit the Distillation of Grain may be continued as long as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie’upon the Table, until the Bill be brought in pursuant to the Resolutions which were Yellerday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Consideration an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing certain Laws, made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Search; and for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits lfom Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the same Session, for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread,

Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Y\oxrc\ntoGreatBritai?i and Ireland in neutral Ships; and to authorize his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order and permit the Exportation of such Quantities of the Commodities aforesaid as may be necessary for the Sulten-tation of any Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, or of those of his Majesty’s Allies, acting in Support of the common Cause: and to prohibit the Payment of any Bounty upon the Exportation of any of the said Commodities, to be made during the Continuance of this Act; and were then agreed to by the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whoseHouse, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sixty thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for the Year 1759, including Fourteen thousand Eight hundred Forty-five Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Sixty thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Ways

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, an<i McanS*

to

V

32 Geo. II. 30° A ovembris. — 1 327

to consider of Ways and Mean's for raising the Supply grunted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1eneris, i° die Decembris;

Anno 320 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758. Prayers.

Mtoa TV ff R. Vice Chamberlain reported to the House, Uoathb! dVJL That their Address of Wednesday lull, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for the iffiiing, till further Provision can be made in Parliament for that Purpose, such Money as shall be found uecelTary for the Pay and C-loathing of the Militia for the Year 1759, according to the Rates mentioned in an Act, passed in the last Session of Par I lament, intituled, An Act for applying the Money granted by Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and CloHlhing for the Militia for the Year 1758; and for defraying the Expences incurred on account of the Militia in the Year 1757; and that this House will make good the same to his Majesty; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will givfe Directions as desired by the said Address.

lift of The House being informed, That Mr. Thompson, Merchant from the Office of Register General of trading Ships, attended at the Door;

He was called in *, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant. to their Orders,

A Book, intituled — " Lifts of the Names of every cc Ship in the Merchants Service, belonging to Great Britain, returned from any of his Majesty’s Plantations, or foreign Ports, to any Port of Great Britain, " from Christmas 1754 to Christmas 1757 And also, A Book, intituled — <c Lifts of the Names of every " Ship or Vessel, belonging to the Subjects of any fb-<c reign Prince or State, arrived in any Port of Great Britain, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 17^7." And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

Exportation A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of Corn, &c. the City of Bath, under their common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners are truly sensible of the great Benefits arising from the prohibiting the making of low Wines and 1 Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of

Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and representing several 1 ill Consequences which, the Petitioners apprehend, will

arise, in case the distilling from Wheat, and other Grain, is not prevented: And therefore praying the House to take the Premifes into their serious Consideration, and afford such Relief therein as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon IheTable, until the Bill be brought in pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon Wednesday Jaft, were reported from the I Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

to take into Consideration an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for coAtinuing several Laws for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat or other Grain, or from

Meal or Flour; and for several other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and which Resolutions were then agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectually Manning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships or Vessels in the Merchants Service: And that Mr. Hume, Mr. Alderman Bedford, the Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Bowes, and Mr. Cooke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Books this Day presented to the House, from the Office of the Register General of trading Ships, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom, and to consider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion of the most effectual Means for ascertainingand enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Carysfort, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Kyncjtan, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Qfwald, Mr. Martin, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bowes, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Stanley, Lord North, Mr. Pole, Mr. West, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hume, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Haldane, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Bayntun, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. HuJJey, Lord Bateman, Mr. Harris, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Medlycott, Lord Harry Pozvlett, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fone-re au, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Charles Tozvnf-hend of Yarmouth, Mr. Boone, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Felloives, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Proufe, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Chet-zjoynd, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Scott, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Pye, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Gq/hry, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Cohebrooke, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Middleton, Mr. Govt: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber 5 and they have Power to adjourn from time to time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit; and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, includingthofe in Germany, and on an Expedition under the Command of Major General Hopjon, for the Year 1759: And also, Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Gibraltar, for the Year 1759: And also, Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments and One Battalion of Foot on the Irish Establishment, serving in North America and Africa fov the Year 1759: And also, Estimate of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for the Year 1759. And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 28.

ESTIMATE

Manning

the Navy.

Lifts of Merchants Ships.

Committee on Weights and Measures.

Usual

Estimates.


328 i® Decembris. 1758.

EST1 MATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, including thofi* in Germany, and on an Expedition under the Command of Major General Hopfon, for the Year 1759.

Dragoons (

First Troop of Life Guards -Second Ditto -Ilorfe - First Troop of Grenadier Guards -Second Ditto -lloyal Regiment of Florfe Guards -

C First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second Ditto -Third Ditto -

Lieutenant General Hawley's Dragoons Lieutenant General Campbell's Earl of Albemarle's -Sir Robert Rich's -

Lieutenant General Cholmondeley s

Sir John Cope's....

Sir John Mor da u nth ' -

kEarl of Ancrurn's -

f First Regiment of Foot Guards Coldltream Regiment Ditto -Third Regiment Ditto -Major General Hoivard's Regiment Major General Duroure's -Lord George Bentinck's -Lieutenant General Wolfe's Lieutenant General Bocland's Major General Napier's -Lord George Beauclerck's -Major General Kingsley's -Lieutenant General Hujke's Major General Cornwallis's -Earl of Home's -Earl of Loudoun's -

Major General Holmes's -Major General Leighton's -Lord Charles Hay's -

Earl of Effingham's - -

Foot - \ Lord Robert Manners's -Lieutenant General Stuart's Colonel Hodgson's -

Colonel BrudeneWs -

Lord Charles Manners's -Major General Elliot's -

Colonel S/rode's....

Colonel Watson's -

Colonel Barrington's -

Colonel Armiger's - -

Colonel La Faujille's -Colonel Wolfe's -Colonel Lambton's -Colonel Colville's -Colonel Parjlow's -Colonel PetiloCs -Duke of Richmond's -Colonel Brown's -^Colonel Bofcawen's -

Colonel Parsons's Regiment -, , j 1 Lord Lindore's -

Invalids - / Q)lonel Parker's -

23 Independent Companies -

Garrisons, with Fire and Candle -Contingencies upon Account

181

181

r77

176

518

673

544

484

544

484

544

544

484

544

484

544

2>*93

i»472

M72

'*°34

I>°34

1.034

1.034

1.034

1.034 i,°34 I,°34 I,°34

I>°34

1.034

i,°34

1.034

1.034

1.034

1,°34

i,°34

1.034

1.034

1.034

1.034

1.034

1.034

1.034

1.034

I»°34

1.034

1 >°34

1.034

1.034

I>°34

1.034

1.034

I»°34

1.034

755 1,018 i,oi 8 I>219

War Office, December 1, 1758.

Total -

Barrington.

MBERS. Pay of the Troops and Reg'ments, for 365 D<ns.

£ d.

- 17,605 3 4

" 17,605 3 4

- 10,870 18 4

1 o»7-4 3 3 4

L233 35>234 13 4

- 30,475 *9 7

" 24,070 4 7

22,044 9 7

24,070 4 7

- 22,044 9 7

- 24,070 . 4 7

24,070 4 7

22,044 9 7

24,070 4 7

~ 22,044 9 7

00 1 00 LO 1 24,070 4 7

55,629 — 10

" 36,05518 4

36,11013 4

- 18,365 ir 8

* 18,365 11 8

" 18,365 11 8

18,565 11 §

18,365 11 8

" - 18,365 11 8

" 18,365 11 8

18,365 11 8

18,365 n 8

18,365 11 8

18,365 11 8

" 18,365 11 8

‘ 18,365 11 8

"* " 18,365 11 8

18,365 11 8

18,365 11 8

18,365 11 8

' 18,365 11 8

' 18,365 11 8

" 18,365 11 8

18,365 11 8

" 18,365 11 8

" 18,365 n 8

18,365 11 8

18,365 11 8

18,365 11 8

18,365 11 8

" 18,365 11 8

— 18,365 11 8

~ 18,365 11 8

18,365 11 8

18,365 11 8

" 18,365 11 8

- 18,365 n 8

" — 18,365 11 8

41,427 - —

" - I2,583 7 6

14,741 8 9

" 14,741 8 9

21,037 13 9

4,010

37,3oi 8 6

30,000 —

52,543 " - -

TOTAL.

I'- rf-

92,059 1 8

263,075 5

77°,59r — 1

63,103 18 9

67,301 8 6

1,256,130 15 2

ESTIMA.TE

3* G£o. H* i- Becek3

- - - . ’ I 4 ' . , y / i,

ESTI MATE of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces iii the Plantations and Gibraltar, for the Year 1759.

NtrjatERs*

Pay of the Itegiments, &c. for 365 Days.

2?i Battajioh of the Royal Regilnent of Foot -

Colonel AmhcrfVs ? - -: - - - '

Colonel Forbess i - - - -

Lord Blakency's - ! - -

Lieutenant General Otzoay's - - '

Colonel ttoJYs - ‘ " -

J-ord John Murray's -

Major General Kennedy's

Lieutenant General 'Murry's 1 - -

Colonel WatjKs -: - - - *?

Late Tjo I'dHdzce's - * ——

Royal American Regiment - -

Colonel Talbot's - j . -

Lieutenant Colonel Montgomery's Highland Battalion Xieufenant ColoneTT^rq/K'V Highland Battalion'- -Lieutenant Colonel DraperBattalion -Colonel Gage’s Light Infantry - -

Four Companies at New York

One Company at 'Bermudas -

One Company at the Island of Providence -

Three Companies'atSouth Carolina -

GarfifoUs at Annapolis Royal, Halifax, Placentia, and St. -Joknrs -! -

Officers fervin^ with the Forces in North America -Officers of theiHofpttal for the Forces in North America Contingencies upon Account - -

1,145

1,034

815

815

*>M5 815 2,291 -815 815 MSS

815

4>58i

1,148

1.601

1.601 !>035

567

-.445

58

15°

345

23,189

At- CAPE BRETON.

C(A<m&-Whitmore's Regiment Lieutenant General Bragg's -Major General Hof fan's -

Lieutenant General Warburton's -

Officers of the Garrison, SCc.: >

At GIBRALTAR.

Lieutenant General Guise's Regiment Lieutenant General Pudency's - -

Colonel Jeffefoys's t - . -

EarlofPanmure's - - t

Lord Robert Bertie's - " ’ -

Major General IV/litiiiore's Colonel Grey's

Sir David CuMiynghame'S - -

Officers of the Garrison, Sic. - . - > -

‘Provisions for a Regiment at Nova Scotia and Nettfound-land, deducting 4 d. per Diem, out of the Subfillence of each Nomcommission Officer and private Man, towards that Expence.

Remains to be borne by the Government Provisions for Two other Regiments at Nova Scotia -Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar Provisions for the Regiments at Cape Breton -Provisioils for the Garrison at Senegal -

ProviflOUs for the Independent Company tit Providence

Total -

M45

815

1,145

815

815

815

815

815

815

815

815

- v

4,250

£520

33,959

I-

*9>938*

18,365

*&235

*5,235'

210,1-93

*5,235 39,918

15,235

*5,235

20,868

*5*35

81,030

20,294

27.743

27.743 18,265

9,943 7, Mi 1,067 2,466

5,867

s. d. %' 6 11 8

14

i4*:fa» ii .6 14 2

16 8 14 *12' 14 2

17 6

14 2

— 10

— 10 4 .4 2 16 8 12 6 15 10

7

20.193 12 6

15,235 M 2

20.193 12 6

20.193 12 6

i5,235 M i5^235 M i5,235‘ M x5»235 M 15,399 T5,235 x5,235 x5»235

x9 x 4 x4 x 4

3.^43 ‘2 II

7,686 5 10

48,000 -

33.458 6 8

12,35s *5 .5 45s 5 —

TOTAL.

v '.nr

-u — :’.u jij >. 1 — iJu-. £ »

War Office, December 1, 1758.

; it.. - -j: U ' Barrington.

' r -.i -- -:r -V *.: - 1- * ' '

Vol. 28,

412,261 8 4

2,888 17 6

10,995 ia 6 4,881 17 6

2^000 —

75,816

: ^>63P

II

6

8

8

122J049 18 4 4.205 17 3

105,800 15 io

.«....

742,531 5 7

4 P

ESTIMATE

Decembris.

A. i

33^ 1

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Four Regiments and One Battalion of Foot on the Irish Establishment, Y fervingin North America and Africa, for the Year 1759.

—— 1 —: i , The British Establishment for Lieutenant General LafceUes's £ s- d- Numbers. C s. d.

Regiment of Foot, from the 45th December 1758, to! the 24th December 1759 . * Paid by Ireland for the said Regiment, for the same time j Difference - - , 20,193 12 6 8,694 7 6 11,499 5 — r

Major General Abercrombie'*, the same - - -Colonel Webb's, the same 1 r- ?. The British Establishment for Colonel Anjtruther*s Regiment of Foot for the fame? time j - - -Paid by Ireland for the said Regiment, for the said time Difference t - - , i , 15»2 35 14 2 11,799 6. 2 Wi45 81.5 n,499 5 — 11,499; 5 — 3,436 8 —

T ' J . The British Establishmept for the 2d Battalion of Lord Forbes's Regiment of Foot for the same time - - Paid by Ireland for the said Battalion for the same time j Difference -; - 12,1X1 l8 4 9,166, 7 7 694 r 2,945 10 9

j — - Total - 4 >944 49,879 *3 9

War Office, December 1, 175&.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for the Year 1759.

General and Staff Officers Officers of the Hospitals -

War Office, December 1, 1758.

Barrington.

Ordnance

Estimate.

Total

For 365 Days.

£ f- d.

45,062 8 4

7>4*i 13 4

52,484 1 8

Honington

Inclosure.

Ordered, That the said Efthnates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Earle prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnartce for the Year 1759 — Land Service.

And the Title of the said Eftiiriate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Note, This Estimate was afterwards withdrawn* in . order* to the'presenting of a perfect Estimate.

' !

Mr. Oswald presented to the House, according to O rder, a Bill for dividing and inclosing thfe open, Arable, Meadow, Pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Pjariih of Honington, in the County of Warwick r And the same was received; and read the First.time.

Resolved, That the1 Bill be rbad a Second time.

Importation The Order of the Day being read for the House to of Beef,&c. ref0]ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon m reland. the gjp to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and; Butter, from Ireland, ior a limited Time; ‘ j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-: ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole1 House, upon the said Bill.

; v*y The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday^Aom-ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.,

The other Order of the Day being read; ,

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ways whole House, to consider of Ways and Means Ipr and Mean* raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they hadcome to feveraiRefolutions; which they had directed to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mcyrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Le^ye to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesiay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways ana Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House being informed. That Mr. Caivne, Clerk to the Company of Mercers of London, attended at the Dotir; t

He was called in 5 and, at the Bar, presented to the Accounts House, a Paper, intituled, The Accounts of the Ward- mTc'J

Ez ’j ens Compiaj.

Ways and Means.

3 a Geo. II. i0 — — ^Decmbris. .331

« cns and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of " the City of London, from the 10th October 1757 to the 10th October 1758, directed to be laid before each " House of Parliament by aii Act, passed in the 2 ill Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, <c An A6fc for the Relief of the Annuitants of the AVard-« ens and Commonalty of the My fiery. of Mercers of 4< the City of London.

And then he withdrew.

And the 1‘itle of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of tins' Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

-i,. LwicCy die Decembristv

: Anno 32° Georgii Iidl Regis, 1758. 1;

Prayers

ORDERED, TUatMr.Cartwright, Mr. Baptjl&vejaf} Committee Goiver, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. More, Mr. So? on Wrights licitor General, Mr. Moore, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr; and Butler, General* Cornzcallis, Mr. Prolnpi, Sir John Phi- f lipps, Mr. Trift, Mi:. Geo. Onfloio, Mr. Townshend, be added to the Committee, whp, are appointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weighty and Meafmes in this Kingdom, and to eonlider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Observations thereupon, together witl* their Opinion of the moll eflfe&nal Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standard? of Weights and Measuresto be used for the future.

Sabbati, 2° die Decembris;

Anno 32® Georgii IP1 Regis, 1758. j

Prayers. j

MR. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the ivholeHouse, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followelh; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, upon Lands, Tenements, Herditaments, and personal Estates, and also the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound upon Offices and Pensions,beraised in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, within the Space of One Year from the 25th Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Sup ply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Thirty-first Year of his Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine, be farther continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which ilia.ll be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Safe, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine, to the 2 4th Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. West, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 28.

Ordered, That Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Butler, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and ln — *7 inclosing the common Fields, common Pafliires, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Parish 6f EBon, in the County of Northampton, is committed.

Mr.Charlton presented to the House, according^ to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by^ band Tax. Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the:Ser: vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine: And the same was received; and read the Firlltime.-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. '

Mr. Charlton presented to &e House, according' to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty Malt Duties, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry; for the Serviceof the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine: And the same was received; and read the Firfi time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Christopher Godring ton Esquire, now Codrington’s called Christopher Bethell, and his Heirs'Male, to take and ule the Surname and Arms of Bethell, pursuant to the Will of Slingsby Bethell Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William, Codrington, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Felbwcs,

Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Pvowfe, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Sandys.

Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Northey, Sir ChurlesKcmysTynle,

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Medlycott, Mr.

West, Mr. Butler, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Brudenell, Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fuller, Sir Cecil BJIiop, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Turner, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lockyer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Somerset, York, GLoucester, and Wilts; And they are to meet this afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order, madeupon the Second Day Committee of June last, in the last Session of Parliament, that the on Weights Boxes, containing the Slandards referred to in the Report ^sures. which had been made from the Committee appointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weights and Mea-furesin this Kingdom, and to consider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Obfen^ations thereupon,together with their Opinion of the most effectual Means for ascertainingand enforcing uniform andeertain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future; should be locked up by the Clerk of this House, and kept by him; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That One of the said Boxes, which contains a Troy Pound Weight, be now brought to the Table.

And the same was accordingly brought to the Table by the Clerk.

Ordered,

33*

4* — 5° De

A> 1758,

OrderedThat the said Troy Pound Weight, contained in the said Box, be referred to the Committee aj>-pointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom, and to consider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion of themost effectual Cleans for ascertaining and enforcingumform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future.

Exportation Sir John Philipps presented to the House, according of Corn, &c. to Order, a Bill to continue so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and St&reh; and also an Act, made in the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

> <» ! , \ , > \ ’ ' . Importation !; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-of Beef, &c. £oIve, itself into a;Committee of the whole House, upon from Ireland, the JBiU to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act jpa^eJn the Jaft Se^on.of Parliament, intituled, an Act to permit the Importation offalted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time;

: r Ordered, That itr be au Instruction to the said Com-

> / . *ittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or

Clauses, for amending the said Act, with respect to the Provrfion for saving to the Revenue the Duty laid upon Salt. , t

Ordered, That it be anlnftrugiioft to the said Committee, That they* have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the better Execution of the Provisions of the said Act.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Coventry took the Chair of the Corn^ mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Coventry reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow , Morning. 7 i

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 50 die Decembris;

Anno 320 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

Can* A PETITION offeveral Gentlemen, Traders, and ' 1V. Manufacturers, residing near Hollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and in Lymm, Thelwell, and other Places- in the County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the making of anavigable Channel from TYorjley Brook, near Worjley Mill, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Salford, and to or near Hollin Feny aforesaid will be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and other Inhabitants residing in or near the Towns and Places aforesaid, and will be attended with other useful and beneficial Consequences to the Public: And therefore pray ing, That a Bill may pass for making the said Channel in such manner as the House shall think proper;

Ditto. A Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, and Manufacturers, in the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners are informed, that the Duke of Bridgivater intends to petition this House for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable *7

him to make a navigable Cut or Channel from Worjley Brook, weiwWorsley Mill, in the said County of Lancaster, to the Town of Salford, and to or near a Place called Hollin Ferry, in the same County; and will undertake to deliver Coals, at the said Town of Salford, at a Rate or Price not exceeding Four Pence per Hundred; and alleging, that the making such Navigation, and delivering Coals at the Rate aforesaid, will be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants and Manufacturers of the said Town, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgezvater, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of these Petitions; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman DJckinJbnybAr. Thomm Howard, and all the Members who serve for the County of Lancaster, be added to the said Committee.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Supply Bill; Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service Land’ T*x. of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine was read a Second tirtie.t Resolved, That the Bill be committed. 1 Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. t

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of tile whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill forcontinuingand granting to his Majesty cer- Supply Bill; tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for Malt Duties, the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Billbe committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve . itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue so much of an Act made in the last Exportation Session of Parliament, as relates to the Exportation of of Corn, ic, Corn, Malt, Meal; Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also an Act, made in the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for prohibiting the making oflow Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Elour: was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

'l?e/&foctf, Thatth?sHouse will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Thomas Coventry, according to Order, reported Importation from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the of Bwl &c. Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act> made frora Irean in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, inattheClerk’s Table: Where the Report was read:

And the first Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was pollponed.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read aSecond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the pollponed Amendment was, upon the Qoef-tion put thereupon, with an Amendment thereunto, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

East

Coarham

Ihclosure.

Honington

Inclosure.

32 Geo. II. 50 — 6° Decem333

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of East Coalham in Cleveland, in the Coubty of York, and also of the Freeholders, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in the open and common Fields and Cattle Gates within, and Parcel of, the said Manor, was presented to the House, tmd read; letting forth. That there are within the said Manor four several Open and uninclosed common Fields, called or known by the Names of the East Field, Middle Field, West Field, and the Croft, and also other common Grounds called the Warren, Sea Batts, and Salt Grass, containing, in the'Whole, Eight hundred and Sixty Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners several Lands and Grounds within the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels; and the said Parcel of Ground, called the Salt Grass, by laying in common, and for want of properditching and fencing against the Sea, and ’otherwise, is frequently overflowed, and thereby rendered of little or no Value; and alleging, that it would be of great Advantage to the several Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, if the same were inclosed, and divided into just Allotments, to be fel out and appointed to and for the several Parties interfiled therein: And therefore praying, That this I ioufe will be pleased to give Leave to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said common Fields and Grounds, according to every Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Butler, and Mr. Roje Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosmgthe open, Arable, Meadow, Pasture, and waite Grounds, in the Parish of Honington, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That, the Pill be committed to Mr. Ofzvald, Mr. Martin, Sir CharlesMordaunt, Mr. Nugent, General Holmes, Mr. John Gore, Si;‘ John Turner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. West, M r. Fuller, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Hilda ne, Mr. Berkeley/, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Cocks, Nic. Prowse, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Charles Kernvs Ti/nte, Mr. Kuna (ton, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr Sandy*, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Ward, Mr. FeHowrs, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Char Pan, Mr. Tnzvnfhrnd, Mr. Wilkinjbn, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hume, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Rigby, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Medhjcott, Mr. Chehvynd, Mr. Ylderman Bedford, General Cornwallis, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Hamilton, Lord Ligomer, Mr. Earl; and all the Members who serve for the Count ;es of Warwick, Worcester, Gloucester, and Oxford: And they are*t > meet tins Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii,6® die Decettibris;

Anno 32° Georgii IId! Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

MR. Carlzoright reported from the Committee, to Erton whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the com- Ir,cloture, mon Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and wade Grounds, in the Parish of Eflon, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the v Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe-verallvput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Hume presented to the House, according to Manning Order, a Bill for the more effectually Manning of his the Navy. Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also, for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others^ belonging to Ships or Vessels in the Merchants Service: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Elliot, from the Commissioners for executing the Navy Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented Estimate. to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

The ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1759.

Mr. Elliot also, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Men protected by the Men Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High proreded Admiral of Great Britain, from Christmas 1753 to .,by.th.et Christmas 1 757, in Obedience to an Act of Parliament, of the 13th of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Increase of Mariners and Seamen to navigate Merchant Ships and other Ships or Vessels: And also.

An Account of the Number of Men and Boys protected by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, exclusive of those protected by Act of Parliament, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1757; setting forth the different Services for which such Persons were intended to be protested, and distinguishing the Number protested in each Year.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Accounts were read.

The said Estimate and Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract of the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Voj;. 28.

4Q ABSTRACT

Brixton Small Debts,

334 6° Decembris. 1758-

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1759-

N° 1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, $fc. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating ths»etQ -

£ s d-

2. Superannuated Sea Officers ----- 15,699 5 8

3. Pensions, and other Allowances ----- 4,450 2 11

4-

5

6

7*

8.

Yards.

9- J

f Chatham Deptford Woolwich A Portsmouth I Sheerness \ Plymouth

3,448 o 6 3,142 11 4

2,520 8 8

4,298 14 6

1,813 4 6

3^54 9 6

10. Muster-master and other Officers of the Out Ports -

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ——

12. Victuals to the Officers and Men serving the rein.

13. Charge of the Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Rigging

14. Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, Kc. -

15. Half Pay to Sea Officers -

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1759

£ * d-

36>553 4 I

20,149 8 7

*8,577 Q 0

4,960 6 n

25.295 8 7

12,2.36 12 6

26,242 0 0

74>477 0 0

20,000 0 0

238«4y* 9 3

To which may be added,

For defraying* the Expences of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, an additional Number of disabled Seamen, taken and to be taken into it, who are worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, there being now Fifteen hundred and Fifty Men maintained in the said Hospital 5 and also for a sufficient Number of Nurses, being the Widows of Officers and poor Seamen, and for carrying on the BuiMing and other Incidents of the said Hospital, for the Year 1759, Ten thousand Pounds -

10,000 o o

248,491 9 8

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1759, amounts to Two hundred Forty-eight thousand Four hundred Ninety-one Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence.

G. Cokhurne, Tho. Slade, W. Bately, Dan. Devert, RA Hall, R. OJborn, G. Adams.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Accounts do lie Reign of his present Majesty, and to intitle the Peti-upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the tinners to the Benefits and Advantages of the said Act,

House, and that, t he Petitioners may have such further and other

Relief 1 to the House shall feemmeet.

A Petition of divers Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Orde L That the said Petition be referred to the

Tradesmen, Artificers, and working People, dwelling Consider; tion of a Committee: And that they do exa-within the Eastern Division of the Hundred of Brixton, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with in the County of Surrey, waspresented to the House, and then* Opinion thereupon, to the House: read; setting forth, That many small Debts are daily And it is referred to Mr. Hammond, Mr. Gore, Mr.

contracted within the said Division; and alleging, that Hume, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. West, Mr. a! though the Persons contracting fuchDebts are very well Rigby, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Ryder, Sir John Crosse, Mr. able to pay the fame, yet they frequently refuse or neglect Prowse, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Egerton, lb to do, presuming on the great Discouragements and Mr. Ridley, Mr. Geo. Onslow. Mr. Martin, Mr. Cocks, Difficulties their Creditors nmft labour under, from the Mr. Howard, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Delaval, unavoidable Expences attending Suits at Law; and that Mr. Barrow, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Bou)es, Mr. Cooke, Mr. the Court of Requests constituted in pursuance of an Act, Newnham, M r. John Delaval, Mr. Medlycotf, Mr. Chet-passed in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, wynd, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bayntun, lor the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lyfttr, Mr. Kynaston, within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the fe- Mr. Olmins, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fane. Mr. vcral Parish£s of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Nezvington, Wilkes, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Butler, Sir Saint Manj Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ Church, Saint John Gordon, Mr. Pole, Sir William BeauchampProdor,

Mary at Ixnnbcth, and Saint Mary atRotherhith, in the Mr. Berkeley/, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Bacon, Sir County of Surrey, and the several PrecinftsandLiberties William Calvert, Mr. Alexander, Sir John Philipps, Mr. of the fame, has been of great Service to the several Townshend, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Willes, Mr.

Traders and Manufacturers living within the Jurisdiction Maxwell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Ellis, Mr. thereof; and was the same extended to take in the several Colebrooke, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Grofoenor; and all the Parillies of Strcatiiam, Clapham, Camberwell, and the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Kent,

Manor of llalcham,\\\ the Parish of Saint Paul Deptford, and Sussex; and they are to meet this Afternoon at within the county of 6Wr<^, being the remaining Part of Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have the Eastern Half of the Hundred of Brixton, the same Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, would be of great Ule and Benefit to Trade, and prevent great Expence attending Suits at Law: And there- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House S’ippiv Bill; fore praying, That Leave may be given.to bringina Bill to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Land Tax! to explain and amend the said Act of the 22d Year of the upon the Bill lor granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a

Laud

Ordnance

Estimate.

Salford

Canal.

32 Geo. II. 6° Decemb. 335

Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service Cut proposed to be made from a Place in the Township of the Year 17 .59, be now read: of Salford, to or near Worjlcy Mill, and a Wood called

And the said Order being read accordingly; Middle Wood, in the Manor of Worjley, and to or near a

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Place called Hollin Ferry, in the County of Law:alter:

mittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1757, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1759.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Notice being taken of an Omission in the Estimate of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1759 — Land Service, which was presented to the House upon Friday last;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Estimate, in order to the preparing a perfect Estimate.

Mr. Rigbxj reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridge-water; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, and Manufacturers, refidingnear Hollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and in Lymm, Thelwell, and other Places, in the County Palatine of Chester; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, and Manufacturers, in the Towns o{Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions,

An Act, made in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making navigable the River or Brook called Worjley Brook, from Worjley Mill, in the Township of Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River lrwell, in the said County, was read; whereby certain Persons therein named, their Heirs and Assigns, were appointed Undertakers of the said Navigation, and impowered to take Duties for Tonage for Coals, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and other Commodities conveyed thereon.

Mr. William Tomkinfon, being examined, said, That he knows Worjley Brook, and i’aw the same about a Fortnight since; and that no Part of it is made navigable, nor has any thing been done towards making such Navigation:

That the Duke of Bridgewater is Lord of the Manor of Worjley, and is Proprietor of several considerable Coal Mines within the said Manor, and is also Proprietor of Worjley Mill, and of a great Part of Worjley Brook, which is supplied with a considerable Quantity of Water from the Tunnel which drains his Grace’s Coal Mines:

That the said Mines are Seven Miles, or more, from Manchester and Salford, to which Places Coals are conveyed by Land Carriage at a considerable Expence:

That the Price of Coals at those Places is generally 5Jtf. per C. Weight, or more:

That the Inhabitants in Lymm, Thelwelly and other Places in the County of Chester, are supplied with Coals from Worjley, or other Mines in that Neighbourhood, at a very considerable Expence, the Distance being full Ten Miles, and the Roads in very bad Condition:

Then Mr. John Gilbert produced a Plan of a Canal or Vol. 28.

And the said Mr. Gilbert, being examined, said, That he attended at the levelling and measuring the Ground; and that he is of Opinion it is very practicable to make a Canal sufficient for the Navigation of Boats and Velfcis of considerable Burthens, whereby the Carriage of Goods will be greatly facilitated, and become less expensive; and that the same may be supplied with Water from the said Worjley Brook, and other Brooks communicating with, or adjacent to, such Canal, and also by the Water which will drain from Chatt Moss: That it is not proposed to take any Water from the River Incell:

That the Duke of Bridgezvater will be able to deliver Coals at Salford, and other Places, at 4 d. per Hundred Weight: That the said Canal will be a more advantageous Navigation than the Navigation which was intended to be made on Worjley Broo/c, because the Canal will be made without any Locks; and that thore irmft be several Locks on Worjley Brook to convey Vesselsdown to the River lrwell, the Fall of Water from the Tail of Worjley Mill to the Irxoell being Forty Feet at lead in the Distance of about Two Miles, and that Vessels may be navigated on the Canal with greater Ease and lei's Delay:

That the whole Extent of the Lands, through which the said Canal is proposed to be made, amounts to 26,991 Yards, and is the Property of Twenty-four Persons:

Yards.

That the Duke’s Proportion thereof is 8,811 The said Mr. Tomkinfon said, That the Proportion of such of the other Proprietors who havefigned their

Consent, is.....9*607

Those who consent, by saying the y

will not oppose it, is - - - 1,067

Those who have not returned any

Answer to the Application, is - 4,306 And the Proportion of Three Proprietors, who have refused to give their Consent, is ... 3,200

Making, in all - - - - 26,991 Yards.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal, from a certain Place in the Township of Salford, to or near Worjley Mill and Middlewood, in the Manor of Worjley, and to or near a Place called Hollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Rigby, Mr. CharlesTownjhend,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, and Mr. Eger ton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, for a Time to be li- importation mited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, of Beef, See. intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of salted from Ireland. Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for impowering the King, with the Advice of his Privy Council, during the Recess of Parliament, to stop the further Importation of the said Commodities:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time$ and to amepd the said A i.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Coventry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition

4

D’fWiati^n from Giain.

Admirnl

Bofra^n

thanked.

General

Am her ft thanked.

Admiral

Offcorn

thanked.

Supply.

335 6° — 7 0 DecembrA. 1758.

A Petition of the Malt Distillers of the City and Suburbs of London, \vh >fe Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the retl of the Paid Trade* throughout Great Britain, was pro fenced to the House, and read; alleging, That it having been deemed expedient to prohibit (he (Milling of Spirits from Wheat, Malt, and other Grain, to the a^th Day of December inliant, some of the Petitioners have intirely era fed the Distilling Business; whilst others, merely for t he fake of preferring their Ctiftomers (the Compound Distish rs), and of employing feme of their Servants, Horses, and Utensils, have submitted to carry on the Distillation of Spirits from Moloffes and Sugars under great Di fad vantages, in full Hope that the said Restraint would cease at the Expiration of the limited Time, or at lead when the Necessity, by which they conceived it to be occasioned, should be removed; and that it is with great Concern the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is brought iu for further continuing the said Prohibition, at a time when the Price of all manner of Grain, and particularly of Wheat and Barley, is considerably reduced, and, as the Petitioners humbly conceive; at a reasonable Medium; and reprefen ting the great Loss which, the Petitioners allege, themselves, and many Traders and Artificers dependent upon them, mull sustain, in case the said Bill be puffed into a Law: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Cousideration, and either to permit the Petitioners to carry on the Distillation from Wheat, Malt, and other Grain, in such Degree, and under such Restrictions, as shall be judged necessary and proper; or to grant them inch other Relief, in respect of their several Lodes and Incumbrances, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ref'bed, Nemine contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to the honourable Admiral BcJ--caiven, for the Services he has done to his King and Country in North America.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Major General Amherjt, for the Services he has done to his King and Country in North America; and that Mr. Speaker do signify the same to him.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Admiral OJhorn, for the Services lie has done to his King and Country in the Mediterranean-, and that Mr. Speaker do signify the same to him.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to hi*

Majesty.

The ot her Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, 'That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways ing next, rcfolvp itself into a Committee of the whole *n(i House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Iwns* raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Malt Duties, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine.

id then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jcvis, 70 die Decembris;

Anno 320 Georgii IId’ Regis, 1758.

v 1

Prayers.

TH F, House being-informed, That the Chamberlain Accounts of the City of London attended at the Door';' from me He was called in; and, at tire Bar, presented to the GMu.ber House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of 01 Lol;<l0^, Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, on the 5th Day of July 1758: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid in pursuance of the Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the PafiUge over and through London Bridge, from the 5th Day of December 1757, exclusive, to tire 5th Day of December 1758, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

, And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said- Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, including those in Germany and on an Expedition under the Command of Major General Hopfon, for the Year 17 59, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Gibraltar, for the Year 1759, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments and One Battalion of Foot on the Irish Establishment, serving in North America and Africa, for the Year 1759, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for the Year 1759, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to

receive the fame.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the com- E(^nn mon Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, Incloiuic. common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of E6lon, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: _And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and wade Grounds, in the Parish of Edton, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartzvright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the suppVTIill* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Land Tax. granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1759» was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr.

fin! nance Estimate.

32 Geo. II. 7 Decem

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their And the Title of the said Estimate was read. Order of Yesterday, The said Estimate is as fdlloweth $ viz.

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1759 — Land Service.

ESTIMATE of* the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1759.

LAND SERVICE.

£ S’ d.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses,

Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges - 39,561 id — Pay of Two additional Practitioner Engineers, pursuant

to his Majesty’s Warrant, 27 November 1758 r - 109 10 —

Pav of Engineers,} Gibraltar and North Britain - -

Civil Officers, f St. John's, Ferry land, Carboniere, Trinity Harbour, and and Artificers, f Placentia, in Newfoundland -at - - -,) Annapolis Royal r - -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 2,751 Officers and Men, including Two additional Companies, pursuant to his Majesty’s

Warrant, 29 March 1758 - -....

Establishment of the Academy at Woolwich, for the Instruction of the Artillery People -

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich - -

Pay of Lieutenant Colonel Robert Clerk, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant,

5 April 1758 ——

Pay of an Engineer sent to Jamaica, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order,

6 September 1758 ——

Pay of superannuated and di fabled Officers and Men, who have served well

in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, and on several Expeditions, with the Half-pay of Officers reduced -

EXTR AO RDIN ARIES.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, building and repairing Storehouses, and suppling Stores, at -

Gibraltar....

Annapolis Royal -

Placentia....

St. John's, Ferrylaud, Carboniere, and Trinity L Harbour, in Netvfoundland -Towards erecting a new Fort at Arderfeer Point near Inverness Towards carding on the Fortifications and repairing Barracks in Scotland Towards building and repairingSheerness and Gillingham - Fortifications at - - \Portsmouth and Gosport -

Towards completing the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel -Towards erecting Barracks and Batteries at North Shields and CliffordV Fort, for the better Security and Defence of the River Tyne Towards erecting a new Fort at the Mouth of the River Senegal, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 27 November 1758 -Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at New Fork -

Pay of Officers and Artificers attending the Detachment of Artillery on Service in East India, late under the Command of Colonel John Adler cron -

Pay of Officers and Artificers attending the Companies of Artillery on

Service in East India - -....

Pay of Engineers, Officers Corn mifiaries. Conductors, and Artificers, with the Trains of Artillery, attending his Majesty’s Forces at Louijbourg, and the several Places in North America - -

Pay of an Engineer, Officers, and Artificers, at Senegal, on the Coast of Africa, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 6 September 1758 Twelve Months Pay" of Engineers, Officers; Artificers, and Attendants, on the Expedition under the Command of Major General Hopfon, with the Hire of Transports, to 31 December 1759 - -

Twelve Months Pay of Officers, Artificers, and Attendants, also towards the Hire of Horses, Drivers, and Conductors, for the Train of Artillery in Germany, from 1 January to 31 December 1759 - -

Two hundred Tons of Salt petre - -

£ S'* d.

39,60 — — 1,649 10 —

2,048 11 3

i,359 12 6

75,278 4 2

1,000 -

867 5-

3^5-----

£- A

125,633 to

10,000 -

2,000 -

800 -

£,000 — -

10,000 -

1,500 -

500 -

3,000 -

2,500 — -

500 — —

4,000 -

511-----

803-----

M98 8 4

9,490-----

857 15 — 19>896 7 7

15,000 *-----

10,600 — —

95,1561011 £ 220,789 11 9

Vol. 28,

iK

EXCEEDINGS

33s

’ Decemlris.

4. i7S8-

t.

EXCEED INGS, , ,.

For sundry Sendees performed, pursuant to his Majesty’s Orders forvvh.eh

I t" ksfe

A Tram of Art. len rent to "g-J d Attendants, from

pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant,27 ^?iS '

A Train of Artillery sent to Ntiv York, to a"en^ l"s Majesty’s Forces in North America, under the Lom-xnand of Major General Abercrombie, with the Pay of Officers, Artificers, and Attendants, from 1 to 21 December 1758, and Contingencies of the said £.

Train,pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 27 November

Also fniall Arms, Ammunition, and Tents, for the Use of the Troops - *8>359

A Train of Artillery sent to Pensilvania to attend his Majesty’s Forces under the Command of Major General Forbes, with the Pay of Officers, Artificers, and Attendants, from 1 January to 31 December 1758, and Contingencies of the said Train, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 27 November 1758 - 8,175

Aifo small Arms and Tents for the Use of the Troops - 5,196

A Train of Artillery fitted oat and embarked under the-Command of the honourable Captain Keppel, with the Hire of a Transport, and Pay of Artificers and Attendants, to 31 December 1758, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 27 November 1758 Charge of Ordnance, Mortars, Powder, Shot, and other Stores, on the Expedition to Senegal, on the Coast of Africa, with an additional Proportion sent since the taking of Fort St. Leivis on that River, also the Pay of Officers and Artificers, from 12 January to 31 December 1758, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant 6 September 1758 The Charge of Materials sent towards building the Fort at Annamaboe, with Freight, also the Pay of an Engineer and Artificers, to 31 December 1758, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order 24 May, in Consequence of an Addreis of the Honourable the Hotife of Commons, 16 May 1757 Arms delivered to One Regiment of Dragoons, Two of Foot, the Augmentation to One Regiment, and to the Three Highland Regiments in North America, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants 23 November 1*757, 16 January, 27 June, 24 July, and 13 06lober 1758 -Tents delivered to Niue Regiments of Dragtoons, Thirty-four Battalions of Foot, and to complete, with what were issued last Year, Eight Battalions to the present Eablish ment, also for Two Detachments employed 011 Expeditions, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 21 December 1757, 2 January, 18 April, 8 and 24 July, i!8 September, 2 and9 October, 1758 . Pay of Lieutenant Colouel Robert Clerk, from 17 November' 1757, to 31 'December 1758, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 5 April 1758 Pay of superannuated and ditabled EngIneersafrom.i January to 31 December 1758, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 25 April 1758 The Charge of an Engineer and Civil Officers at the Settlement of Halifax in Nova Scotia, and Bills of Exchange paid for carrying on the current Service there, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant 10 December 1757 -Charge of railing and arming Two new Companies of Artillery, with the Pay of the fame, from 1 January to 31 December 1758, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 29 March 1758 - - 1

Light Brats Ordnance, Shot, and other Stores, sent for Defence of the Island 0 rjcvjey, pursuant.to his Majesty’s Order in Council, 16 December 17 q 7 Hire of Horses for (the Train of Artillery, attending his Majesty’s Forces vi Scotland, froxni January to 31 'December 1758, pursuant to his Majesty s Warrant, io Jufie 1755 - -

BuikliiiS a Barrack and Guard-house at Uie Entrance into the Tower of London, purluanlt to his Majesty’s Warrant, 2 May 17^8 -

~ w -....., ~ May

Ordnance and Stores sent for Defence of the new Lines at the following 1 laces, pnrtuunt to his Majesty’s Warrant , 27 November i7=g . vj~ S Plymouth Dock - ‘0

Porifea Lake Chatham Dock -

£ 3>243

1.95 8

3>3?i i'

7 8 9 —

*4 owards completing the Lines, and ere^incrnru^i.rt..:... < r> . "

Troops for Security and Defence of Portsmouth

ssw - 3- as*

Portsea Lake -

Plymouth - - . _ ~ - - £.12,952 14 6

" 10,512 10 6

£ * d-

39>27° 3 4

59,427 6 —

13.371 9 8 5>937 *9 6

7»3°7 J5 8

5,097 16 a.

€,388 16 —

8,340 11 —

410-----

332 — —

61117 6

6*455 2 to 1,481 11 7

821, 5 —

3*737 6 10 8*573 12 i

Chatham.

32 Geo. II.

7° Decembris.

Chatham - -

Entrenchment at Gosport -and Archliff Fort

3>737 "

2,787 2

1,769 8

A Train of Artillery sent to attend the Battalions of Foot in Germany, with the Hire and Charge of transporting Horses to Embden> atfo the Pay of Staff Officers, Artificers, and Attendants, to 31 December 1758, ptirfuant to his Majesty’s Order, 30 June 1758 - 29,083 1 9

The Charge of Pontoons and of Stores sent for Use of his Majesty’s Army in Germany, with the Pay of a Bridge-master, Pontoon-men, and Artificers, to 31 Decemltef 1758, pursuant to his Majesty’s Orders, 30 May and 11 September 1758, and also of Stores sent pursuant to Order, 8 September 1757 M92 13 8

A Train of Artillery fitted out on an Expedition under the Command of Major General Iiopfon, with the Hire of Transports, Pay of Officers, Artificers, and Attendants, from 1 October to 31 December 175S, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 27 November 1758

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to each of the Marching Regiments of Foot in Great Britain, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 23 May 1758 - -

Hire of Horses and Drivers for the Trains of Artillery attending the Battalions of Foot and Field Train in England, from 1 January to 31 December 1758, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 15 June 1758 -Pay of Officers, Artificers, and Attendants on the said Train, between 1 January and 31 December 1758 ATo Charge of Stores, Forage to Officers, and Incidents of the said Trains - - '

5*840

s. d.

— 11

1,346 17 8

455

Charge of the Battering and Field Train of Artillery that attended his Majesty’s Forces on the Expedition to the Coast of France, with the Hire of Transports and Horses, as also the Pay of Officers, Engineers, Artificers, and Attendants, from 14Apr.il to 31 October 1758, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 27 November 1758 -

Charles Frederick, W. R. Earle,

A. Wilkin fin, Chai Cocks.

339

£* s. 31,758 16 8

37*975 15 5 57*3*7 *9 4

4,215 2 II

7,641 19 4

I7»5I3 6 5

3*3,98 7 13 3

544>777 5 — -

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

tVrfons An Account of the Number of Persons protected by proved by tj)e principal Officers of his Majesty’s Ordnance, from of Srdn"^. U»'i/lmas . 753 to Christmas 1757.

And the I itleof the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by die Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply. Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom.it was referred to cor.fider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, i the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; 'which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed!, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including those in Germany, and on an Expedition under the Command of Major General Iiopfon, and Four thousand and Ten Invalids, amounting toFifty-two thou hind Five hundred Forty-three effective Men, Commission and Non-commifkon Officers included, be employed for the Service of the Year 1759.

Refill'd!, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One million Two hundred Fifty-six thousand One hundred Thirty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty for defray rug the Charge of the Fifty-two thoulaud Five hundred Forty-three effective Men for Guards and Gar-ritons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Gucmfoy, and Je/fiy, for the Year 1759.

Vol. 28.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Fifty-two thousand Four hundred Eighty-four Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence, he granted to his Majesty, for the Pay of the General, and General Staff Officers, and Officers of the '*

Hospitals, for his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year '

1759’

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Forty-two thousand Five hundred Thirty-one Pounds Five Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and GarrifohsinthePianta-tions and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, Providence,

Cape Breton, and Senegal, for the Year 1759,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty thousand Eight hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four Regiments and One Battalion of Foot on the Irish Establishment, serving iir North America and Africa, for the Year 1759.

The laid Resolutions, being feveredIv read a Second time, were, upon the Quest ion feve rally put thereupon, agreed to by. the House. . \

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Army; punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and* for the belter ^intiny Payment of the Army and their Quarters: A:^d that ])..cation, the Lord Barrington and Mr. Nugent do prepare^ apd bring in, the fame. /

The Order of the Day being read, forlhe House to Exportation resolve itself into aCqnirpitteoxffthe whale House. upon Cora» the Bill to continue.foiquch-of tin A&, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Exportation *of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Hi feu it. and Starch;

and

Supply Bill; Malt Duties,

Account of Grain, &c. imported.

Bath

Roads.

340 70 — 8° Decembris. A. 1758.

and also an Act, made in the 30th Year of his present Majesty s Reign, for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, I or the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1759, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1757 to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1759.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleafeto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° die Decembris;

Anno 320 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House pursuant their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Grain and Meal imported into England, from Michaelmas 1757 to Michaelmas 1758; distinguishing the several.Species, the Places from whence brought, and the Ports at which imported. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved among!! the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed for carrying into Execution the several Acts of Parliament for erecting Turnpikes, and for repairing the Roads round the City of Bath, and of several other Persons who are obliged to travel on the said Roads, or some of them, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That Doubts and Difficulties have arilen, whether the said Trustees are fuffieieritly impowered to divert and make a new Road from Bath towards Wells, by the Way of Tunky, so as to avoid the very ruinous, lteep, and almost inaccessible Hills, of Ilalloway, Dunkcrton, and Rodstoke, by which Means the Diflance of about Nineteen Miles and upwards will be reduced to about Seventeen Miles; and that there is a new Road front the Six Mile Stone, in the Parish of Comer ton, through Rmljloke, to the While Post in the Parish of Midfomer Norton, being a Difiance of about Four Miles, not included in ally Turnpike Act,

14

which the Petitioners are cfefirous shoul'd be repaired; and taking Notice, that there is a Proviso in the Act of the 30th Year of his present Majesty, which restrains the said Trustees from repairing any Parts of the Streets,

Lanes, or Highways, within the said City of Bath; artd further alleging, that the Petitioners are defirotis, that the said Act may be explained and amended, so as to repeal some part of the Reliraint; and that, by the said Act, the said Trustees are prohibited from borrowing any larger Sum than Twelve thousand Pounds, notwithstanding the Tolls wifi justify the borrowing a much larger Sum; and that a larger Sum may be wanting for carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Petition: And therefore praying the Iloule to give Leave for a Bill to be brought in, to explain and amend, and render more effectual, all the said Acts, and for Lcvsq to borrow such further Sum of Money as the House shall judge proper, and to grant such other Relief irr the Premises, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Proicfe, Lord LigorJcr,

Mr. An fan, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Secretary Pitt.Sir Charles Mordaunt Mr. Jtnyns, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wilkinjbn,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ward, Mr. Butler, Mr. Vipier, Mr.

Affleck, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fane, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr.

Hill. Lord Verney, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gore, Mr. Butler,

General Cornzcallis, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Thoroton, Sir John Crojje, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Wig ley, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Kent, Mr. Crafter, Mr.

Hume, Lord Malpas, Mr. Probyn, Lord Howe, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Howard, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Nexvnham, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fellozces,

Sir John Cust, Mr. Martin, Sir Armine Wodehouse; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, Wills, and Devon; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, for granting an Aid to his Majesty, Supply wn* by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Land Tax. Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in t)bedi- Admiral etice to their Commands of WedneJUay last, he had signified to Admiral OJborn their Thanks for the Serviees . \Q:c of he had done to his King and Country, in the Mediter- Thauks. ranean \ and that he had, this Morning, received from the Admiral the following Answer:

Sir,

I want Words to express my Sense of the Honour the House of Commons has been pleased to confer upon me, and only hope that you, Sir, will be as gracious to me, in representing my Gratitude to that august Allembly, as you have been in acquainting me with their favourable Acceptance of my Services. I have done no more than my Duty. 1 have only been the humble, tho* happy, Instrument of executing the wife Measures directed by his Majesty.

I have no Title, Sir, to any Glory, but what is common to me as a Seaman, and as an Englishmen zealous f«,r the Service <$f my Country, which is pleased to reward me with this Instance of their Approbation. From the Situation of my Health, Sir, I can flat ter myself with

bavin*

32 Geo. II. 8° — 90

havingbut few Opportunities of employing the Remainder of my Life in grateful Exertion of my Abilities for the Honour and Intereiiof my Country: Rut as the House of Commons is so gloriously watchful to encourage the greateli Merit by rewarding the lead, England can never want good Officers, and, however honoured I am by this Distinction, may my Services be the moll inconsiderable that shall be thus acknowledged. I am, with the greateli Respect,

Sir,

Dec. the 8th, Your most obedient and

1758. raoft humble Servant

Henry OJborn.

Supply Billt Mr. Charlloit, according to Order, reported from the

Malt Committee of the whole House, to whom the Hill for Duties, continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1759, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon ihe Question fed erally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And au Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrt) fifed.

Exportation The other Order of the Day being read, for the House

Corn, &. c. ref0jve itfeh into a Committee of the whole House, up-

on the Bill to continue so much of an AcLmadein the lull Session of Parliament, as relates to the ExportationofCorn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also an A&, made in the 30th Year of lr,s present Majeli v’s Reign, for prohibiting the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour;

The House was moved, That so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt, now lying in his Majestyvs Storehouses, and to allow the Bounty upon such Corn and Malt as was shipped and cleared for Ireland, on or before a limited Time; and to authorize the Transportation of Flour, Meal, Bread, and Biscuit, to the lllands of Guervfey and Jersey, for the life of the Inhabitants there, in lieu of the Wheat, Malt, or Barley, which may now, by Law, be transported to those Klands; as relates to the granting a Liberty of exporting, from the Port of Southampton, to the Klands of Jersey and Guenijey, certain Quantities of Flour, Meal, Bread, or Biscuit, for the only Use of the Inhabitants there, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or CIaufes,to allow the Transportation ofceifciinQuan titles of Meal, Flour, Bread, and Biscuit, to the Klands of Jersey and Guernsey, for the only Use of the Inhabitants there.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to prohibit the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Bran.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Voi,. 2?,

Decentbris. 341

The Lord Barrington presented to the Hotifc, accord- Army \ ing to Order, a Bill for punidiing Mutiny and Defer- lNil,riny tion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; and the fame was received.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Refolvcdy That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrotV Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati^ die Decembris;

Anno 32* Georgii Ild» Regis, 1758. t

PRA V E R S.

/I N ingrafted Bill for continuing and granting to his Supply Bill Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, Malt and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand ^ulltS* Seven hundred and Fifty-nine, was read the Third time.'

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title he. An Act for continuing amt granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, lor. the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine. ..

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to tho Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkyns, from Account of the Commissioners of the Custoins, attended at the

exported.

Door;

1 le was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direct ions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of all Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread,

Biscuit, and Starch, that have been exported to any Place whatsoever, from the 30th November 1757 to the 10th of October 1758, pursuant to the Acts of the 30th and 31st of his present Majesty; distinguishing the Countries where to exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, tobeperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Farmers and Growers of Corn, af. in the County of Norfolk^ whose Hand* are thereunto oi Corn, &c. fubibribed, on behalf of tliemfelyes and the rest of the Farmers in the said County, was presented to the House^ and read; setting forth, That the Farms, as w&l in tu*

Petitioners Occupation as moll others in thesaidCounty, chiefly confilt of arable Lands, from whence are produced much greater Quantities of Com, than ever are or can be consumed in the said County; and that there was, last Harveli, a great and plentiful Crop of all Sorts of Grain growing in the said County, the grealeft Part of which, by unfavourable Weather that happened, is rendered unfit for Sale at London, or other Markets, for home Consumption; and alleging, that there are large Quantities of Malt now in London, chiefly ari-sing from the Crop of Barley' growing in 1757, and that the Sale thereof is stagnated *, and that the Petitioners are informed, that the House hath ordered in a Bill to continue the Prohibiting of the Exportation of Corn for a further Time,which,should it pass into a Law,the Petitioners beg Leave to represent, wiU be extremely prejudicial to all, and ruin many of, the Petitioners and other Farmers of thesaidCounty; and that the Petitioners and other Farmers in the said County have offered their Corn to Sale at divers Ports and Markets in the said County; but that the Merchants there residing refuse to buv their said Com at any Price, alleging its untitness for London 4 S Markets,

Army; Mutiny and Desertion.

342 90 Decembrts. ' A. 1758.

Markets, and the greatQuantities oF Corn already there, and their not beingable to export the Fame, or to make any Malt for Exportation: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and not pafsany further Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, or give the Petitioners and other Growers of Corn such other Relief, as to the House shall feemmeet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also an Act, made in the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for prohibiting the Making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; was committed.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for . the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction. to the said Committer, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to provide for the Quartering of such of the American provincial Troops as may happen at any time 1 to be in Great Britain.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Majesty’> Command,

Eft i mate of the Charge of 38,000 Men, of the Troops Estimates of Hanover, Wolfenbuttel, Saxe Gotha, and Count of of Charges of Buckcburgg, from the 25th of December 175%, to the Xroo^ 24th of December 1759, both inclusive, being ,365

Days; and also.

Eft im ate of the Charge of the Troops offheLandgrave of IIef)e Caffe I, in the Pay of Great Britqin, purfunnt to Treaty, for 90 Days, from the 25th of December 1758, to the 24th of March 1759. both inclnfive.

And the Titles of the said Eft i mates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth $ viz.

E S T I M ATE of the Charge of 38,000 Men, of the Troops of Hanover, Wolftnbjtltel, Saxe Gotha, and

Count of Buckeburgh, from the 25th of December 1758, to the 24th of December 1759, both incluCve, being 365 Days.

HANOVERIANS. Numbers. ! j £ s. a. £ d-

General and Staff Officers - CAVALRY. One Troop of Horse Guards -One Troops of Horse Grenadiers -8 Regiments of Horse - - '91 185 2,872 - 4.204 3 i£ 2,50.5 5 U; 41,328 — 2h 9,102 3 0 j j

4 Regiments of Dragoons - INFANTRY. 2 Battalions of Foot Guards -21 Battalions of Foot 2,860 1,824 18,406 6,108 20,320 37,077 12 — '3.57' 5 1'i 141,033 16 10 { 85,115 — 51' 154,605 2 51

Artillery - For the Troops and Companies of Chasseurs, Hussars, L3*9 - 19/4 31 6 U

and Hunters - - - . 2,066 - 23,933 14 10*

Pay of the Officers and others belonging to the Ponfoons - - - 1,241 1 3

Payof the Officers and others belonging to the Hospital w - - 9>527 — 3t

Total of the Troops of Hanover - - - 29,823 - 302*955' 9 2i

Troops of IVolfenbuttel - - 6,092 50,018 3 — 6,71818 7 11,165 17 6

Troops of Saxe Gotha - - - 842

Troops of Buckeburgh - Extraordinary Allowance of f a Pound of Meat a Day " *>243

to each Soldier for Months - - 15,170 19

Total for - 38,000 " 386,029 7

An Allowance to Prince Ferdinand - - - 12,668 9 8

Total - - 38,000 , _ 398,697 17 2;J

War Office, December 9th 1758.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE

32 GeO. II. 90 — 11° Decembris. 343

E S TIM AT E of $hef Charge of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse CaJJcl, in the Pay of Great Britain^ pursuant to Treaty, for Ninety Days, from the 25th of December 1758^0 the 24th of March 1759, both inclusive; viz.

90 Days German Pay for 2,120 Cavalry, with General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the

Hospital - 16,464 — 6

90 Days German Pay for 9,900 Infantry, with the Officers, and others, belonging to the Train

of Artillery ..... 29,832 6 \\

90 Days ordinary Subsidy, at the Rate of 225,000 Crowns a Year ----- 13,349 14 ioj

War Office, December 9th 17 58.

Total - - - 59*646 1 8£

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 11° die Decembris\

Anno 320 Georgii IIdi Regi.% 1758. Prayers.

Westminster OT'HE House being informed, That Mr. Seddon, Bridge. from t|lfl Commissioners for building a Bridge cross

the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrye, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminjter Bridge, from the 6th Day of December 1757, to the 28th Day of November 17 58 inclusive; and also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Wefimmjler Bridge, from the lOthDay of October 1757, *° the ° t h Day o I October 1758.

- And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

; The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sefiiou.

Codrington's Sir William Codring ton reported from the Committee,

Name, to whom the Bill to enable Ckrijtopher Codrington Esquire, nov called Christopher Bet hell, and his Heirs Male, to take and life the Surname and Arms of Beth ell, p urfuan t to the W i 11 of Sli ngsby Bet hell Esq u ire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Kftiirate of Resolved, That an humble Address he presented to his

Building Majesty, i hat he will be graciously pleased to give Dr-Sfiip*. regions to the proper Officers, that there be laid before this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1759.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Supply* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimateof the Charge of the Office Vol. 28.

of Ordnance for the Year 1759, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 17 59,be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refiimed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into U Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Means* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Exportation Report from the Committee of the whole House, to of Corn, &c. whom the Bill to continue so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Export tation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also an Act, made in the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for prohibiting the Making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour 5 was committed;

Sir John Philipps accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Army-w hole House, upon the Bid for punishing Mutiny and Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Arjfny, Deferuon. and their Quarters.

My. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rgfiimed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

Anfner to Address for Estimate.

Brixton Small Debts.

344

men ts thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 12° die;

Anno 320 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758. Prayers.

THE Earl of Tlwmcmd reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Estimate therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

1758.

St. Mary Magdalen Ber)nondsey, Christ Church, St. Mary Lambeth, and St. Mary at Rotiierith, in the County of Surrey, and the several Preci lifts and Liberties of the fame; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act to the Parishes of Streatham, Clapham, and Camberwell, and the Manor of Hate ham, in the Parish of St. Paul Deptford, in the said County.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 22d Year of his present Majesty'’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Town and Borough o{Southwark, and the several Parishes of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, ChristChurch^St.Mary Lambeth, and St. Mary at Rather it It, in the County of Surrey, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the fame: and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act to the Parishes of Streatham, Clapham, and Cam-berzcell, and the Manor of Halcham, in the Parish of St. Paul Deptford, in the said County: And that Mr. Hammond, Mr. George Onslow, and Mr. Belchier, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1 r ° — 1 2Decembris.

Mr.Hammond reported from the Committee, to whom thn Petition of divers Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Artificers, and working People, dwelling within the Eallern Division of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Robert Henfhaw, being examined, said, That many small Debts arecontrafted within the Eastern Division of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey, by several Perfotis employed in the Weaving and other Manufactures.

Then Part of an Act, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of St. Saviour, St.Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ Church. St. Mary Lambeth, and St. Mary at Rotherith, in the County of Surrey, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the fame, was read; whereby it appeared, that certain Persons, therein named, were appointed Commissioners to hear and determine all such Matters of Debt as are therein mentioned, and were constituted a Court of Justice, by the Nameof the Court of Requestsfor the Town and Borough of SoutInvark, in the County of Surrey; and,

Mr.«Middlemarsh, being examined, said, That the said Court has been of great Service to the Traders and Manufacturers living within the Limits of the said Jurisdiction; and that, if the same was extended to the several Parishes of Streatham, Clapham, Camberwell, and the Manor of Hatcham, in the Parish of St. Paul Deptford, within the County of Surrey, it would be of great Utility and Benefit to Trade, and prevent great Expences attending Suits at Law.

Mr. William Scrivener and Mr. Merriton confirmed the above Evidence.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolutions.

Refulved, That it is the Opinion of this. Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the nd Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the moi:e easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of 'St* Savioury St. Mary at Newington, '5

A Petition of the Right Honourable William Earl of Bejborough in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Baron Pon-fonby, o t'Syfonby, in the Kingdom of Great Britain, and the humble Petition of Job Staunton Charlton Esquire, the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, and the Reverend George Staunton Brough, Rector of the Parish Church of Staunton, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, the Petitioners are Owners or Proprietors of all the Lands in the open arable.Fields, and Meadow Pasture Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Staunton, in the County of Nottingham, except Fifteen Acres or thereabouts, which belong to a Person whose Place of Residence is not known; and that the Petitioners are also in titled to a Right of Common upon the said Fields and Grounds, and upon the waste Grounds irr the said Manor and Parish; and that the said Job Staunton Charlton Esquire is Lord of the said Manor, and Patron of the said Rectory, and the said Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, and the said George Staunton Brough, in Right of his said Rectory, are intitled to all the Tythes upon the said Fields and Grounds; and alleging, that the Lands of the respective Proprietors, in the said Fields and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, are inconveniently situated, and at present not capable of any considerable Improvement; and that the Petitioners are deftrous, that the same may be divided and inclosed, in separate Allotments, to be made to the several Proprietors of the Lands and Tythes, in Proportion to their respective Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilkinson, and Mr. Molyneux do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of York, in the room of the Right Honourable Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, deceased.

Admiral Bofcawen being come to the House, Mr. Speaker acquainted him, That the House had, on the 6th Instant, unanimously resolved. That the Thanks of this House be given to him for the Services he has done to his King and Country in North America; and Mr. Speaker gave him the Thanks of the House accordingly* as followeth; viz.

Admiral Bofcawen

The House have unanimously resolved, That their Thanks should be given to you for the Services you have

done

Staunton

luclcfuie.

York j

Writ*:

Admiral

Bofcawen

thanked.


t


% % Geo.il* 12 ° Dsce345

done to your King and Country in S^orth America; and its is my Duty to convey their Thanks to you.

I with I could do it in a Manner suitable to the Occasion; and as they ought, to be given to vou now Handing in your Place, as a Member of this tioufe.

But were I able to enumerate and set forth, in the bell Manner, the great and extensive Advantages accruing to this Nation from the Conquest of Loitijbourg, with the Islands of Cape Breton and St. John, I could only exhibit a Repetition of what has already been, and is, the genuine and uniform Serife and Language of every Part of the Kingdom.

Their Joy too has been equal to their Sentiments upon this interesting Event; and in their Sentiments and Joy they have carried their Gratitude also to you. Sir, as a principallnltrumentin thefemost important Acquisitions,

You are now, therefore, receiving the Acknowledgements of the People, only in a more solemn Way — By the Voice, the general Voice, of their Represent.atives in Parliament — The most honourable Fame that any Man can arrive at in this or any other Country. 11 is on these Occasions a national Honour from a free People; ever cautioully to be conferred, in order to be the more fcfteemed — to be the greater Reward, and which ought to be reserved for the moil signal Services to the State, and the moil approved Merit in them; fuel) as this Househas usually, and very lately, made their Objects of public Thanks.

The Use, 1 am persuaded, you will make of this just Testimony, and high Reward of yonr Services and Merit, will be the preserving in your own Mind a hilling Impression of what the Commons of Great Britain are now tendering to you, and in a Conltaut Continuance of the Zeal and Ardour for the Glory of you, King and Country, which have made you to tleferve it.

In Obedience to the Commands of the House, I do, with great Pleasure to mvft If, give you the Thanks of the Mouse for the Services you iu.ve done to your King and Country in North America.

Upon which Admiral Bofcawen said:

Admiral Mr. Speaker!

Bofcawen'* I am happy in having been able to do my Duty; but Aaiwer. have not Words toexprefs my Sense of the distingu idling Reward that has been conferred upon me by this House; nor can I enough thank you. Sir, for the 'polite and elegant Manner in which you have been pleated to convey to me the Resolution of the House.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That what has been now said by Mr. Speaker, in giving the Thanks of this House to Admiral Bojcazven, together with Admiral Bof-careens Answer thereto,be printed in the Votes of this Day.

Supply. Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Conlmittee of the whole House, to whdm it was referred to conOder further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the Hoitfe; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Twenty thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service for the Year 1759.

Resolved, That it is the Opinioif of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceedingThree hundred and Twenty-three thousand Nine hundred Eighty-seven PoundsThir-teen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in 17.58.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Thirty-eight thousand Four hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty,

VojL. 28,

for the Ordinary of the Navy,- including the Half-pay to Sea Officers, for the Year 17 59.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

The said liefolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Qaeftion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of Sir Bryan Cooke Baronet, Lord of the Bentley Manor of Bentley with Arkfey, in the County of York, , wiih and Owner of the lledtory or Parsonage Impropriator of Arkfey, and of all the Tythes, both great and final], ncour* nr iff ng and renewing in Bentley and Arhfeit, and in the Parish of Arkfey> in the said County of York; and of -Beaumont Whitehead, Clerk, Vicar, or Curate, of the Parish Church 0{Arkfey aforesaid, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of ancient Mess cages and Cot- . tages, and ail'o of divers Farms, Lands, Grounds, and . Tenements, in Bentley and Arkfey, and in the Parish of x Arkfey, in the County of York, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That there are several Commons or waste Grounds lying in the said Parish, called or known by the several Names of Bentley Low Common, Rake Bank Common, Heffcroft and Warfnop -Hill Common, Wood Common, Almholm Carr, Bentlqj Moor, Tilts Hills, and Brushingholm, containing together 1,260 Acres or thereabouts, wherein the Free-I welders and Owners of the several Mcffiuages, Cottages,

Farms, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Parish, in Right of, and as appurtenant to, their several Messuages, Cottages, Farms, and Tenements, respectively, have, for Time immemorial, had and enjoyed a Right of Common for all their Cattle levant and couchant upon the same Premises; and that the Petitioners are deft-rous, that the said Commons and waste Grounds should be inclosed and divided; and that a specific Part thereof should he set out and allotted to each of the Petitioners iespectively; and also that iome Augmentation should be made to the Stipend or Income of the Vicar or Curate of the said Parish; and have entered into Articles to apply for an Actof Parliament for that Purpose: AigL therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for carrying the said Articles of Agreement into Execution, and for rendering the same more effectual, for the Purpose thereby intended, in such Maimer as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Bacon and the Lord Galzvay do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossied Bill to enable Chrifopher Codrington r

Esquire, now called Christopher Bet hell, and his Heirs tfa^0, DS Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Bethell, pursuant to t he Will of Slingsby Bethell Esquire, deccafcd, was read the Third time.

Rrfolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Actto enable Christopher Codrington Esquire, now called Christopher Bethell, and his Heirs Male, to take and life the Surname and Arms of Bethell, pursuant to' the Will of Slingfby Bethell Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir William Codrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossied Bill to continue so much of an Act, made Exportation in the iail Session of Parliament, as relates to the Ex- of Corn* &c. portation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also an Act, made in the 30th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for prohibiting the Making of Low Wines, and Spirits, from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; was read the Third time.

4T The

346 12° — 13

A. 1758.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 3. To leave out from " discontinue" to " Be it," in L. 7.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition.of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Account of Doctor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing eamen. t|)e Qjfice Lor(j pjjgfo Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant. to their Order,

/ An Account of the Number of Men and Boys pro-tebted by the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1757.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mutiny Bacon, according to Order, reported from the

and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Desertion. punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question l’e-verally put thereupon, wer^ agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 130 die Decembris;

Anno 320 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

Bridgwater. A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Roadi, . other Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Bridgewater, and of the County o fSomerset,whose N ames are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads leading from Cornwall, Devon/kire, and the more western Parts of the County of Somerset, through Br idgezvater,tow ardsBriJlol, Wells, Bath, and London, are, in many Parts, extremely rough and incommodious; and, in others,not only ruinous and dangerous to Travellers, but, in the Winter Sea-, ion, impassable for Wheel Carriages; and alleging, that the said Roads are, in many Parts, too narrow, and that

the Laws in being areinsufficient to put the said Roads in a Condition commodious or safe; and further setting forth, that the Road, beginning where the Turnpike Road, on the easternSide of Taunton, ends, near the Sign of the Green Dragon, in the Parish of Thurloxlon, in the said County of Somerset, and leading through the several Parishes of Thu rloxton, North Pet her ton, and B ridgezvater, in the said County, to the South Gate of the Town of Bridgewater aforesaid, and the Road, from the Eall Gate

of Bridgewater aforesaid, to Crandon Bridge/m the Paridi of Bawdrip, in the said County of Somerset, and from thence, through the several Parishes of Bate drip. Cofling* ton; Stawell, Chilton, Edington, Catcott, and Shapwick, in the said County of Yew?to Pipers Inn in the Parish of Aijhcott, in the same County, where it joins the Wells Turnpike Road, if completed, will open a convenient Communication through Bath, Wells, Bridgewater, and Taunton for near Two hundred Miles West from London;. and that the Road from Crandon Bridgeaforefa id, leading through the several Parishes of Puritan, Pazvlett, and Huntspill,in the said County of Somerset, to Ilighbridge, in the said Parish of Huntspill, and the Road from the East End of the Bridge of the said Town of Bridgewater, to Langpcrt Bridge, in the Way to Wefionzoyland, in the said County of Somerset, and the West Gate of the said Town of Bridgewater, through the several Parishes of Bridgewater9 Wambden, Cannington, Charlinch, Spax ton, Tiddington, Overflowey, and Nether ftoivey, in the said County of Somerset, to the Vicarage House at the East End of the Town of Stoweij, in the said County of Somerset, and the Road from the West Gateaforesaid, through the several Parishes of Bridgewater, Burleigh, Goalhurjt, and /v//??<9?r,to the Crofs Road from Broov\field<im\ Cruel-/////(which fallsinto the Road from Bridgewater to Barn-Jiaple, Biddeford, and Launcc/ion), near the Town of Enmore, in the said County of Somerset, and the Road leading from a Place called Three Crosses, in the Parish of Bridgewater, through the several Parishes of Bridge-water, Burleigh, Cannington, Goathurst, Charlinch,

Aijholt, and Spax ton, to the House or Inn, known by the Name of the Crown, in Spaxton, in the said County of Somerset, if amended and repaired, would occasion a midi more extensive and advantageous Communication through many Parts of the Country, not aecefli-ble in the present Condition of the said Roads without great Difficulty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, repairing, and amending, the said several Roads, with all such further and other Powers as may be necessary and proper for carrying the said Purposes into' Execution, in the belt and most effectual Manner; or to grant such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine* the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ihuii appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Lgmont, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Roje Fuller, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Butler, Sir Charles Kenn/s Tynfe, Mr. Alt {worth. Mr.

Lockyer, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Pye, Mr. Geo. Onslow,

Mr. Pitt, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. 01 mins,

Mr. Budgen, Mr. York, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Wilkinjbn,

Mr. More, General Whitmore, Mr. Kumtfton, Lord Verney, Mr. Tudzvay, Sir John Cust, Mr. Batch, Sir Nicholas Bailey, Mr. Foner e an, Sir John Turner, Mr.

Fane, Sir Francis Poole, iM r. Berkeley, Sir Richard Lloyd,

Mr. Gore, Sir John Hinde Colton, Mr. Alderman Baker,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Gajhry; and all the Members, who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Bevon, Cornwall, Gtoucester, Wilts, and Dorset: And they are to meet' this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this IIorire,nn Ac-. yo wling count of what Number of Children have been received Hofptal. into the ITospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, from the First Day of June 1736, inclusive, to the 9th Day of December 1758,inclusive; cliitinguishing the Years; and also, an Account of the Number of Children now living, and also of the Ages of all the Children received within that \ Period, at the Times of their Reception.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies received and paid on account of the

laid

Bonington

Indofuie.

31 Geo. II. 13 — 140 Detembris* 347

fa id Charity, since the Commencement thereof to th4 pr h Day of December 1758; together with the Balance then remaining.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Act-count of what Number of Children have been returned to their Barents, or other Persons, and at what Ages, from the 3 ill Day of December 1757, to the 9th Day of December 1758, by the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital.

Ordered, That there be Iqnd before this House an Act- ebuntof what wet and dry Nilrfes have beeti employed in the Care of the Children by the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital, from the 3 ill Day of December 17*37, to the pth Day of December 17^8.

Orde) ed Jl'hat the Governors and Guard ians of the said Ilospital do la v before this House, the Orders and Regulations eihtblished and now fubhlling for the Government and Management of the said Charity,

Navy, as it flood on the 30th Day of Septdmtkf 17581 be laid before this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine Of the Clock.

jovis, 14d dii fiecembris J

Anno 32* Georgii lldi Regis, 1758;

Pr AYERS.

ORDERED, That the proper Officer do lay before ^this House, an Account of the Income of the Fund for paying Annuities granted Anno 1757, with the Charge on the same Fund, and the Deficiency thereof, on the 1 ot h of October 175 8 «,

Account of Annuities/

A. 1757.

Mr. Oficald reported from the Committee, to whom A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edivdfds and the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open, arable, Mr. Mountagu: meadow, pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Mr. Speaker,

Having ton, in the County of Warwick, was committed, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, All Act Supply Bill $ That the Committee had examined the Allegations of for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be Land Tax, the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the raised in tTreat Britain, for the Service of the Year One

Panics concerned ha^J given their Content to the Bill,to thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine, without any the Satisfaction of the Committee; except John Timbrell Amendment: And also,

and William Brand ish, who, together, are potTefi’cd of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill j Four Yard Lands and One Half, and who, having been for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Du-applied to, objected to one of the Commissioners pro- ties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service posed to be named in the Bill, and for that Rea foil re- of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-fuftj 1 to sign their Consent; and that another Commis- nine, without any Amendment i And also,

fioner had been appointed by the Committee, in the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act importation room of the Person so objeCled to; and also except to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last of Beef &c* JVih'iam Hi ran, who is possessed of Four Yard Lands and Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the One Half,on Lease determinable upon his own Life; and Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ire-also except John Pozccl, who his possessedof Two Yard land, for a limited Time; and to amend the said Act 5 Lands and Seven Eighths,on Leafedelerminable upon without any Amendment: And also.

Two Lives; who, having been severally applied to re- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exportation fused to sign the Bill, but declared them (elves willing to to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the of Corn, Sec# fell t heir respective Interests in the said Lands, and have Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, accordingly fixed the Price thereof; which Price Mr. and Starch; and also to continue, for a farther Time,

Toxtnjhcnd, who is seised of the Reversion of the said the Prohibition of the Making of low Wines and Spirits Lands, has, by his Agent, declared himself willing to from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, give; and that the whole Grounds, intended to be in- or from Meal, or Flour; and to prohibit, for a limited cloli *d, consist of upwards of Thirty-nine Yard Lands; Time, the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to without any Amendment: Apdalfo,

opp< >fetheBilI; and that the Committeehad gonethrough The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act Efton the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Inclosure. which they had directed him to report to the House; PaftuFes, common Meadows, common Grounds, and andvhe read the Report in his Place; and afterwards wade Grounds, in the Parish of E6lon, in the County of delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Northampton, without any Amendment.

Clerics Table: Where the Amendments were once read And then the Messengers withdrew, throi ighout; and then a Second time, one by one;

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, Do6lor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing Estimate with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre-Hon e. fented to the House, pursuant to their Order, c t#

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be An Ellimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it ingi' jfl’ed. flood on 30th September 1758.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read*

0 rdered, That a State of the Debt of his Majestys The said Estimate is asfollowethj viz.

~VcL 2-3.

jNavy

1

348

14° Decembris.

A. 1758.

Navy Office, t An ESTIM ATE of the Debt of His Majesty V Navy, on the Heads hereafter l^thNovcmberij^S.l mentioned, as it flood on the 30th September 1758.

HEADS of the Naval l'Uimates.

Particulars.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports:

Due to pay off and discharge alt the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, Sic. supplied for the Service thereof -To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on naval Stores -

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores de Jivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, 8sc. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 30th September 1758 5 as also to several Bills of Exchange To His Majesty’s Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary - For HalfPay to SeaOfficers, accordingtoanEstablishment made by his late Majesty in Council, on that Behalf -

Seamen’s Wages:

Due to pay the Men, SCc. unpaid on Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea-pay on the aforesaid 30th September 17.58 To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course, for Slop Cloaths and Bedding for Seamen, Surgeon’s Neeeffaries, and Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men flain at Sea 9 STc.

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz*.

Due for Short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For Pyovisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out ou the aforesaid 30th September

1758.....- -

For Necossary-money, Extra-necessary-money, Bills of Exchange and Contingencies To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Wounded; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz1 Due for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and wounded Seamen set on Shore from his Majesty'sShips at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War and Contingencies relating to the said Office -

£ * . 718,210 12 6

ii,558 7 4

445,335 J4 8

358>35z 0 0 23,100 o o

237,393 16 65 2,081,194 0 0

58,192 12 6

15,282 I? 6 400,172 18 o

37,269 15 1

21,994 6 a

34,141 3 5

The Total amounts to the Sum of Four million Five hundred* Forty-three thousand Two hundred Seventy-four Pounds> Fourteen Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings - / From whence deducting the Money in the f

Treasurer’s Hands - - - j as on the other

As also the Money thatremained tocome j Side,

in of the Suppliesof the Year 17 58 - L


The Debt will then be Three million Five hundred Fifty-six^ thousand Six.hundred Twenty-three Pounds Seven Shillings > and Four Pence Farthing - - - -)

N. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports, between the id January 1758 and 30th September following -And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victuallings that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between the 1st January 1758 and 30th September following amounts to - -

191,696 18 1

794*954 9 2

355>°77 8 1

I4T,09I 12 I*

For which Sum of £. 496,169. 1. oj no Provisions have! been made by Parliament ;but if thought fit to be granted,] as the like Services were provided for in former Yertrs, -The nett Debt of the Navy will then be Three million Sixty thousand Four hundred Fifty-four Pounds Six Shillings and Four Pence -

TOTAL.

£ s-

1,556, G°6 14 6

2,3 76,780 9

508,861 o a.

101,026 10 11 \

4,543,274 H *, I

986,651 7; 3

3,556,623 7 4 4

496,169 1 of

3,060,454 6

G. Cokburne, 77 io.Slade, W. BatelyyDan. Devert, Rick* R- 0Mn> Adams.

Memorandum

I*

u>>

<5

o

t*

hi

CO

o

' tfl.

Memorandum: THERE was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treaftirers of the Navy, on the 30th September 1758, in Mouey as under mentioned; and v may be reckoned towards Satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

In what

TREASURER'S

In MONEY.

Hands.

Right honourable George Doding-Ion Esquire (id Treasurerlliip).

Right honourable Henry Legge Esquire.

In Money....

Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and wounded Seamen

In Money -

Ditto towards {he Debt for Sick and wounded Seamen

Right honourable George Grenville \ In Money.....- - -

Esquire (ill Treasurerlliip). - ( Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and wounded Seamen -

Right honourable George Doding-ton Esquire, (2d Treasurerlliip).

Right honourable George Grenville Esquire (2d Treasurerdiip).

fin Money - -

j Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and wounded Seamen

r In Money....

j Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and wounded Seamen

On the HE ADS of total.

Wear and Tear, Ordinal y, and Transports, Seamens Wages. Yiftuals.

£ £. s. d. 5.726 ‘6 31 6.726 2 2 4,2y7 18 8$ 9>722 11 3i 82,587 0 5’ d. i>787 i 5 38 0 41 1,588 19 2 55 15 5 3,728 15 5f l,0l6 I7 9 1,648 14 iof 1,066 3 4 45»722 3 9 io>273 T7 5 £. d. 34 18 2|| 1»524 4 5lj 1,590 0 2|| 233 14 6 12,327 2 10 j £ s- d-. 7,5.S 6 16 3, 0 9.S95 I *f £7 10,633 12 Ss r 12,671 4 0^ 150,910 4 51

109,060 8 io| 66,926 9 0 15,710 0 2 191,696 18 ij

There remained, on the 30th September 1758, to come in of the Supplies of the Year 1758, including Hajler and Hospitals

£ * d.

794.954 9 2"

-IV

\Q.

35°

Ordered, That the said Eft i mate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by’the Members of the House.

Foundling The House was moved. That the Order made Yester-

Hol^ital. (JaV) that an Account be laid before this I louse, of ail Monies received and, paid on account of the Ilospital lor the Maintenance and Education of exposedand deserted young Children, since the Commencement thereof, to the 9th Day of December 175$; together with the Balance then remaining; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

A MeflWge, by Mr. Quarme, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Royal Art* nr The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s

to Bills. Commission for declaring his Royal Assent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers: Where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to several public Bills, and One private Bill, therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness* the Duke of Cumberland., the Lord Archbishop of Can-

' terbury, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, and the.

Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal; and the Earl of Hallifax named also in the said Commission; did, by virtue of the said Commission, and also of his Majesty s Commission for holding this Parliament, accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine:

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mura, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine:

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and to amend the said Act:

An Act to continue for a further Time, the Prohibi-.tion of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, anil Starch; and also to continue for a further Time, the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit, for a limited Tune, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Paftnres, common Meadows,comtnonGrounds, and walte Grounds, in the Parish of Ecton, in the County of Northampton.

Foiling Ordered, That the Order made Yesterday, that an

HvipitaJ. Account be laid before this House of all Monies received and paid on account of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, since the Commencement thereof, to the 9U1 Day of December 1758: together with the Balance then remaining; be discharged.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,' of all Monies received and paid on account of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, from the 31st of Decern-"her 1757, to the 9th of December 1758.

1758.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the open, arable, meadow, pafttire, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Honing Ion, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inefofing the open, arable, meadow, pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of JJonington, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the IToufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vi tneris, 150 d;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That the Lord Barington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this pr^sent Parliament for the Borough o$ Lane after, in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Edward Mar ton, Esquire, deceased.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 38,000 Men of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttel, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Buckeburgh, from the 25th of December 1758, to the 24th of December 1759, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of* the Charge of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Caffcl in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty, for 90 Days, from the 25th of December 1758,10 the 24th of March 1759, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty and the LandgFave of Hesse Cassel, signed at Hanover, June 18, 17,55; and Translation; which were presented to the House upon the 28 th Day of November 1755, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Char lion reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising tlte Supply granted to his Majesty.

24 And

14° — 150 Decembris.

Hotiin ‘oti Inclosure.

Army;

Mutiny

and

Desertion.

Lancaster

Writ.

Supply.

Wayi and Mean*-

Bridgewater

Road*.

l

1


32 Geo. II.

15* — 18°

35i

And than the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunas, 18° die Decembris;

Anno 320 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Praters.

A PETITION of feve ral Freeholders, Land holders, jT\ and Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of Canning-ton, North-petherton, and Thurloxton, in the County of Somerset; and also offeveral other Gentlemen and Freeholders, inhabiting near the Town of Bridgewater, in the said County; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that an Application hath, or soon will be, made to this House, in order to obtain Leave for a Bill to be brought in for making, repairing, and widening, the fevered Roads therein mentioned: and alleging, that the Petitioners admit several of the said lloads are out of Repair; and that fiie Petitioners are not only very desirous to have them repaired esse.ftua 11 y, but also are willing to contribute in any Manner thereto, so that the Burthen be justly and equally laid upon such Parities as are to receive the chief Benefit thereof; that the several Roads leading from the South Gate of the said Town of Bridgewater, to the Green Dragon Inn in Thurloxtont through the said-Parishes of North-petherton and Thurloxton, have lately been very much repaired at the Expence of the said Pari (lies, by means of the Statute Labour and Rates made upon the said Parishes, the said Parish of North-per ton having, fmee the Year 1752, expended upwards of^o/. and the said Parish of Thurloxton (which is a very finall Parish) upwards of 100l. overarid above the Statute Labour of the said Parities, b}r means whereof the Roads are greatly amended; and that there will be no Occasion of laying out any greater Sums to complete the same in a Turnpike Manner; and that the Roads leading from Bridgewater, to Minehead, through Hie several Parities of Bridgewater, IVembden, Can-vingion, Charlinch, Paxton, Fidingfon, Over-fowey, and Nether-Jloivcip have likewise, within a few Years last past been much repaired, particular! vwithin the Parish o(Can-vington, where a great Part of the Road, by means of the Statute Labour, and Rat.es*collected upon the Inha-bi tan is oft lie said Parish, hall 1 been ropai red in aTn rn pike Manner; and that no large Sums will be wanted to complete the said Roads, in case the Statute Labour be duly performed within the said several Parishes; and that the Road from the lvift End of the Town of Bridgewater aforesaid, to Cm n don Bridge, in the Parish of Bawdrip, and from thence, leading through the several Parishes of Puritan, Pazvleit, and lhmifpilt, in the said County, to Jlighbridge, in the said Parish of Huntspill, if extended from the said Bridge called High Bridge, and carried on the great public Bristol Road, to the Piace were the Bristol Turnpike Road ends, would improve a Communication between the City of Bristol and the Towns of Bridgewater and Taunf on, and the Countryadjacent, and be of Advantage to the Public; and that the Road lead-, ing from the Well Gate of Bridgezvater aforesaid, to the Cross Road from Broomfield and Cruel-hill, near the Town of Enmoore. which falls into the Biddeford, Barnjtable, and Wivelifcombe. Roads, if expended as far as Buncombe Bottom, and thence to join the Taunton Turnpike Roads; and also the ancient public Road called the Ridgway Road leading from the said Town of North-petherton to Buncombe Bottom aforesaid, if included in the said Bill, will create a mtich more frequent and commodious Communication with many parts of that Country, and will be also the greatest Convenience and Advantage to the Public; and that the Tolls arising on each respective Road, should be applied only for the Benefit of such Roads, and not become a Security for any Money, but such as shall be borrowed for the Repairs of such ref-

E?ftive Roads: And therefore praying, That if such ill shall be brought in-, and pass into a Law, the said Vol. 28,

Roads may be extended a&d included as above mentioned, and the said Tolls be applied as aforesaid; or to make such other Provision in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Bridgewater, and of the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Budgen be added to the Gentlemen, Southwark who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to ex- Small Debts, plain and amend an Act, passed in the Z2d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, an Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, Christ Church, St. Mary, Lambeth, and St. Mary at Rolherhith, in the County of Surrey, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the fame; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act to the Parishes of Streatham, Clapham, and Camberwell, and the Manor of Hatcham, in the Parish of St. Paul, Deptford, in the said County.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Marine the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Forces. Shore: And that Mr. Elliot and Mr, Clevlanddo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Sheriffs, whose Names are Collefling of thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the Poll Fines, rest of the Sheriffs^ and of the Grantees of Post Fines under the Crown, of that Part of Great Britain called England, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having beeu informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’slnterest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; reciting the Manner of suing out Writs of Covenant for levying Fines in the Court of Common Pleas; and allege ing, that the Sheriffs of the several Counties of this Kingdom, and the Grantees under the Crown of Post Fines levied in the said Court, are put to great Trouble and Expence in collecting and getting in the fame, as the Fines levied in their respective Counties and Liberties are frequently of small Parcels of Land in very distant Parts’ of the Counties; so that it is difficult to find out thewery.

Lands whereof such Fines are levied; and that it frequently happens that Fines are levied of Reverfionarylnterefts only, in the Lands comprised in the said Fine, whereby such Sheriffs and Grantees gre utterly deprived of getting in and receiving the Post Fines due thereon, until such time as such Reverfionarylnterefts are come into Pofeffipn, which may be, and often is,a great Number of Years after the levying of such Fines; so that many of them are totally loft, as the only Manner to compel the Payment of such Post Fines is by distrainingon the Lands whereof such Fines are levied, which always is attended with great Trouble and Expence; and that, on a moderate Computation, the Chargeattending thecolleftingandgetting them in by Distress amounts to about Five Shillings in the Pound: and that in many Cafes it is a Burthen on the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands so distrained, as the Post Fine is, at all Times, a Charge 011 the Lands whereof such Fines are levied; and which Lands often go through many Hands before the Sheriffs or Grantees under the Crown can certa'inly know the Lands liable to, and charged with, such Post Fine; and that when the Post Fine is paid the Officer who receives the same is entitled to Four-pence for a Receipt in Discharge thereof; and that notwithstanding the great Trouble and Expence attending the collecting

and

45$ 18° — -i 90 D

ami getting in the fltid Post Firies, the respective Sheriffs are obliged every Year to account for, and pay into his Majesty’s Exchequer, all Sums of Money whatsoever set on them for the Pod Fine due to the Crown, for the Fines levied in their respective Counties during the Year of their Sheriffalty, whether they have received them or not, before they can obtain their Quietus: And that forstfmnch as the said Post Fines are well ascertained, the Petitioners conceive, that if an Officer was appointed to receive the same in or near one of the In ns of Court, before the Fine be palfed to the King'sSilverOffice, and the said Officer on receiving thereof to acknowledge the Money he so receives on the Back of the said Writ, and to have the said Fee of Four Pence, payable to the Sheriffs or their Bailiffs on their giving Acquittances for such Post Fines allowed him, and al so the furt her Fee of Six Pence in the Potnid, payable by the Sheriffs or Grantees of the Crown, for his Care and Trouble in receiving, accounting, and paying thereof to them, when the Extracts of such Fi nes are fen t in Process to them from the Exchequer as aforesaid, (which the Petitioners on their own Parts are very ready and delirousto pay, and humbly apprehend ever}7 Sheriff will be glad to comply with) and as by appointing such an Officer with such Allowance as aforesaid, no one of his Majesty's Subjects will be any way burthened, nor any Officer prejudiced by erecting such an Office, and the same will be no Chargeor Incumbrance on the Crown, nor any way alter the present Method of passing Fines (except the going to such Office therewith to pay the said Poll Fine) and the same wiil tend to the manifest Ease of the Petitioners, and all other Sheriffs and Grantees of Pod Fines under the Crown; therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the moreeafy coIleCling, accounting for, and paying of, Post Fines* that shall be due on levying of any Fines in his Majesty *s Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Commons, and other Hereditaments, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Grantees thereof under the Crown; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Ptemifes as to the House shall seem meet.

Cohering of Another Petition of the several Sheriffs, whose Names

Post Fir*. are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Sheriffs, and of the Grantees of the Post Fines under the Crown, of that Part of Great Britain called England, was also prefen ted to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations and Prayer as are contained in the preceding Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That Mr. James Parke do attend the said Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. William Mitchell do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Manning the Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectually Man-

Navy* ning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Dersertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others belonging to Ships or Vessels in the Merchants Service; be read a Second time upon Tuesday the 23d Day of January next.

Supply. ( Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refutations which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, not exceeding Three hundred Ninety-eight thousand Six hundred Ninety-seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of 38,000 Men of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttel, Saxe Gotha, and

Count of Buckeburgh; together with that of General and Staff Officers, actually employed again!! the common Enemy, in Concert with the King of Prussia, from the 25th of December 1758, to the 24th of December 1759, both inclusive, to be issued in Advance every Two Months, in like Manner as the Pay of the Heffian Forces now in the Service of Great Britain; the said Body of Troops to be mustered by an English Commissary, and the effective State thereof to be ascertained by the Signature of the Commander in Chief of the said Forces.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That aSum, not exceeding Fifty-nine thousand Six hundred Forty-six Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two thousand One hundred Twenty Horse, and Nine thousand Nine hundred Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hcje-Cnjli in the Pay of Great Britain, for Ninety Days, from the 25th of December 1758, to the 24th of March 1759, both inclusive; together until the Subsidy for the said Time; pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty upon Account, as a present Supply towards defraying the Charges of Forage,

Bread, Bread Waggons, Train of Artillery, and of Provisions, Wood, Straw, &c. and other extraordinary Expences and Contingencies of his Majesty's combined Army, under the Comrriand of Prince Ferduuind.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on 30th September 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Refutation; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wetbiefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, Thatth\s House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole aQ(i McaflS» House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mar tit* 19# die Decembris;

Anno 32® Georgii Hdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Julliott, Accoontof from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the ' House, pursuant to their Order,

An

L.

32 Geo. II. 190 Decembris.

An Account of the Income of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1757, with the Charge on the same Fund, SCc.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to he peril fed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Leave Ordered, That Mr. Gibbo?ts have Leave to go to

of Absence; Barbadoes, on account of the Indifposition of his Father, who is there, and very ill.

Bridgewater A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Roads. Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Bridgewater, and County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, that a Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the said Town and Borough, has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in Bill for making, repairing, and amending, certain Roads therein mentioned; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, if an Afcfc should pass, limiting the Amendment of the Roads named in the said Petition to the Extent only therein mentioned, the Benefit thereof would not be adequate to the Burthen which would be imposed thereby; and setting forth, That if the Road from the EastGate of the Town of Bridgewater aforesaid, to Cran-don Bridge, in the Parish of Bawdrip, leading through the several Parishes o f Purif on, Pa;vkt, and It tin ffpill, in the said County, to High Bridge, in the said Parish of JIuntfpilL was extended from the said Bridge called High Bridge, and carried on to Ware Bridge, in the Parish of Ware, in the said County, at or near which Place the Bristol Turnpike Road ends, it would improve a Communication between the City of Bristol, and the Towns Of Bridgewater and Taiuiton, and Country adjacent, and be of great Advantage to the Public; and that the Road leading from the West Gate of Bridgewater aforesaid, to the cross lload from Bromfield and Cruel-hill, which falls into the 'Biddrford and Barnstaple Road, near the

Town of Enmore, in the said County, if extended as far as Buncombe Bottom, and thence to join the Tauntoii Turnpike Road, will also create a much more frequent and commodious Communication with many Parts of that Country, and be of great Advantage to the Public?; and that if the Tolls, to be collect ed at each of the Turnpike Gates, be laid out and applied to the Repairs only of the Roads leading to and from fuCli Gates respectively, and the Tolls arising at such Gates be a Security only for the Money to be borrowed thereon, it will be the Means of preventingDisputes, and of better ascertaining the Monies to be laid out on the several Rqads: And therefore praying, That if such Turnpike should pass into a Law, the said Roads may be extended as above-mentioned, and the said Tblls be applied as aforesaid; or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Pre-mises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition, of the Gentlemen, Freeholders; and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Bridgeioaler, and of the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame,* as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to BentW Order, a Bill for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement, for inclosing and dividing n the Commons and wade Grounds in the Townships of Bentley and Arkfey, and Parish of Ark fey, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refulved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Dr. Hay, from the Commissioners for executing the Estimateof Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented Building to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, ups‘

An Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1759.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth, viz.

’; Vol. xB.

4X

i* i i .1 t~ '

D

cq‘

N

CD

Q.

CT

Ak ESTIMATE of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rc-buildings, and Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 17595

4 Honourable House of Commons, dated the 11th Inllant.

Navy-Cfflice, 18 th December 1758. Up

prepared in pursuanc© of an Order from the

Place where.

Deptford

Woolwich

Chatham

Portsmouth

Plymouth

v c;:

£>/ t «.

Gun*.

74

9®

74

9®

74

100

9°

100

64

54

74

70

74

74

64

Ships Names.

Hercules Superbe Dragon New Ship -Blenheim -Mars - -

Thunderer Triumph -Sandwich -New Ship -Bellona Vali ant New Ship -New Ship -Britannia -New Ship -New Ship -Hero - -

New Ship -New Ship -

New Ship -New Ship -New Ship -New Ship -

ABSTRACT: For the Hulls of the Ships Rigging and Stores

Nature of the Repair.

Time when to be

Taken in Hand.

In Hand In Hand In Hand

Building -Building -Building -To be built Building -Building -Building -Building -Building -Building -Building -Building -To be built To be built Building -Building -To be built Building -Building -To be built

In the MERCHANTS YARDS.

In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand

In Hand In Hand

In Hand In Hand

Completed.

Charge of their 'V

Hulls, Mails, and Yards. 1 Rigging and Stores.

Mar. next Mar. 1760 December 1)59

September 1760 Mar. next Mar. 1760 Uncertain May next Uncertain Uncertain Mar. 1760

Uncertain

Uncertain

Mar. next Uncertain

TOTAL.

4,65°

16.000 24,062

3.000

7.000

7.000

13.000

6.000

IO, OQO

6.000

9.000

13.000

3>5°°

3.000

10.000

8.000

2.000

6.000

9.000

2.000

5,000

6,940

5,633

7,010

6,257

Total -

- . 3°,84q - 22.7,052

S-

Viz. The Sum of Two hundred and Twenty-seven thousandand Fifty-two Pounds. G. Cockburne. Tho. Slade. Bately. Dan. Deaert.

Rich. Hall. W. Bateman. Tim? -£reW.

£ 9,650 1 C.oooo 31,002

3.000

7.000

12,633

13.000

6.000 17,010

6.000

9.000

13.000

3,5°°

3>oo»

10.000

8.000

2.000 12,257

9.000

2.000

- *) - - - 10,000 1 o', OOP

- f Proposed to be - 10,000 - 10,000

- ( built. 7,000 - 7,000

-,) " — 7,000 - 7,000

Total - - - - £. 196,212 30,840 227,052

if Decembris. A. 175&.

3iGeo. II. ip° — 20° . 355

Ordered, That the said Estimate. da lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Account of Dr. Hay, also from the Commissioners for executing Seamen, the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Accounts of the Number of u Men and Boys prote6ted by the principal Officers and " Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, from C/irijlmas " *753 to Chr-ijliruts 1757, letting forth the different " Services for which such P^rfons were intended to be " protected, distinguishing the Numberprote&edforShips " outward-bound on dillant Voyages or foreign Voyages,

" froth those.for Ships or Vessels makingffiort Voyages,

" or using the Coasting Trade; distinguishing likewise " those granted to Boatmen, Bargemen,or others, work-c fog on the Water in fmgll Crsfft, together with those " granted to private Ship \yrights, Bpat-puilders, Riggers,

" or others, for the Prote&iop of Artificers, Seamen,

" Labourers, or others, employed by them, as also those " granted to the Artificers, Labourers pr ptfiprs, worjc-u ing for his Majesty’s Service, in and’ about his Majesty’s I)oeJc Yards j. with the Total Number of Per-u Ions protected in each Year.*

And the Title of the said Paper wag read.

Ordered, That the said Paper dp lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said P^per is prpferyed afnongst the other Papers Qf this Session.

Supply. Mr., Charlton, according to Order, Reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, j the Refolfotion which the Committee had directed him

I to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and

I afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table-.'Where

i the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million, be granted to his Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. f '

The other Order of the Day being read; ,

Collecting The House resolved itself into a Comnnt'tee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the several rottFines. 5^0^ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Sheriffs, and of the Grantees of Poll Fines under the Grown, of that Part Of Great Britain called England; and also of the Petition of the several Sheriffs, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Sheriffs, and of the Grantees of the Poll Fines under j the Crown, of that Part of Great Britain called England.

I Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. f Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That

they had examined several Persons upon the'Matter referred to them, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when fbeHbufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

f Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20° die Decembris j

present Majesty’s Reign, for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carlisle to the Town of KeuicajUc upon Tyne, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act,

A Book, intituled, 1758, " Copies of all the Orders " and Acts of the Commissioners arid Trustees; and also " the Account of the Receipts and Dislburfements of, . " George Blamire, Gentleman, Treasurer, to and for the ct said Commissioners and Trustees, nominated and appointed for putting in Execution an A&,passed in the . " Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Ma^ c< jesty, intituled, An Act for laying out, making, and " keeping in Refpair, a Road proper for the Paflkge bf " Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carlisle to cc the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, so far as the same " relates to or concerns that Part of the said Road " which lies in the County of Cumberland."

And then he withdrew.

Apd the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by thb Members of the House.

The said Book is preferred amohgft the other Papers of this Seffioq. '

The House being informed that Mr. Colling wood, Secretary to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed apd deserted young Children, attended at the Door; ’ >

He was* called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders; "; f' 14

An Account of what Number of Children have been received fpto the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, frofo the lft Day of June 1756, inclusive, to the 9th Day of December f 75?» inclusive, dist the Years'; and also an Account of the Number of Children now living; and also the Ages of all the Children receive^ within that Period,* at the Times of their Reception*: And also,

An Account of what Number of Children have been returned to their Parents, or other Persons, and at what Ages, from the 31st Day of December 1757, to the 9til Day of December 17 5$,by the Governors arid Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance an(* Education of exposed and deserted young Children: And also.

An Account of what Wet and Dry Nurses have been employed in the Care of the Children, by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for* the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted voungChildren, frqm the 31st of December 1.757, to the gth Day of December 1758: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Orders and Regulations " established, and now fiibfifting, for the Government " and Management of the Hospital for the Maintenance "'and Education of exposed and deserted yourig Children i" And also,

An Account of all the Monies received and paid on account of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted yoyug Children, from the'3 (ft Day of Decepiber 1757, to the 9th' Day Qf December 1758. ‘ v *rT ‘

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the'laid Accounts and Paper were read. * ’

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

he said Accounts and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Foundling

HospitaT.-

ii Anno 32* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1758.

Prayers.

Oarlifle HP H E House being informed, Th^t Mr. Biggey from ^«d. ,v A the Commissioners and Trustees,appointed for put-ijiDg in Execution an Act,paflj^d_in the 24th Year of his VOL.

Mr. Charlton, according; to Order, reported from the Collecting Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred cf 8 to consider of the Petition of the several Sheriffs, whose Post Fines. Names'are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Sheriffs, and of the Grantees of Post Eines under, the Crown, of that Part of Great Britain

called

Or. Rofc to preach ‘ on 3orh Jan

Expiring La w*.

Harwich

Writ.

Shoreham

Writ.

Latmcefton

Writ.

Supply.

3S6 2 o*Decembris16°Januarii. 1759.

called England', land also the Petition of the several Refolved\ That this House will, upon this Day Month, Wav*

Sheriffs, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in be- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean* half of them selves and the rest of the Sheriffs, and of the consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Grantees of the Foil Fines under the Crown, of that Part . Supply granted to his Majesty. oi Great Britain culled England; the Iiefolutions which

the Committee had directed him to report to the House; And then the House adjourned till Twfday Three

which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in Weeks, the i6lh Day of January next. Nine

at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same were read; and of the Clock in the Morning,

are as fulloweth; viz.-;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Method now nfed of collecting Post Fines, is attended with unnecossary Trouble and Expence, and often with great Loss to the several Sheriffs, whose Duty itris at.presentto collet them.

iRefoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a more speedy Payment of Poll Fines would be a great Relief to the several Sheriffs, and would not be any Inconvenience or Loss to the Revenue arising therefrom, or to the Grantees thereof.

The said Refolntions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon iheQuestioti severally put thereupon,' agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That'Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton, Sir Richard Loyd, and Mr. Butler, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Martis., 16° die januarii;

Anno 320 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Caspar Schomhart, John Spitta, kchomWi Gilbert Van Vooift, Fverierick dcCheerigny, Conrad -c‘

Hark fen, Christopher Si rath off, and Jasper Lawrence Richter, was presented to the House and read; pray ing.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkes, and Colonel Honey weed, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Nat.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor John Ross be delircd to preach before this House, at Saint Mu caret's, Westminster, upon Titefday, the 30th Day of January next: And that Sir Richard Loyd and Mr. George Onslow do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire, what Laws, are expired, or near expiring, and to report, their Opinion to the House, which of them are lit to be revived or continued:

And a Committee, was appointed of Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Cust, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gqfhry, Mr. Bacon, Captain Ilqrvey, Mr. 'Hume, Mr. Wilkinson> Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Plumtre, Mr. Geo.^ Qnjlqw, Mr. Sandy s, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Fane, Admiral Bofcaxven, Mr. More, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr.llaldane, Mr. Colleton, JAy.Affleck, Mr. Wittes, Mr. (rajkri/, Mr! West, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. West-fating. Sir William Irby, Mr. Del aval. Sir John Wynne, General Cornwallis, Sir John Croffc, Sir Francis Poole,} and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and all the Merchant; of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon,- at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s. Chamber.

Mr. Molyneux presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fields, and Meadows, common Pa (hi re, and waite Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Staunton, in the County Nottingham: And the same w as received; and real the First time.

Resolved, That the Bid be read a Second time.

A Petition of Peter Burrell Liqidre, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Thai at the lait Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Dunheved othervvifoLauncefton, in the County of Corn- ’ wall, Sir John St. Aubyn Baronet, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned \ but that JoJliua Thomas, the Mayor of the said Borough, w ho acted as returning Officer at the said Election, behaved in a very partial and arbitrary Manner in favour of the said Sir John Si. Aabyn, and refused ordrfallowed several Votes which wve intended fortlie Petitioner; and that many other undue, unwarrantable* and illegal Practices were marie ule of in relation to the said Election, by the said Returning OTicer, and others, as well before as at the Time of taking the said Poll; and the said Sir John St. Aubyn is returned to serve in

Staunton

lndofure.

Launcdson

Election.


Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elect- Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take ing QfaBui;gefs to serve in this present Parliament fortlie l|ie Premises into Considerat ion, and grant the Peti-Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, in the room tip tier such Relief as to the House ilia.ll seem meet, of the Right honourable William Earl of'Bejborough, An t Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be

the Kingdom of Ireland, Baron Ponsonby, of Syfonby, in heard at the Bar of this House: the County of Leicester, called up to the House of Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be peers., . beatyl at the Bar of this House, upon Wednesday the 21ft

’ V‘ , Hay of February next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the'Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for . A Message from the Lords by Mr. Spicer, apd Mr. the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- Edwards: I

ment for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County Mr. Speaker, . , 1

of Suffix, in the room of Richard Slralton Esquire, The Loi(Is have agreed to the IFdl, intituled, An Act CoJrin^i cteceased.' , . / ' to enable Christobhcr Codringfon Esquire, now called

‘, Christopher, Be.tliell, and his Heirs Male, to take and ule

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Surname and Arms of Bethell, pursuant to the Will the Clerk of the Crown, to'make out anew Vmt for the of-Slingfjy Bethdl Esquire, dc coaled; without any piefling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament Amendment. '

for the Borough of Dunhcved alias Launctfton, in the And then the Mcfleogers withdrew.

County of Cornwall, in the room of the Right honourable Sir George Lee Knight, deceased. Mr. Hqvimqnd presented to the House according to

; ' Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the SoaallDcS

I he. other Orders, of the! Day being read; 1 22c! Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An

Rffolved, That this House, will upon this Day Month, Act' for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Trnali resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and aconliuer. further of the Supply ^rauteil^oliis Majesty.f 4he: Several-PaKfheis bf Saints Saviour, Saint Mat#* j x4 Newington,

Half Pay till, &c.

Seombart

&c.

Nat.

Somcrfliam

and

Pidley

Drainage.

2 Geo. il. 1^ -17'

Newington, Saint Man/ Magdalen Bemiondsey, Christ Church, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Ro-therhith, in the County of Surrey, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the same; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act, to the Parities of Slreatham, Clapharn, and Camberwell; and the Manor of Hatcham, in the Parish of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the said County: Aiid the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant. to their Address to his Majesty,

A Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1759.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced; and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1759: And also,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year

x 759-

And the Titlesof the said Lifts and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The salt! Lifts and Estimate are preserved amongst the other Papers of thisSession.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1y°;

Anno 32° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

MR. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Naturalizing Caspar Seombart, John Spilta, Gif part Van Voorjl, Frederick de Chevigny, Conrad Harkfen, Christopher Strothojf, and Jasper Lazo-rence Richter: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Sutton, Me pal, Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and By at Fen, in the Ifieof Ely, and County of Cambridge, and in the Parishes of Somersham, and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon; and also of several Persons in Behalf of themselves and others, being Owners of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the said Parishes of Somersham, and Pidley with Fenton, and the Parish of Colne, in the County of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That several Fen Lands and Low Grounds, containing Fourteen hundred Acres, or thereabouts, lying in the said Parishes of Somersham, Pidley with Fenton, and Colne, in the County of Huntingdon; and adjoining or lying contiguous to the Lands dt lcribed in the said Act, are subject to be overflowed, and are thereby rendered of fniali Value, an<l cannot be effectually drained and preserved without the Aid of Parliament j and alleging, That the said Lands and (bounds may l*e, conveniently and properly drained and preserved, if the Powers and Provisions, contained in the said Act, were extended to the said Lands and Grounds, with such Additions and Alterations as shall VoL. 2$.

Januarii. 357

be deemed necessarjr and proper: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds, by the Means aforesaid, or in such other Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Felt owes, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Medlycott, Sir John Cujt,

Mr. Probyn, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Gafhry, Mr.

PUmpire, Lord Vernex), Mr. Prowse, Col. Douglas,

Mr. Pitt, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Tozvnfhend, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Finch,

Admiral Bqfcazven, Mr. Fane, Mv. George Onslow, Kir.

Morton, Dr. Hay, Mr. Martin, Sir Charles Kemys Tynie, Mr. Sandys, Sir Wm. Peer Williams, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Huffey, Lord Robert Bei'lie,

Mr. Thoroton, Lord North, Mr. Smith, Lord Egmont,

Sir George Savile; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Norfolk, Suffolk, Bedford, Northampton, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Notice being taken, That the Account which was Accounts of presented to the House, upon the 6th Day of December Seamen, last; and also the Paper, which was presented to the House upon the 19th Day of Z)^cew^rlaft,pursuant to an Order of the House, of the 27U1 Day of Novembev last,

" That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this " House, Accounts of the Number of Men and Boys,

" protected by the Commissioners for executing the " Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, by the " principal Officers of his Majesty’s Ordnance, by the " principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty’s " Navy, and by the Commissioners for . Victualling his Majesty’s Navy, exclusive of those protected pursuant <c to Act of Parliament,from Chrijhnas 1753 to Chdftmas " 1757; setting forlh the different Services for which " such Persons were intended to be protected, and what " Number of them have been forcibly prefied into the " Service of his Majesty’s Navy, notwithstanding their " being so protected, diitinguishing the Number protecled for Ships outward bound, on distant Voyages " to his Majesty’s Plantations, or foreign Countries, tc from those for Ships or Vessels making ffiort Voyages,

" or using the Coaliing Trade; distinguishing likewise " those granted to the Magistrates of Corporations for " the Use of Members thereof 5 as also those granted " for Fifliermen, Boatmen, Bargemen, cr others, working on the Water in final I Craft; together with those " granted to private Ship-builders, Boat-builders, Riggers, or others, for the Protection of Artificers, Seamen, Labourers, or others employed by them; as " also those granted to the Artificers, Labourers, or " others working for his Majesty’s Service, in and about " his Majesty’s Dock Yards; and summing up the <c total Number of Persons protected in each Y'ear;" are defective with respect to the Number of Men forcibly pressed into the Service of his Majesty’s Navy, notwithstanding their being so protected.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper be withdrawn, in order to the presenting of complete Returns to the said Order of the House, of the 27th Day of November last.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy Navy, as it flood on the 31st December last, belaid be- Debt, fore this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ac- Account of count of the Charge for Transport Service for t lie Year Tran {port 1758, including the Expence of Victualling his Ma- ^ervlcc* jesty’s Land Forces within the said Year.

4 Y Ordered

358 17° — 18'

Account of Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an

Seamen. Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31 ft of December 1757, to the 31st of December 1758, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service.

Dr. Green Ordered, That the Reverend Do A or Green, Dean of

f onThe 1 the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, be deft red to preach Fast Day. before this House, upon Friday the 16th Day of February next, being the Day appointed by his Majesty’s Royal Proclamation, for a General Fall: Aud that the Lord Royfton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Edward Finch, and Mr. Thomas Toionjhend senior, do acquaint him therewith.

Accounts of Doctor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing eamen. the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre-fen ted to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Men taken into the Service of his Majesty’s Navy, to serve as able or ordinary Seamen, or as I^andmcn, exclusive of Marines, from Christmas 1754 to Chrflimas 1757, distinguishing how many of such Men were Volunteers, and how many of them were pressed: As also,

An Account of the Number of those who have deserted, and of those who have been discharged; together with an Account of the Number of such Men as have died, whether on board of Ship, or in the Hospitals, or , Sick Quarters, or in other Places; distinguishing the

Number of those who have been Haiti, or hayedied of Wounds received in Combat against the Enemy; and of those who have been drowned within the said Time; distinguishing.each Year: And also,

An Account of all the Expences which have been occasioned by pressing Men for the Service of his Majesty’s Navy, from Chrijhnas 1754 to Christmas 1757; Petting forth, as near as can be, the Numbers of Men belonging to the Navy, employed at a Medium on this Service; as also the Number and Quality of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels usually employed for pressing Men from Ships returning from foreign Voyages, or on coasting Voyages, or that have been made use of to confine pressed Men in, until they could be distributed into other Ships for Service; together with the Number and Quality of all Vessels hired for the like Purposes, during the said Time; distinguishing, as near as can be, the total Expence of each Year, and what Part thereof hath been paid yearly, in pursuance to his Majesty’s Proclamation, for the Discovery of Seamen concealing themselves, so far as the same can be collected in this Office. And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bentley A Bill for establishing and rendering effebhtal certain ATkfe Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the Inclosure. Commons and waste Grounds in the Townships of Bentley and Ark fey, and Parish of Arhfcy, in the County of York; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. More, Mr. Luttrell, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Vcrney, Mr. Moreton, Lord North, Mr.

Moore, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Frobyn, Mr. Fonereau, Sir George Savile, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Robert liildyard, Mr. Fuller, Lord Strange, Mr. Finch, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Nugent, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Felloxves, Lord Egmont, Mr. Briftoive, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Iritis, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord Malpas, Mr. Alderman Baker; and all the Mem-' bers who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply* Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-15

yaniidrii. A. 1759.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mean* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 18° die Januarii;

Anno 32° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

Pray Kits.

A PETITION of Si.r Cecil Wray, Baronet, Lord FUiingham of the Manor of Filliugham, in the County of Intioiare. Lincoln, the Master and Scholars of Baliol College, of the University of Oxford, Patrons of the Rectory and Parish Church of FUUngham aforesaid, the Reverend Charles Reynolds, Debtor in Divinity, and Rebtor of the said Redory and Parish Church, the Right honourable the Earl of Scarborough, and the Dean and Chapter of Lincoln, was prefen tedi to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are certain large, open, and undivided common Fields or Grounds, within the said Manor, commonly called or known by the several Names of the North Field, the South Field, the Ings, and the Moors, containing together by Estimation, Two thousand Acres, which belong to the Petitioners the said Sir Cecil Wray, the Earl of Scarborough, the Dean and Chapter of Lincoln, and the said Donor Charles Reynolds, as Rector of the said Redory, in several undivided Shares and Proportions; and that there are likewise within the said Manor certain other large, open, or undivided common Pallure Grounds, called or known by the several Names of O.r P(flure and Cow Pasture, containing together by Eltimation, Eight hundred Acres, in, over, and upon, which said last mentioned Pallure Grounds, the said Sir Cecil Wray, as Lord of the Manor, and in Right of his Share and Proportion of the above-mentioned common Fields, and of several Cottages, Messuages, and Tenements, within the said Manor; and also the Earl of Scarborough, the Dean and Chapter of Lincoln, and the said Reverend Doctor Charles Reynolds, in Right of their Share and Proportions of t he laid common Fields, and of divers Cottages, Messuages and Tenements, within the said Manor; are severally intituled to a Right of Common for their Beasts and Sheep, and commonableCattle, exclusive of all other Persons whatsoever; and that the said Doblor Charles Reynolds, as Rebtor of the said Rectory and Parish Church, likewiic is, or claims to be, intitled to all the Tythes, Dues, and Ecclesiastical Rights*yearly arising, growing, coming, or renewing, within the Parish of Fillingham aforesaid; and that the Petitioners are delirous that aDivilion and Inclosure may be made of the said several common Fields, Grounds, and Pastures aforesaid, by certain Commissioners to be nominated for that Purpose, who shall set out and allot to the said Doctor Charles Reynolds, a certain Part and Proportion of the said common Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, of equal Value with the Tythes, Dues, and Ecclesiastical Rights, yearly arising, growing, or renewing, within the said Parish, except the Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees, or Duties due and of Right accustomed to be paid, within, the said Parish; and also according to his Share or Interest of and in the said common Fields and Grounds respectively, as an Owner and Proprietor as aforesaid, in Lieu of, or as aSatisfabtion for, fuchTythes,

Dues, and Ecclesiastical Rights, except as aforesaid, and of his Share and Interest of and in the said common Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, and to be appropriated to the said Rebtory for ever; and that the Residue of the said Common Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, shall, by the said Commissioners, be allotted unto and amongst the said

Harrrfion

Inclosure.

32 Geo. II. 18

said Sir Cecil Wray Baronet, the said Earl of Scarborough, and the Dean and Chapter of Lincoln aforesaid, in Proportion and according to their respective Sliares, Rights, apd Interests therein, to be held and enjoyed by them in Severalty for ever, in Lieu of, and Compensation for, their several and respective Shares and Interests therein, as the same are now undivided; but so as the Lessee from the Dean and Chapter of Lincoln, may not be thereby prejudiced, but may stand in the Place of the Dean and Chapter aforesaid, for and in respect of the Share and Proportion of the said common Fields and Pastures, which, upon such Division, may be so allotted to them as aforesaid, for the Refuiue of the Term of Years granted to him, by any Demise or Lease from the said Dean and Chapter; which at the Time of such Division and Allotment shall be to come and unexpired; but that all hough such Inclosure and Division would be a munifeft Advantage to the Persons interested in the Premiles, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their several Eltates, yet the same cannot be rendered effectual to answer the Intention of the said Parties, without the Aid of Parliament: The Petitioners therefore pray, That they may be at Liberty to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vyner, Mr. Auditor Woff bn, and Mr Ilczvetl, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Nathaniel Thorold Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Harmston, in the County of Lincoln, William Johnson, Clerk, Vicar of the Parilli Church of Harmston, Christopher Neville Esquire, William Landft dale Gentleman, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders, Owners and Propietors of Messuages, Farms, Tenements, Lands, and Grounds, within the Manor and Parilli of Harmston aforesaid, was presented to the Moufc, and read; setting forth, That there are several Farms, Lands, and Grounds, within the said Manor and Parilli, containing together Two thousand Five hundred and Ninety-six Acres or thereabouts, and tonlifting partly as well of ancient Inclosures as of manurable Lands, lying in the common Fields and common Meadows, which are the separate and distinct Property of the Lord of, and Freeholders within, the said Manor respectively, and contain together about Seventeen hundred and Thirty-four Acres: and partly of certain common Grounds, called the Heathy the Ox Pasture, and the Cow Pasture, containing together about Seven hundred Ninety-four Acres, wherein the Freeholders of the said Manor have a Right of Common for their Cattle, by a certain Stint and Proportion; and partly of certain Meres, Wastes, and uncultivated Land and Ground, lying dispersed in several Places, within the said Manor and Parish, containing about Sixty-seven Acres; and alleging, That the Petitioner Sir Nathaniel Thor old is Owner and Proprietor of divers Messuages, Farms, Tenements, Lands, and Grounds, lying and being, and comprised, as well in the ancient Inclosure as in the common Fields of 1 Iarmstonixfor ofa\d, containing together i,3H.S Acres, One Pood, and Thirty-one Perches; and is also intitled to the Tythes of Corn, Grain, Hay, Wool, and Lauibs, and all other the I. ectorial and Impropriate Tythes arising and renewing in the said Parish; and also to common of Pasture for Eighty-four Ilorfes, Oue hundred and Sixteen Oxen, One hundred and Ninety-five Cows, Forty-four Calves, and Two thousand Six hundred and Eighty-five Sheep, in the common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Places, of Harmston aforesaid; and is also Patron of the Vicarage of the Parilli Church of Harmston; and that the Petitioner William Johnj’on, Clerk, as Vicar of the said Parilli Church, is, in Right of his said Church, intitled to the Tythe or Composition for Milk, and to the Tythes of Orchards, Gardens, Calves, Pigs, Poultry, and Eggs, and other Vicarial or Small Tythes, and Easter Offerings Vol. 28.

nuarii, 3 5 0

arising within the said Parish; and also to common of Pasture for Two Cows, and Twenty Sheep, in the common Grounds and commonable Places of Harmston; and is also intitled to a perpetual Endowment or yearly Stipend, payable in Money and Corn, out of the Redory and Parsonage Impropriate of Harmston\ and that the Petitioners Christopher Neville, William Landfdale, ami the other Freeholders and Landholders within the said Manor, are together respectively, and in different Quantities and Proportions, intitled to all other Messuages, Farms, Tenements, Inclosures, and manurable Lands and Grounds, in the said Manor and Parish, containing together about 398 Acres, Three Roods, and Thirty-three Perches, and to common of Pasture for Twenty-five Horses, Thirty-three Oxen, Sixty-four Cows, Three Calves, and Eight hundred Thirty-five Sheep, in the Commons and commonable Places of Harmston aforesaid; and that the Petitioners Sir Nathaniel Thorold, William Johnson _, Clmjlopher Neville, and William Landfdale9 and the other Freeholders, whose Names are thereunto subscribed> are desirous that the said open and common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, Heath, and common Grounds, should be inclosed and divided; and that a specific Part thereof should he let out and alloted to and for each of them respectively, as a Compensation for their several Lands, Grounds, Tythes, Common Right, and other Interest, in the Lands and Grounds so to be inclosed: and have execute^ Articles under their Hands and Seals, whereby they have agreed to apply for an Act of Parliament for that Purpose: And therefore praying the Houseto give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for carrying the said Articles of Agreement into Execution; and for rendering the same effectual for the Purpose thereby intended, in such Manner, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vyner and Mr. Auditor Wat/bn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Geti-tlemen. Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the Towns of Nottingham, Alfreton, Matlock, and Winster, and several other, Towns and Places i^i the several Counties of Nottingham and Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from Chappel. Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, through Nuthall, in the County of Nottingham, and through Alfrelon, Matlock, and Winster, to Newhaven, in the County of Derby, and also the Road leading from the Four Lane Ends near Oakerlhorp, over Watdjlannel Bridge, commonly called Hotjlandall Bridge, to Ashborne; and also the Road leading from the Cross Post on Wirkjioorth Moor, through Crumford, by Matlock Bath, through Bakcicelt, to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chappell-en-lc+frith, at or near Longdone, in the said County of Derby, and from Selston to Annejley Woodhoijc, in the said County of Nottingham; are become so ruinous and bad, that in the Winter Season some Parts thereof are almost impassable for Carriages, and very dangerous for loaded Horses and Travellers, and in many Places so narrow, as to render the same very incommodious and dangerous to Passengers: And in regard the said Road cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, therefore praying,' That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner* as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hewett, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Vyner junior, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wilkes,

Mr.

Chappel

Bar

Roadg.

360 iS° —

Mr. Fonereau, Sk George Sa vile, M r.Moir, Mr. Clay fan, M r. Harris, Mr. Auditor Wat fun, Mr. Kynq/lon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. duller, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Pole, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Synionds, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Fi/her, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Kent, Mr. Geo. Onjlozc, Mr. Middleton, Sir Francis Poole, M r. JI nine, M r. Cooke, M r. Berkeley, M r. Charlton, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Townshend, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cole-brooke, Mr. Medlycott, Sir John Crojjc, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Chester, Mr. /.{{fleck, Mr. Lijter, Mr. Barroiv, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mabbott, Mr. Webb, Sir William Owen; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, Lincoln, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Contras Revived, That an humble Address be presented to

for Naval his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give

Stores, &c. Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all the Contrafts that have been made in Europe or elsewhere, with any Person or Persons, to supply his Majesty with Materials or Stores for the Use of his Navy, from the First of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-three, to the First of January One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight, or to the latest Accounts received, respecting the fame.

Refulved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of such Contract or Contracts, that have been made with any Person or Persons, in Europe or elsewhere, to fur-nifti for his Majesty’s Service,' any Vessel or Vessels for Transports, Tenders, or other Purposes, from the First of January One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-three, to the First of Jannaiy One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight, 6r to the latest Accounts received; and that there be annexed to such Copy or Copies of each Contract or Contracts, what Service such Vessel or Vessels, so contracted for, were employed in, the Time they lay upon Demurrage, and when they were discharged from His Majesty’s Service.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, Tha^ he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Contracts that have been made in Europe or elsewhere, for Provisions, and dry or other Stores, for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, from the First of Januan; One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-three, to the First of January One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Accounts of Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an

condemned Account of all the damaged, dry, and other Stores, and Stores. Provisions, that have been condemned in any of his Majesty’s Storehouses, or on board any of his Shipfc, Frigates, or Sloops of War and Tenders, either at Home or Abroad, from the First of January 1753, to the First of January 1758, or to the Time of the latest Accounts received respecting the fame, particularly pointing out the different Species of such Stores and Provisions, their original Cost, and what they fold for.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the condemned Materials and Stores that have been deemed unfit for Service, on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels of War, dr other Vessels employed therein; likewise an Account of all the condemned Stores and Materials that have been deented unfit for Service, in his Majesty’s Yards. Docks, or in any other Places in Europe, or elsewhere, from the First of January x730 to the First of January 17^8, or to the latest Accounts received respectting the fame, with a particular Account, in what Manner the said condemned Stores

18

0 Jdnuarii. A. 1750*

and Materials have been disposed of, and of fitch Sum or Sums of Money that have been received for the said condemned Stores and Materials, from the First of January 1753, to the First of January 17^8, and to what Uses the said Money has been appropriated.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vieneris, i g° die;

Anno 32- Georgii lls,i Regis/ 1759;

PR AYERS.

A PETITION of the Merchants, Owners, and Com- Manning manders of Ships, whose Names are thereunto the Naqr. subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House and read; taking Notice of the Bill for the more effectual manning his Majesty’s Navy, andi for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen and others, belonging to Ships or Vessels in the Merchants Service; and alleging. That the Petitioners conceive, that the several new Powers contained in, and the several Penalties infli6ted by, the said Bill, will be grievous to Owners and Masters of Ships, and tend to the Destruction of the Body of Seafaring Men, by preventing their Increase, and prove greatly prejudicial to Trade and Navigation in general: And therefore praying the House, That the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Monday the 18th Day of December last, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the more effectually Manning of his Majesty’s Nuvy, and for preventing Defection from the same; as alto for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen and others, belonging to Ships or v effels in the Merchants Service, upon Tuefiay the 23d Day of this lnstant January, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly:

Ordered, '1 hat the said Order be clilcharged.

Ordered, That the said Hill be read a, Second time, upon Tuesday Fortnight, the 6th Day of February next.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That ^nfwer their Addresses of Yesterday, that his Majesty would be to Addrefi graciously pleased to give Directions that Copies of thfc for Papa* several Contracts therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that lie will give Directions accordingly.

The House being informed. That Mr. Rowe, from Account the Treasury, attended at the Door; ot Amy

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Extnordi,uli* House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

The Account of the Application and 13ifposal of Eight hundred Thousand Pounds, issued pursuant to the Power given by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for ifiuingand applying any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding tight hundred Thousand Pounds, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred or to be incurred, for die Service of the Year 1758; and to take all such Moafurcs as might be necessary to dif-nppoiut. or defeat any Enterprises or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs might require.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tide of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

The

Recounts

Whale P flier/.

32 Geo. II. i90 JanuariL 36i

Tup. ACCOUNT of the Application and Disposal of Eight hundred Thorn fund Pounds, ifiucd pursuant to the Power given by an Act, passed in tllelaftSession of Parliament, for ilfuing and applying any Sum 01 Sums of Money, not exceeding Eight hundred Thousand Pounds, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to defray any Extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight* and to take all such Mcafuresas might be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprises or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs might require:

To vlie Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, to be applied towards the extraordinary Services of the Navy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight -Messieurs Pye and Cruikfhank, on Account of Forage and Grain, by them provided for his Majesty’s Troops in Germany -

Michael Hat fan Esquire, Com miliary for the Brit if 1 Troops in Germany, towards the Support of the said Forces at Embden, and in their March, and the providing Bread, Forage, and other Necessaries for them ——

Robert Boyd Esquire, Com miliary for the Heffiaii Troops in the Pay of Great Britain^ on Account of Forage for the said Troops - - - - ®

The said Robert Boyd> on Account of Forage and other Necessaries for the Service of the said Hessian Troops - -

Messieurs Baker, Kilby, and Baker, for Provisiotis by them supplied,according to Contrail, for his Majesty’s Forces in North America -

The said Contra6lors; for the Value of their Provisions, destroyed and taken by the Enemy at the Afliujlt and Surrender of Fort William Henry -

Messieurs Tomlinson, Hanbury, Colehrookd, and Nejbitt, late Contractors for remittingMonies for his Majesty’s Forces in North America, to be by them remitted thither in Specie, for extraordinary Services relating to the said Forces ——

Messieurs Tomlinson, Colebrook, Nejhit, and Hanburyt h e p r efent Cont ra61orsfor the said Remit-ances, to be by them remitted in Specie as aforesaid, for the like Services -Charles late Duke of Marlborough, as Commander in Chief of his Majesty s Forces, goingon a foreign Expedition, towards providing himself with an Equipage for the same lieutenant General Thomas Bligh, to provide himself with an Equipage, as Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Forces ordered on an Expedition -

Major General Peregine Thomas Ilopfon, to provide himself with an Equipage, as Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Forces, ordered on an Expedition - -

Arnold Nefiitt and James Caleb rooke, Esquires, Contractors fof victualling the G arrifons of Lou if bourg and St. John's, by way of Advance, and upon Account, lor that Service -Messieurs Walpole, Mellish, and Touched, Remitters of Monies for the Use of the British Troops in Germany, to be by them remitted to the Deputy Paymaster there, for Extraordinaries, for the Use of the said Troops ——

Christopher Kilby Esquire, late Agent for his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, to enable him to satisfy a Bill of Exchange, drawn on him by Charles Lawrence Esquire, Governor of that Province, for the Use of the Government there - - - - , -

Richard Cumberland Esquire, the present Agent for the said Colony, to enable him to satisfy several Bills of Exchange, drawn on him by the said Governor Lawrence^ for the Use of the said Government -

The Committee for managing the Affairs of the African Company, under an Act of Parliament, passed in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty, to reimburse the like Sum expended by the said Company towards erecting the Fort at Annamaboc, the said Reimbursement appearing necessary to prevent the said Fort falling into the Hands of the Natives, or of his Majesty’s Enemies, as the said.Sum would otherwise have been replaced out of the Ten thousand Pounds granted ladSession of Parliament, which by such Deduction might have been insufficient for the Purposes defigued -

£ . d.

100,000 - — —

1065672 7 4

17,500-----

60.000 — - —

50,060 -

210,495 4 64

15*45 9 8I

90.000 — —

50.000 -

1,000 —

1,000 -

1,000 -

10.0000 -

23.741 6 4

7.000 — — i9,3°4 17 16

7>*4o 14 3

£ 800,000 ——

This Account, dated’ in Obedience to his Majesty’s* Command, Upon an Address of this honourable House, is humbly presented this Nineteenth Day of January 1759, by

M. Rowe.

Ordered, That the said Account dofie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the I loqfe.

The House being informed. That Mr. Rowe, ffom the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Ac I s of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Straits, and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported from the 1 oth of October 1757: And alibi

Vol. 2 8*

Aii Account of all Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, c >m, frr. Biscuit, and Starch, that have been exported out of that exported Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the lfi Day Scotland of December 1757, to the 14th Day of November 1758.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon iheTabie to be peruferl by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Chesterfield Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the County of Derby, *0aUs* residing near, and ufttaliv travelling; the High Roads therein after mentioned, lying in the County of Derby 4 Z aforesaid.

M snning Navy.

5 62 190 Januarii.J. 1750.

aforesaid, whole Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth. That so much of the High Road leading from the Market Town of Chef erfield, to the Market Town of Chappel-en-le Frith, both in the said County of Derby, as lies between Clieferfield and the Turnpike Road at Hern done Lane Head, and leads through Ashga.c, Brampton, Curbarr, Middle loir dale, alias Eu am-dale, and by Brojla Fields, and so much ofa Side Branch from the said Road as leads out of the same upon the East Meer, and from thence through Bajlow, Ha (fop, Great Long fun y and Wardlow, and unites again with the said Rond near Wardlow Mires; and also the High Road leading between the fit id Bond and Branch from Calver Bridge to Bojlow Bridge; and likewise so much of the High Road leading between the Market Town of A/hbome, in the said County of Derby, and the Market Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, as lies between the Turnpike Road near Ntzo’iavcn Ifivje, and the Turnpike Road near Gfindleford Bridge, and leads through Bakeivell, Ilaftop, Culver, and by Stake Hall, and erodes the said first mentioned Road and Branch; are become deep and foundcrous, and some Parts thereof, leading through Rocks and Stoney Places, are so Straight, as not to admit of the Puftage of Wheel Carriages, by means whereof the said several Roads are become very incommodious, and in many Places ahnoft impauable, and cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Provisions of Law: And therefore playing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing,amending, and widening, or altering, so much of the several Roads before mentioned, as are therein before described, in in Rich Manner ns to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ofa Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame* as is lha.ll appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. For-refer, Mr. JVHies, Mr. Hezvett, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Hanger, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller, General Cornwallis, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. More, Mr. Cooke, Mr. JSezvell, Sir John Croft:, Mr. Sandy:, Mr. Whitworth, Mr Eider, Mr. Coventry, Mr. lJnme, Mr. Matthew Lambe, Mr. Banket, Sir Pilchard IJoyd, Mr. Si aunt on. Sir John Cujt, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Webb, Mr. Pole, Mr. Crqfter, Mr. Fellcwes, Sir James Creed, Mr. Morton, Mr. Chariton, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Butler; and all the Members who Serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, }ork, Stafford, Leciefter, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons Papers, and Records,

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Affifiants, an Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their common Seal, was presented to the lloufc, and read: taking Notice of the Rill for them ore effect ual Manning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Deferi ion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen and others, belonging to Ships and YcfTels in the Merchants Service; and alleging, That the fame, if carried into a Law, would lay the Trade of this Kingdom, which is the Nursery and grand Support of Seamen at all Times, and also that Spirit of fitting out Private Ships of War, which, during the present War, has been of Inch distinguidled Service to the Nation in general, under Rich Difficulties as would, it is feared, cause a great Stagnation in the former, and a total Suppression of the latter; and that 1 h Bill itielf, if carried into a Law, w ould be highly p; judicial to the Marine of this Kingdom, and ineffectual for the Purposesinteuded: And therefore praying That 1 he said Bill may not pass into a Lviw.

Ordered, That the said Pet ition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary Pitt presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Convention between his Majesty and thq King of Prussia, concluded and signed at London, December jth, 1 758; and Translatiou: And also,

Copy of a Treaty between his MrtjcTty and the Landgrave of Hefte Caff el, concluded and signed at London, January 17th, 1759; anf* Translatiou: And also.

Copy a separate Article belonging to the Treaty between his Ma1 jesty and the Landgrave of Hefte Caftef concluded and signed at London, the 17th of January 1759; and Tr.ui:station:

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Copies are preferred nmongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translatioris are as folio wet If; viz.

Trahflation of a Convention between his Majestyaml the King o t'Paifta, concluded and signed at London, the 7th of December, 1758.

Be it known to all those whom it doth or may concern: That the burthensome War in which his Prussian Majesty is engaged, putting him under the Necessity to make new Efforts, for defending hitnfeJf against the great Number of Enemies who have attacked his Dominions; and his said Majesty, being the refore obliged to enter into a new Concert with his Britannic Majesty, in order to provide reciprocally and jointly with him, for their common Defence and Security; and his Majesty the King of Great Britain, having at the same Ttmemudef known his Desire of strengt honing the Bands of Friend-, ship, subsisting between the Two Courts, and on that Occasion, and for that End, of coming 10 afresh Agreement, by an express Convention concerning the Succours, by which he might the most speedily and effectually assist his Prussian Majesty; their afore Paid Majesties have llionfo '*, for tint Purpose, appointed and authorized ihei:- respetflive Mini tiers, viz. lathe Name and on the Part of his Britannic Majesty, his Privy Counsellors, Sir Echert Henley Knight, Lord Keeper of the Great Sea! of 'Great Britain; John Earl Granville, President of hh Council; Thomas Holies Duke of Ncucafle, First Lord Commissioner of his Treasury; Eobert. Earl of Holder nrftc, one of his principal Secretaries of State; P hill ip Yuri of Hardwicke; and 1 Vi Hi an Pitt Esquire, another of his principal Secretaries of State: And in the Name and on the Part, of his Prujian Majesty, the Sieurs Dodo Henry, Baron of Knyphaufen, his Privy Councilor of Embassy, and Minister Plenipotentiary at the Court of his Britanic Majesty, and Lewis Micheil, his Charge d'Affaires at the said Court; who, after the Exchange of their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles.

1.

It isagreed, ThatallformerTreatiesfubfiftingbetween the Two Courts, of what Date and Nature soever they may be, and particularly that of Wefmhifier, of the 16th of January, in the Year 1756, as well as the Convention of the 11 th of April of the current Year, iTiall be considered as renewed and confirmed by the present Convention, in all their Points, Articles, and Clanfes; and shall be of the same Force, as if they were inserted here Word for Word.

2

His Majesty the King of Great Britain engages to cause to be paid in the City oLondon, to the Person or Persons who shall be authorized for that Purpose by his Majesty the King of Prvjia^ the Sum of Four Millions of German Crowns, amounting to Six hundred and Seventy thousand Pound* Sterling; which entire Sum shall be paid at once, imaiediaiely after the Exchange of the Ratifications, upon the Requisition of his Prujian. Majesty.

c>

His Majesty the King of r raffia engages, on his Part, to employ the said Sum in keeping up and augmenting his Forces, which ilia I i act in the moll advantageous

Manner

Convent'on

with the Xing of fruilhi

3i Geo. II. 19° Januarii.

Manner for the Common Canfe, and for the End proposed by their a fore said Majesties, of reciprocal Defence and mutual Security,

A

The High contracting Parties moreover engage; viz. on the One Part his Britannic M a jetty, both as King and as Elector; and, on the other Part, his Prussian M a jetty; not to conclude any Treaty of Peace, Truce, or Neutrality, or any other Convention or Agreement whatsoever, with the Powers who have taken Part in the present War, but in Concert and by mutual Con feu t, and expressly comprehending each other therein.

. 5-

This Convention shall be ratified, and the Ratification thereof shall be exchanged on both Sides, within the Term of Six Weeks, to be reckoned from the Date of the signing of this Convention, or sooner, if pollible.

In Witness whereof, We, the underwritten Ministers of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and of his Majesty the King of PmJJia. by virtue of our full Powers, have signed this present Convention, and have set the S als of our Arms t hereto. Done at London, the Seventh pay of December, in the Year ofoitrl^ord 1758.

(L.S.) Robert Henley, C. Sf (L S.) Granville, P.

(L. S) Halles Weu'caJHe*

(L.S0 Hoklerneffe.

(L. S.) Hardicicke,

(L. S.) Wm. Pitt,

Translation of a Treaty bet ween his Majesty and the Landgrave of lleffe Cajfel\ concluded and signed at London, the 17th January 1759.

Whereas.by the 13th Article of t be Treaty concluded between his Majesty the Kimr of Great Britain, and the m >tt S< rene Landgrave of IIrffe Cajfel, on the iSth of June, of vlie Year 1735, it is provided, fhat if the High Contracting Parties iliould think fit to continue, prolong, or alter the fame, they shall treat thereupon Three Months before its Expiration, as the same shall require; and whereas, his Majesty the King of Great Britain, on One Side, and his moil Serene Highness the Landgrave of He(j'e Cassel, on the other, having considered, That in the present Situation of Affairs in Europe, and in particular, those of Germany, their reciprocal Interests require, thgt the ancient Friendship and Confidence which have ever been cultivated between his Majesty and |iis most Serene Jliglmefs, with mutual Advantage, iliould be renewed and confirmed by drifter Ties, and |>y 3 pew Treaty of Alliapce, as that which at present subsists is near expi» ing; his Britannic Majesty, and his moll l'erc.nc Highnejsthe laid Landgravp, have thought proper to direct for this Purpose their respective Mi-witters; that is to say, his said Maj etty, his Privy Coun-fellors.Sir Robert Henley Knight, his Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain; John Earl Granville, President of his Council; TIioviqs Holies, Duke of Newcastle, First Commissioner of his Treasury; Robert Earl of Holder-ti ffe, one of his principal Secretaries of State; Philip FiJlLP-f Hqrdwicke; and Hllliatn Pitt, another of his principal Secretaries of State; and the mqft fereoe Landgrave, his actual Minister of State, the SVeur JZwidM&AiHtvjht* ftiron de Hardenberg; and the Sieur Jo ft us Henry All, his Privy Counfellorof Lection and M initter charged with his Affairs;"‘to enter into C011-f rence thereupon; who after the Exchange of their rcl jiccti'e full Powers, lufve agreed upon the Points antj. Articles fellowutg-

J. -

There shall he between his Majesty, and the most Setene Landgrave,their Successors, Ileus, and Subjects, a tinaere Friendship, and a most ft rich Union, insomuch that the One ttiali consider the Interests of the other as their own, and shall linrerel v endeavour to further them to the uttuoli, and to prevent and avert all ! rouble and J^amage.

Vtol. 28#

2,

To 11113 End it is agreed, That aff formes Treaties, Coiwentioif principally those of Guaranty, shall be deemed to be re* with

newed and confirmed by the present Treaty, in alf therr lhc K’ng of Points, ArtL-les and Ciaufes, and shall be of the same PlQ®a* Force, as if they were itiferted here Word for Word, so far as it is not derogated from by the present Treaty.

3*

It being now Two Years since the War was tinhappity kindled in Germany; and that in Resentment of the Treaty fubfitting between his Majesty and the moil Serene Landgrave, the Dominions belonging to his most Serene Highness have been attacked and seized by the Crown of France, and its Allies; his Majesty the King of Great Britain, engages and promises not to lay down his Arms until the most Serene Landgrave is fully reiu* stated in the Pottettion of his said Dominions.

4-

His Majesty the King of Great Britain being desirous of retaining the Hessian Troops now in the Pay of England, in order to employ them in the present War, his most Serene Highness the landgrave is willingto consent thereto, and promises and engages, by virtue of thtf Article, to leave in the Pay of his said Majesty the Body of Twelve thousand and Twenty Men, now employed in the Service of his said Majesty, on the same Conditions, and on the same Foot, both with regard to the Pay, and ordinary and extraordinary Treatment, as well ia relation to the Subsidy, in the Proportion mentioned in the Sixth and Seventh Articles of the Treaty of 1755.

5-

During the Continuance of this War, his Britannic Majesty shall have it in his Power to employ the said Body of Troops according to what is contained in the Treaty 0^1755, herein above cited.

6.

This Treaty shall fubfjfl for the Term of Four Years, to commence from the Expiration of the Treaty of 175 3, which will expire on the 19th of June, of the present Year. And if his said Majesty, and the said most Serene Landgrave, shall think fit to continue* prolong, or alter the fame, they shall treat thereupon Three Months before its Expiration, as the Case shall require,

7-

The Ratifications of this Treaty shall be exchanged here at Iiondon within the Space of Six Weeks after the Signature thereof, or sooner, if possible. In Witness w hereof, We, the underwritten, having the full Powers of his Britannic Majesty, and oft he most Serene Land- grave of 11effeCaffel.have signed the presentTreaty, and have cauled the Seals of our Arms to be put thereto. Done at. London, the Seventeenth Day of the Mouth of January, in the Year 1759.

(L. S.) Rolrert Henley, C. S. (L. S.) F. A. Ilardenberg.

(L. S,) Granville, P. (^L. S.) J. 1L Alt.

(L. S.) Holies NeiCcafllt.

(L. S.) Hardiviche,

(L.S.) IV. Pitt. . '

Translation of a separate Article belonging to the Treaty between his Majesty and the Landgrave of lleffe Cajfel, concluded and signed at London, Januaryyth, 1759,

Separate Article.

The Experience of what is patted, having shewed the Necessity of having for the Good of the Common Cause,

a Body oj Troops for covering the Dominions of the most Sjrene Landgrave of Hesse; and his said moll Serena Highness having reprefeuted his Inability to maintain a Body of his own Troops, foranswering in Part so in-dispensableanObjeft, his Dominions having been totally exhaulled, in Consequence of the enormous Contributions and Deliveries t he French have drawn from thence, his Britannic Majesty promises and engages to canfe to

u.

3^4 *9 Janua1759"

Convention |>e j»nif], to the most Serene Landgrare of He/fe, without mo# Serene Landgrave of Hesse may again fix his Refi-

ff»f ic n' of ,yOeiJaction^the Sum of Ninety-seven thoulimd Five dence in Ins own Dominions, and give fresh Courage to hn!idrecH\ighty^wor,uuiKisSterIing, SeventeenSliil!ing« his faithful Subjects by his Presence, which is so much ✓ Te:r penctyand Two-Sevenths of a Penny, for OneYear's wifhedfor* his find Majesty, in order to contribute to-Ptly of a Body of Troops, both Infantry arid Cavalry, of wards so iriterofting an Object, grants to the said most Six thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-two Men, to Serene Landgrave, the Sum of Sixty thousand Pound* commence from the 1 it of January 1759, according to Sterling, to be paid as his mo# Serene Highness shall the State, iiereunto annexed, the effective Number of think it most convenient.

which Troops shall be ascertained by Master, before an The prefen t separateArtielefhaJI beof the same Force,

English Commissary. And in Confederation of t he said as if it was inserted Word for Word in the Treaty con-Su«n ofjf.97,582. 17.9. 10 d. to be advanced as ufuaf, eluded and signed this Day. It Audi be ratified in the from Two Months to Two Months, and of the Payment same Manner? and the Ratifications thereof shall beex-of the extraordinary Expences in the Manner settled by changed at the same Time as those of the Treaty. In ?the Treatyof 175rn the mo# Serene Landgrave of Hrffe Witness whereof, We, the irndervvritten, furnished with promise and engages on his Part, to keep the fakl Body the full Powers of his Britannic Majesty, and of the mo# of 6,992 Men in Reariincfs, to act every where for the Serene Landgrave of IhffciJaJel, have signed theprefeufc ‘Good-of the Common Canfe, according to the Cireum- Treaty, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to he put fiances of the War. thereto. Done at Ij>ndon> the Seventeenth Day -of the

With regard to Forage, and other Things necessary to Month of Jamary, in the Year 1759*

p.fiiruifhfd; for the said Body of Troops, his Majesty

will, provide for the fame; and the most properMeafures (L. S.) Robert Henley y C. S. (L. S.) F. A. Ilardenherg. shall he taken, as shall be agreed upon between the Two (L. S.) Granville, P. (L. S.) J. II. Ait*

Courts for that Purpose. (L. S.) Holies^ Newcastle.

. Mpreover, the King of Great Britain having nothing (L. S.) Hardzvicle.

more at Heart than to facilitate the Means by which the (L. S.j William PiU.

Pay of a Body of Ilejfian Troops, of 6,672 Men, for a Month of 42 Days.

STAFF.

w 1 Lieutenant General ....

11 is Aid clu Camp ——

1 Major General of Foot ——

His Aid du Camp ——

1 Lieutenant Quarter Master General -

1 Major of Brigade of the Infantry ——

l'i Aid du Camp of Brigade of the Infantry 1 Quarter Master of the Staff -

1 1 Auditor of the Staff ——

His Clerk -

i Doctor or Physician ——

1 Surgeon of the Staff - -

& Chaplain -

1 Waggon Master of the Staff -

: i Grand Provost - - - , ' -

; i Executioner - 1 - -

►: His Servants , - -

Sum of the Staff -

The COMMISSARIATS/ ;:

1 Commissary of War and Cashier ——

2 Clerks . at 30 Rd. - . - - - - -

1 Waggon for the Military Chefi, Accounts, Letters, &V. Turo Servants and'4 Horses

Total of the Comraiflariate OFFICE for VICTUALS and PROVISIONS.

'; -1.

1 Purveyor - -

1 Clerk -----....

Total for the Office for Victuals^ SCc,

- — German Currency.

Rd. Mgr. *3r.

- 55*2 12 2

- 60 — —

2&8 25

60

40 1S —

40 iS —

- ,24

4° 3i 5

209 15 6

14 — —

108 23 —

94 12 7"

40 — —

30 —

28 — —

14 *- —

- 1.639 I3 5r-n 1

t. - t too — —

60 — - —

31 12 7

- 191 12 ' 2tt

48 _

30 — —

- QO 1 1

HOS-

32 Geo. II.

i9° Januarii.

365

HOSPITAL.

Do6lor or Physician

Upper Surgeon of the Hospital

Assistant Surgeons at 15 Rd.

Chaplain -

Purveyor

Cleuk -

Apothecary -

Ailiflant Apothecary

Cook - -

t 1

4 1

1 1 1 1 1

His Maid Servant -1 Waggon, 2 Servants, and Horses

5 Waggons, 10 Servants, and 20 Horses (i More -

Keeping the Horses, and Repairs of the Waggons, with all the Utensils, and for Medicines and the Surplus for the Care of the Wounded and Sick

Total for the Hospital

ARTILLERY.

i Major -1 Captain -I Lieutenant 1 StuckJuncker -1 Surge on -8 Bombardiers, at 16 Rd.

30 Gunners, at 8 14 344

30 Under Gunners, at 6 14 3J 1 Drummer -1 Clerk ..

75

1 Quarter Mailer or Commissary 1 Master Furrier -

1 Master Wheelwright

1 Master Sadler -

1 Head Servant -

20 Servants - at 5 21 4±_?

58 Horses for the Forage^ at Mgr. 2 t 5- per Day

Total for the Artillery A Corps of Chasseurs on Foot.

Men

1 Major and Commandant 1 Aid du Camp -1 Quarter Master Major

TheSTAFF.

German Currency. Rd. Mgr. dr.

108 23 16 UL 64 4

60-----

40-----

48 —

30 -

37 18 T

*5-----

15-----

5 21 4*~

31 12 7-i-i

156 28 6 —

130 — —

Convention with the King of Pru&a.

742

5 a

100 18 — 60 — 4 —

28-----

20 —

3

8 14

128-----

252-----

192-----

6 14 8 14 3J

36-----

l6-----

l6-----

l6-----

18-----

112-----

292 I I 4

- L310 — 5t4

German Currency. 3 3 For ;o Da vs. § § Rd. Mgr. dr. £ S

Total of the Staff

70----- ia 8

2-2-----3 3

25-----3 3

117-----18 14

1 COMP AN Y.

1 Captain 1 Lieutenant 1 2d Lieutenant 1 Serjeant 1 D° -

1 Fourier 1 Arquebufier -1 Surgeon 1 Corporal

5 D'

1 Drummer or Chasseur 85 Chasseurs

100 Sum of 1 Company 100 1 oilier Company

200 Total for a Corps of Chasseurs VoL. 28.

The Staff

50-----

25-----

22-----

8-----

8-----

8-----

8-----

10-----

6 — -30. — -4 — 340 —

5*9 —

519 — 117 —

8 6

3 3 3 3

— 2

— 2 2

— 2

— 2

— 2

— 10

— 1

~ 85

14 120 14 120 18 14

M55-

46 254

5 A

More

A. 17551

190 Januarii.

C r-ventica; h the King of l'.uina.

More,

For the CHASSEURS on FOOT.

The 46 Rations of Forage, make at 20 Bel. -Anri 2>4 Potions of Bread, at i--

Clothing for 194 Chasseurs, at i~ -

Keeping the Arms in Order, at 4- - -

For Medicines, - - at 40 per Ann. -

Recruiting Money for each Company, at 368 Bel. per Ann.

Sum for 30 Days -

Which makes in a Month of 42 Days - -

German Currency. Rd. Mgr. dr.

<J20-----

381-----;

291-----

<J7-----

312 —

61 12 —

2,908 24 —

4,072 4 6

Farther,

The Waggon for the Military Chest and Medicines The 2 Waggons for the Company, at D* -

Total for the Corps of ChafTeurs for 4*2 Days

31 12

62 25 7 —

4>i66 7 fAi

1 SQUADRONof HUSSARS.

Men

1 Lieutenant Colonel and Commander -

1 Major....

i Lieutenant -

1 Cornet - -....

1 Wad it M ait re -

2D0 ——

1 M ait re de Logis -

1 Surgeon -

i D°‘....

1 Trumpeter -

1 D° -....

6 Corporals, at 20 Bd. -

98 Hussars, at 11 -

1 Clerk -

1 Farrier of the Staff - -

1 Sadler - -

1 Provost and Servant - -

2 Waggons for the Company, at 31 12 7-fJ -

] 2o Total of a Squadron of Hussars -

1 Regiment of Dragoons.

212 18 — 200 18 —

60-----

56-----

24-----

48-----

24-----

14-----

14-----

14-----

14-----

120-----

1,078 — —

11-----

16-----

16 — —

14 -

62 25 71.?

1,998 25 7?!-

The STAFF.

1

Colonel -

Lieutenant Colonel -

Major -

Maitre de Logis of the Regiment - -

T^Hditor.....-

Chaplain - -

Adjutant - -

Surgeon of the Regiment -

The Waggon for the Military Chest and Medicines

Waggon Matter -

Kettle Drummer -

Hautbois - -

\y - - .

Furrier of the Staff -

Sadler.....'

Provost and Servant -

Total of the Staff

157 18 52 18 40 18 60 — 36 — 40 — 28 — 28 — 31 12 18 —

M — 12 —

84 -

16 — 16 —

14 —

714

647 30

n'

1 Hegimcut

32 Geo. IL

i 90 Januarii.

i Regiment of Dragoons.

&fen

1 Gaptain -The Waggon of the Company i Lieutenant - -

i Ensign -

l Waclit Mait re i D° ..... i Maitre De Logis

1 Surgeon -

3 Corporals, at 20 Rd.

2 Drummers, at 11

72 Dragoons, at x 1

1 Clerk - -

1 COMPANY.

85 Sum for 1 Company 595 7 more Companies And the Staff -

680 Total of a Regiment of Dragoons

German Currency. Rd. Mgr. dr.

160-----

31 12 7J-I 60 — —

56-----

-4-----

24-----

24-----

14-----

60-----

22-----

792 -

II-----

1,278 12 71±

8,948 l8 rt ii 647 30

10,874 16 5T6a-

i Regiment of Infantry. The STAFF.

1 Colonel ——

1 Lieutenant Colonel -

1 Major -

1 Maitre de Logis of the Regiment -1 Auditor -

1 Chaplain - - - -

1 Adjutant - -

1 Surgeon of the Regiment - -

The Waggon for the Military Chest and Medicines 1 Waggon Matter -

1 Drum Major -

1 Hautbois -


1 Provost and Servant -

Total of the Staff

1 Regiment of Infantry. 1 COMPANY.

1 Captain -

The Waggon of the Company 1 Servant for 2 Horses to carry the Tents 1 Lieutenant -

1 Ensign -

3 Serjeants, - - at 11 7 144

1 Fourier -

1 Capitaine d’ Armes -

1 Surgeon -

4 Corporals, - - at 8

10 Aafpeftkdes, - at 5 21 4 —

2 Drummers, - - at 5 21 4 —

75 Private Soldiers, at 4 28 6L1

1 Solicitor -

3 Officers Servants, at 3 7 12J?

104 Sum for 1 Company -728 7 more Companies -

And the Staff . - -

832 Total for 1'Regiment -

1,664 - - - 2 more -

416 - - - 1 more of Companies

2,912 Total of Regiments of Infantry

Vol. 28.

157 18 —

52 18 —

40 18 —

3 6-----

36-----

40-----

24-----

28-----

31 12 7-ii

18-----

6 14 q--5-

.5 21 4±1

39 7 1 —

12 ——

- 527 2 ItZ

5 O

60

31 12 7-’-!

5 21 4 —

28

24

33 21 4-

- 8 28 6 —

8 28 6'-

8 14 3xi

32 c (3 - -

0J 11 7 1 —

360 —

4 28 61-?

9 4-

682 5 6

- 4.775 4 2 — 8

536 2

5,984 12 1 —

- 11,968 24 3 —

- 3’255 25 13~

- 21,2oS 25 74*

2 Companies

Conrenron wi.h the King of Prussia.

Convention with the King of Prussia.

190 Januarii.

2 Companies of Infantry.

i COMPANY.

Men

i Captain -

The Waggon for the Company -i Servant for 2 Horses to carry the Tents 1 Lieutenant -1 Second Lieutenant Serjeants - - - at 11 y iii

1 Fourier -

1 Surgeon -

6 Corporals - - - at 8

12 Anfpefiades - - - 5 21 4

2 Drummers - - - 5 21 4I-I

97 Private Soldiers - - 428 6~

1 Solicitor -

3 Officers Servants - at 3 7 ilf

4.1759-

German Currency. Rd. Mgr. dr.

Co 5 O

- 3* 12 7 —

,5 21 4 —

_ 28 — —

_ 28 — 1 —

- 44 28 5"

- 8 28 6-

8 14 3xa

- 48 —

- 67 7 i-ii

11 7

- 465 21 4 —

- 4 28 6i-

- 9 21 4 —

130 Sum for one Company 130 One other Company

821 12 821 12 6-i-

260 Total for Two Companies of Infantry

1,642 25 5.1*

Recruits to augment the 12 Regiments of Foot in the Auxiliary Corps ot 12,000 Men. For 1 Regiment.

i COMPANY.

i Serjeant -1 Corporal -1 Anfpeflade -

1 D°....

16 Private Soldiers, - - at 4 28

20 Sum for One Company -180 Nine other Companies -

200 Total for One Regiment 2,200 For 11 other Regiments

2,400 Total for 12 Regiments of Foot

RECAPITULATION.

The Staff -'File Commiflariate The Office for Victuals The Hospital 100 The Artillery 200 The Corps of Chasseurs 120 One Squadron of Hussars 680 One Regiment of Dragoons 2,912 Four Regiments of Foot ?6o Two Companies of Foot 2,400 Recruits -

6,672

Total

11 7 Ul

8-----

5 4~

5 2t 4 -76 28 62.°

107 7 llS

964 28

1,072 -

L792-----

12,864 — —

*>639 '3 5tV»

J9‘ 12 7 f?

78-----

742 — 5 4‘-

I , 31 o — 5 44.

4,166 7 5 41

’>998 2.5 7

io,87+ 26 5

21,208 25 7 4£

1,642 25 5 4‘

12,864 -

56,715 31 7-rVo-

Calculation of what the Pay of an Augmentation of 120 Hussars, and 200 Chasseurs amounts to.

The Corps of Chasseurs of 200 Men, actually raised, cod, according to the State laid down - - - - -4,1667 5 Lo-

By adding to this Number 200 more Chasseurs, with a Stall Officer, anti other Persons ueeelVary for the Service, this will amount to the Sum of -The Hu liars already raised, to the Number of 120, colt, according to the State above mentioned .....1,998 23 741

By adding to this Number 120 more Iluflars, with their Officers, and other Persons, tins F.xpence will amount to ——

Sum that this Augmentation requires in 42 Days ....

Makes in a Year....

4,’- 65 7 5K-

I>998 25 7i*

6,164 33 4r"

53.576 — —

Ordered,

Wincheifea

Writ.

Supply.

Ge.€k II. 190 — -22° Jamarii. 369

Ordered, That the IhithPapers do life upon the Table to beperufed by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr.'Speaker do iffne his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron to lerve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of JVinchd/ea, in the County of Suffer, ill the Room of Thomas Or by Hunter Esqaire, who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of Superintendent or Director of Forage, Provisions, Necessaries, and Exlraordiuaries, for his Majesty’s combined Army, under the Command of Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick.

Mr. CKarltonaVo acquainted the House, That lie.was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave io fit again.

Resolved, That this House will* upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of^ the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday ing next, resolve itself into, a Committee of the whose House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty. . f

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1759, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto thejeveral Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse G uarcls, and Regiment of Horse^reduced, and unto the Superannuated Gentlemen of the? Four Troops of Ilorfe Guards, for the Year 17 59, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of fuel) reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Lund Forcesand Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1759, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee. That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House wilt please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday >Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, next, Nine of the Olock.


Luna, 2 2° dieJanuarii:

Anno 320 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

/CASPAR Schombar, John Spitta, Gysbevt Pan Poorjt, Frederick de Chevrigny, Conrad Harkfen, Chrifopher Strothoffl and Jasper Lawrence Richter, took life Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, r That an humlile Address be presented to his Majesty, to condole with His Majesty, on the unfortunate Death of thptmost vgtuQUs and excellent Princess, his Majesty’s, Daughter, the Princess Royal, Pnncefs of Oi;ange,.

Ordered, That the said Address bo preferred to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of This Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Lord Rarr/wg/0#.presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command, , }

Estimate of the Charge of 19,012 Men, the Troops of the Landgrave of liejffe Cajfcl, in the Pay Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty, for the Year 1759.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read;

The laid Estimate is as followed!; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 19,012 Men, the Troops of the Landgrave of Ileffe Cassel, in The Pay <of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty, for the Year 1759.

-u.----- 1 L±

Numbers. £ ' 'i. d.

365 Days German Pay for 2,120 Cavalry, with General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitai, from the 25th Day of December 1758, to the 24th Day of December 175q - - - -365 Days German Pay for 9,900 Infantry, with the Officers and other? belonging to the Train of Artiilery, from the 25th Day of December 1758, to the 24th Day . , of December 1759 - -365 Days ordinary Subsidy,at the Rate of 225,000 Crowns a Year, from the 25th Day of December 1758, ttythe 24th Day of December 1759 - r / .2.120 "9.900 > - PA 66,770, 5 .4* 120,986 6 9y .* 140 12 6

Already granted by Parliament for this Service ' . 90 Days Pay and Subsidy to the 24th of March 1759 - , - - 12*020 241,897 4 8 59>$46 1

Remains to be provided - -365 Days German Pay for an additional Corps of 920 Horse, and 6,072 Foot, with General and Staff Officers, Officers of the Hospitai, and\ Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, from the ill Day of January 1759 to the 31st Day of December following - 6,992 *P! 1.3 182,251 2. 11} 97,582.17 IOf

Total - - .; 19,012 279,834 — 9t

War Office, 22d January 1759. " *T

Barrington.

Vol. 28. . ~ 5® ' Ordered,

Ways and Means.

Death of the Princess of Orange.

Estimate

of

Hellian

Troops

37° 22° Januarii. A. 1759*

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the A Petition oiHejter Arthur, Spinster, Owner of the Redncft Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Rectory Impropriate and Great Tythes, arising or grow*

ing within the Township of Redness, in the County of iflCtoferc, Bridgewater A Petition of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the York; James Stovin, Esquire, Owner of Part of the Great

Roads. Hundred of Catfash and Whitley, in the County of Tythes within the Township of Swinejleet, in the said Somerset; and also of the Trustces of the Somerton, Lang- Counly, and also of all the Small Tythes arising within port, and Bravion, Turnpike Roads in the said County, the said Townships of Redness and Swinejleet-, John Dunn, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to and Jonathan Dunn, Owners of other Part of the Great the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition of Tythes within the said Township of Swinejleet; Cornelius divers Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of Stovin, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Whitgift, of the Town and Borough of Bridgewater, and of the which the said Townships of Redness and Swinejleet are County of Somerset, hath been presented, for Leave to Parcel; and of the several other Persons, whose Names bring in a Bill for making, repairing, and amending, the are thereuntoJsubscribed, OwnersofMefluagei, Cottages, several Roads therein mentioned, and particularly the Frontfieads, and Lands, within the said several Town-Road from the East Gate of Bridgewater, to Crandon ships, having Right of Common in and upon certain open Bridge, in the Parish of Bawdrip, in the said County of and uninclosed Commons, called Redness and Swinejleet Somerset; and from thence through the several Parishes Commons, which said Commons are undivided betwixt of Bawdrip, Cojfington, Stawdl, Chilton, Edington, Cat- the said Townships, and the Boundaries thereof unknown; cott, and Shapwick, in the said County, to Ripers Inn, in was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Parish of Aijhcott, in the same County, where it joins the said Commons contain One thousand Two hundred the Wells Turn pike Road; which Bill, the Petitioners Acres, or thereabouts; and alleging, that if the famewere allege, they are desirous may pass into a Law; and set- divided and inclosed, they would be very useful and conting forth, that the Road from Pipers Inn aforesaid, venient for the carrying on of Husbandry, and keeping through the Parishes of Waltoiijtreet, Compton, Dunden, a Stock of Cattle, and that other Improvements might--and Butleigh, to a certain House called Kingweston Inn, be made thereby; and that the Petitioners have agreed to in the Parish of Kingweston, all in the said County of divide and inclose the said Commons, and have each Pro-Somerset, is at present in many Places very narrow, in prietor’s Share and Proportion thereof allotted to him in others steep and rocky, in others deep and founderous, Severalty, a separate Allotment thereout first to be made and the whole incommodious and dangerous to Travel- to the several Owners of the Great and Small Tythes to lers, and cannot be effectually amended and widened by arise in and upon the said Commons: And therefore pray-the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, ing the House, That I-eave may be given to bring in a That the said Road from Pipers Inn to Kingweston Inn, Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons, accord-may be included in the said Bill, to be amended, ing to each Persons Right in the fame; and for other the widened, and repaired, under such Powers and Reflric- Purposes aforesaid, in pursuance of and conformable to, tions, as to the House shall seem meet. Articles entered into by the Petitioners for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordei'ed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of Sir George Savile and Mr. Hewett do prepare, and bring the Town and Borough of Bridgeivater, and of the in, the fame.

County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred; And that they do examine the A Bill for naturalizing Cafper Schombart, John §chombart, Mattel of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall Spitta, Gyfbert Van Voorft, Frederic de Chevrigjiy, &c.

appear to them, to the House. Conrad Harkfen, Christopher Strothqjf, and Jqfpsr Nau

Lawrence Richter, was read a Second time.

Salford Mr. Rigby presented to the House, according to Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ky~

£anal. Order, a Bill to enable the most Noble Francis Duke of naston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Staunton, Sir John Cufi, Mr.

Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal from a Fonereau, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

certain Place in the Township of Salford, to or near Fclloives, Sir Frances Poole, Mr. Hewett, Sir JohnGordon,

Worjley Mill and Middlewood, in the Manor of Worjley, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Geo. Onslow, and to or near a Place called Hotlin Ferry, in the County Mr. Ryder, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Moore, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Palatine of Lancaster; And the same was received; and Northey, Sir William Owen, Mr. Fuller, 'Mr. Affleck, read the First time. Mr. Hammond, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Berkeley,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Lord North, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Kent, Mr. Ellis, Mr.

Molyneux, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Butler, Sir Willoughby Staunton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Mon, Mr. Hill, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Trift, Mr. laciolurc. Meadows, common Pasture and waste Grounds, in the Gybbon, Mr. Forrejter, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Alderman Manor and Parish of Staunton, in the County of Not- Beckford, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Shirley, Mr.

tingham, was read a Second time. Plummer, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Plumtre, Sir

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Molyneux, John Crojfe, Mr. Foley, General Cormoallis, Mr. Elliott,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Smith, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Olmius, Sir Matthew Lambe: And Medlycott, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cocks, Mr. they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock,

Feltowes, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Crojfe, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr, Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Mr. More, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Hill, Sir Mattheto Lambe, Mr. Palmer, Sir Francis Admiral Bofcazven, from the Commissioners for exe- Contr| ti Poole, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great foT Lyster, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Buller, Mr. Warren, Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Naval Stores Mr. Foley, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Address to his Majesty,

gtier, Mr. Shelley, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Rose Fuller, Copies of all the Contracts that have been made in rd Strange, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Shirley, Europe, or elsewhere, with any Person or Persons, to Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr Lade, supply his Majesty with Materials or Stores for the Uie Mr. Barrow, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lewis, Mr. of his Navy, from the lft January 1753, to the ift Nugent, Mr. Finch, Mr. Elliott, Admiral Bofcawen, January 17 58, or to the latest Accounts received refne^-Sir Lionel Pilkington. Lord Verney, Sir Charles Kemys ing the fame: And also,

Tynte-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties Copies of such Contraa, or Contrafts, that have been

of Nottingham, York, and Lincoln: And they are to made with any Person or Persons in Europe, or elsewhere meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the to fumifli for his Majesty’s Service any Vessel or Vessels Speaker’s Chamber. for Transports, Tenders, or other Purposes, from ift

January

32 Geo. II. 2t° Januariu

January 1753 to ift January 1758, or to the latest Accounts received; to which said Copies are annexed, the Services such Vessels, so contracted for, were employed in, the Time they lay upon Demurrage, and when they were discharged from his Majesty’s Service: And also. Copies of all Contracts that have been made for Provisions, and dry and other Stores for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, from the ift of January 1753 to the ill of January 1758.

Admiral Bofcawen also, from the Com mi (boners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, An Account of all the damaged, dry, and other Stores and Provisions, that have been condemned in any of his Majesty’s Storehouses, or on board any of his Majesty’s Ships, Frigates, Sloops of War, Tenders, or Transports, either at home or abroad, from the id January 1753, to the ift January 1758, so far as the last Accounts received reflecting the fame, particularly pointing out the different Species of such Stores and Provisions, their original Cod, and what they fold for: And also. Accounts of all the condemned Materials and Stores, that have been deemed unfit for Service on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels of War, or other Vessels employed therein} likewise an Abcount of all the condemned Stores and Materials, that have been deemed unfit for Service in his Majesty’s Yards, Docks, or in any other Place in Europe, or elsewhere, from the ift January 1753* to 1 January 1758, or to the latest Accounts received respecting the fame; with a particular Account in what manner the said condemned Stores and Materials have been disposed of, and of such Sum or Sums of Money that have been received for the said condemned Stores and Materials, from ill January 1753, to 1 d January 1758, and to what Uses the said Money has been appropriated.

Together with Schedules of the Books and Papers, containing the said Copies and Accounts.

And the said Schedules weiQ read.

Ordered, That the said Books and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be nerufed by the Members of the House.

The said Books and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Accounts of Admiral Bofcawen, from the Commissioners for exe-Stimcn, &e. cuting the Office of Ix>rd High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House a Paper, intituled, Return of the tbmmissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, to an Order of the honourable House of (Commons of the 24th of May 1758, directing, "That the proper Officer or Officers u do prepare, in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, an Abcount of the " Number of Men pressed into the Service of his Majesty’s Navy, from Ships belonging to Great Britain u in the Merchants Service, returning from any of his Majesty’s Plantations or foreign Parts or Places, to " any Port or Place in Great Britain, from Christmas " 1754 to Christmas 1757, with the Name of each such " Ship, and the Port she was bound to, with the Num-<c her of Men pressed from each Ship 3 distinguishing " the Account of each Year."

And the said Return was read.

Admiral Bofcawen also, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Rrz/tfi«,presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Paper, intituled, " Accounts of the Number of " Men and Boys protebled by the principal Officers and w Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1757* setting forth the different r u Services for which such Persons were intended to be '* protebled, and w hat Number of them have been forcibly pressed into the Service of his Majesty’s Navy, " notwithstanding their being so protebled; distinguiwing the Number protebled for Ships outward-bound ' on distant Voyages or foreign Countries, from those ?c for Ships or Vessels making short Voyages, or using " the Coasting Trade; distinguishing likewise those 1 " granted to Boatmen, Bargemen, or others working Vol. 28.

( 4 4

w on the Water in fraall Craft, together with those " granted to private Ship-builders, Boat-builders, Riggers, or others, for the Protection of Artificers, Sear " men, Labourers, or others employed by them; as " also those granted to the Artificers, Labourers, or " others, working for his Majesty’s Service, in and " about his Majesty’s Dock Yards, with the Total " Number of Persons protebled in each Year."

Together with a special Return from the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, with respect to some Parts of the said Accounts: And also,

An Account of the Number of Men and Boys protebled by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, exclusive of those protebled by Abt of Parliament from Christmas 1753» to Christmas 1757; setting forth the different Services for which such Persons were intended to be protebled, and what Number of them have been forcibly pressed into the Service of his Majesty’s Navy, notwithstanding the ir* being so protebled; distinguishing the Number protebled for Ships outward-bound on distant Voyages to his Majesty’s Plantations, or foreign Countries, from those for Ships or Vessels making short Voyages, or using the Coasting Trade; distinguishing likewise those granted to the Magistrates of Corporations, for the Use of the Members thereof; as also those granted for Fifti-ermen, Boatmen, Bargemen, or others, working on the Water in small Craft; together with those granted to private Ship-builders, Boat-builders, Riggers, or others, for the Protection of Artificers, Seamen, Labourers, or others employed by them; as also those granted to the Artificers, Labourers, or others, working for his Majesty’s Service, in and about his Majesty’s Dock Yards; distinguishing the Total Number of Persons protebled in each Year.

Together with a special Return from the said Commissioners, with respectto some Part of the said Account.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

And the said special Returns were also read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, lo be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read} and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Nine hundred Fifty-eight Pounds, Nineteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying jthe Charge for Allowances to thefeveralOfficers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of I Jorfe, reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1759.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-four thousand Three hundred Sixty-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1759.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, for the Year 1759.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 22c! Southwark

Year Small Debti.

37*

2 2° — -25*°

A- irj$y.

African

Company.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Ye&t^of his present Majesiv’s Reign, intituled, Ari A cl for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts wittiiu the Town arid Borough of Southwark, and the several Parhhes of Saint Savidur, Saint Mary at Nnv-irtgton, SHt)U Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ Church, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Bother hithe, in the County of Surrey, and the several Pfecinfts and Liberties of the fame; and for extending the Powers arid Provisions of the fairl Act to the Parishes of Street-/ , Clap ham, and Cambetioell, and t fie Manor Of Hatch am, and the Pari ill of Sdiiit Paul, Deptford; in the JaidCotihty; was read a Second tiriie.

Ref bleed. That the Bill be committed to Mr. IfamT vwnd, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Townffield, Mr. Alderman Beck ford, Mr. Foley, Lord Strait#?, Mr. Nugent, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Butler, Sir John Cufi, M r. Thornton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Frhncis Drake, Mr. Palnier^- Mr. Withinfon, Mr. Kynafou, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Harvey, Sir James Cfccd, Mr. Havel I, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Bankes, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Berkeley; Mr. Coventry, Mr. Sewell, Mr. Webb, Mr. More, Mr: Wilkes, Mr. How dr d, Mr. Alderman Dick-inf on, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cookey Mr. Hume, Mr. Claytdn, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Gafhrij, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr’ Forrefier, Mr, Campbell, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fo~ nereati, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Shirlcij, Lord North, Mr. MortoU, Lord Veiney, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Vyner, junior, the Lord Mayor of London, Sir Matthew Lambc; and all the Members who serve for the Counties df Siirref, Kent, Middlesex, and Essex; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

' The House being informed, That Mr. Poirier, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door;

fie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A I^aper, intituled, Anno 1757, "The Account of " die Committee of the Company of Merchants trading <c to Africa, distinguishing every Article of Expence " under its proper Title."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other V Papers of this Session.

The other. Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That t his House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ploufe, tocorifider further of the Supply granted to his

Resolved, That this House will, itpori Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerfurther of Ways arid Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrwv Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Answer to Address.

Mart is, 2 30 die Januarii \

Anno 320 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759. Prayers.

T H E Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That their Address of Yefteraay hid been presented to ftis Majesty; and that his Majesty is pleased to return his Thanks to this House, for the Concern they have expressed for the great Loss which has happened in his Family by the Death of his Daughter the Princess Account of Priitttefs of Orange.

Militia The House being informed, That some of the Com-\PaS* -miffiohers of Taxes ‘the'Dooh '

LttdTfcU 15

They were called in; and, at the Bar*, presented to thd House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of «a!l Stimfc of Money that have been blued by, and of all Demands that have Been madefon, any Receiver General of the Land Tax, on or before the 23d of November 1758, by virtue of any Warrants from the Commifiioriers of his MajestyVTreafuvy, or by any Draughts of any of his Majesty’s Lieutenants,- or Be*, putv Lieutenants, of any County, Riding, or Place, iti pursuance of an1 Act of the 31st Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for -applying the: Money granted by Parlforhertt, towards defraying the Charge of Pavand Cloathing for the Militia, for the Yea/1.1758; and for defraying flie Expenses' incurred on aecoliiit of the Militia in the Year 1757. - r* "

And then they withdrew.:

-And the Title of the Ibid.Account wa^ read. ‘ Ordered, That the fold Account do lie upon1 the Table, to be perused the Members of the House;

The said Account i*s pveferved anfongfl the other ’ Papers of this SessionJ

A Petition of Jallies Upfdale, Walter Barf oat, Sarkttel Sturbington, William Horntr, and others; whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open and common Fields and Downs in the Tything of Act 1 don, in the Parish of Bishops-Waltham, in the-CoifriW of Southampton; and also the open and common Fields and Downs in the Tything of Wiwdcottj within the Pa<» rish of Vpham, in the County aforesaid, -lying near and adjoining to the open and common Fields and Downs within the said Parish of Bishops Waltham aforesaid, was presented to the House and read; alleging, that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners iti the said Fields and Downs, lie intermixed and dilperfed, in final) Parcels, and, in their preferrt Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that if the said Fields and Downs were divided and indoled, and Specific Shares allotted to the Proprietors thereof, according to their respoftive Interests therein, it would be a great Improvement of their several Properties, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fii4d*Uand -Downs, in Inch Manner as to the House shall feerfc ttieft'.

Ordered, Thai Leave be given to bring in*a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of thefoid Petition: Awfl that Mr. Thistlethwhyis and Mr. If ebb do prepay atlfi bring in, thefanld. v > ? n-. *:

A Petition.of the print ipal.J^nhabitants of the T'owus of Ilminster, Crexohtrne, Yeovill, Chard, I^angport, Eafi-over, and South Pct'herlon, in the County of Somerset; and of the principal Inhabitants of the several I^aritlies of Ashill, Broadway, Demy at, lit on, Stocklinch, Magdalen, Puckington, jjle Brewers, Earnfhill, Curry Rivall, Kingslone, Dinning ton, Chillingfon, Odcombe, Mont acute. Stoke- u n de 7 - Ham do n, Norton, SeavingtQn Saint 'Mary, Seavinglon Saint Michael, Shepton Beauchamp, and White Lackingtom, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road fr+om the East End of the Town of Chard, in the County w aforesaid, through the Town of tlminster, to the South End of a Moor, commonly called West, Moor, in the said County; and the Road from the End of the Yeovill Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Brimpton,

Bishops

Waltham

Inclosure.

Chard

Hoads.

the lower Way through the Parishes of Odcombe, Mont acute, East and West Stoke, over South P ether ton Bridge, through the Town of Ilminster, to a Place called Kenny Gate, in the Parish of Ashill, in the County aforesaid; and the Road from the End of Pease Marfk Lane, in the Parish of Ilminster} through the Parish of Donyat, to a Place called Horton Elm, in the said Parish of tlminster \ anc1;ihe Road from the Turnpike Road on Saint Bane Hill, in the County aforesaid, through Ning-jlorie,‘to the said Town of llminster; and from a certain cross Road, called the While Cross, near Lopen, through nTie Parish of Dihnington, to the Turnpike Road on

Chillington

Wye

Navigation.

A Member takc6 Oattis.

Wye

Navigation.

32 Geo. II. 23 Janua373

Chfllington Down, in the County aforesaid, are in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places very narrow and incommodious, and liableto be overflowed and annoyed with Water; and thatthe said Roadscannot beefledually amended and widened by the ordinary Conrfe appointed Law: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave for a Bill to be brought in for repairing, amending, and widening, the said Roads.

Ordered, Thatthesaid Petition bereferred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord North, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Sargent, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Young, Mr. Ridley, Si rjohn CrofJe.Mr. Molyneux, Sir Edward Walpole, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Charlton, Mr. M abbot t. Sir Geo. Mont go* menj Metham, Mr. Ilewett, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Hammond, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Jones, Mr. Geo. Onjlozv, Mr. Townshend, Lord Strange, Mr. Plummer, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Freeman, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Alexander, Sir Win. Beauchamp Proctor, Nl\\ Pitt, Sir Nathaniel Curzon, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fane, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Shelley, Lord Middleton, Mr. Powell. Mr. Yorke, Mr. Vernon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Cumberland, Dorset, Westmoreland, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of thelnhabitants of the Towns of Godalming, Haslemere, Midhurst, Petworth, Peters field, Hambledon, Witley, Milford, Thurstey, Cladding fold. North Chapel, Dunsfold, Hafcomb, Eljlead, Pepper It arrow, Withorough Green, Kirdford, Lurga shall, Fern* hurst, Lodfivorth, Eafebum, Tillington, Woolbedding, Stedham, Trot ten, Rogate, Headley, Bramflott, Liphooke, Plai/bw,nt\d Frenfham, in the Counties of Surrey, Suffer, and Southampton, and of several others. Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said Counties of Surrey, Suffer, and Smi/hampfoti, was presented to the House:

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oai hs, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Adjuration, pursuant to the I^avvs made for those Purposes;

The said Petition was read; setting forth, That inpur-fuance of a pretended Act, made the 26th Day of June, in the Year 1651, for making navigable the River Wye, alias Wtnj, in the County of Sutrcy; and of an Act passed in the 2 id and 23d Years of the Reign of King Charier the Second, lor preserving and settling the River Wet/, in the County of Surrey, the said River has been made and continued navigable from Guildford, in the said County of Surrey, to the River of Thames', and alleging, that if the said Navigation was continued from the Place at or near to the Town of Guildford, to which the same is at present navigable, to the Town of Godalming, in the said County, it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of great Part of the Counties of Su7Tey, Sif/ex,^nd Southampton, as well as to the Public iu general: And therefore, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, lor extending the Navigation of the said River to the said Town of Godalmitig, under such Regulations as to the House shall l’cem meet.

Ordered, That the ibid Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they, do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Webb, Mr. Butler, Mr. Geo. Onfuxv, Mi. Free matt, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. I a; tier, Mr. Hunger, Lord Rultcney, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Citfi, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Willis, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Calvert, Mr R ofe Fuller, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Nu*

Vol. 28.

gait, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Thom-ton, Mr. Drake, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Curzon, Mr Harvey, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Bond, Kir. Cr after, Mr. Thistlethwayte, Mr. Delaml, Mr. Moore, Lord Middleton, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Smith, Mr. White, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Probyn, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Sargent, Sir John Act ley, Mr. Sandy s, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. IIexcel t. Sir Robci't Ilildyard, Nlr.Bankes, Mr. Gore, Mr Barrow, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Jones, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Mabbot7, the Earl of Thomond, Mr. Hervey, Sir John Elwell, M r. Dicker, Lord Strange, Mr. Lewis; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Southampton, Stif sex, Middlesex, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come are to have Voices.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabit* tants, living near the higfi Road leading from the Market Town of Macclesfield, through Macclesfield Forest, in the County of Chester, to Buxton, in the County of Derby, whose Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read 5 setting forth. That the said Road is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Macclesfield, through Macclesfield Forest, iii the County of Chester, to Buxton, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to, the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Meredith, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Rd. Lloyd, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Webb, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Geo. Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Ryder, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. II arbor d, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Thyntie, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Symons, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Heicett, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Willes, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Freemen, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Smith, Mr. Edioard Nugent, Mr. Hanger, Sir John llinde Cotton, Mr. Fuller, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Nor they. Lord North, Mr. More, Sir Lionel Pilkingtom, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Vcmcy, Mr. Hume, Mr. Luttrell, Mr, Plummer, Sir John Cust, Mr. Moore, Mr. Geo. Onjloio, Mr. Hill, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Delaval, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Drake, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Clayton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Chester, Lan-cqftert and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the high Road leading from Mansfield, in the said County of Nottingham, to Stoney Bridge, at the End of Hajland Liberty, near Chesterfield, in the said County of Derby, is, from the Narrow-ness of the Road in some Places, and from the Badnef$ of the Soil, and Number of heavy Carriages going thereon, become extremely deep and dangerous, ana cannot be effectually amended, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectually repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House f

And it is referred to Mr. Ilewett, Mr. York, Mr.

5 C Fuller,

Macclesfield

to

Buxton

Road.

Mansfield,

See.

Road.

374 . 3 3 — *4*

Fuller, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Jo/z?? CVz/?, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Vanftttart, Mr. Alexander, Sir Crqffe, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Wilkes,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lilttrell, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Smith, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Fonerean, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Medlycotf., Sir Willoughby Act on. Mr. More, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Hume, Mr. Oftoald, Mr. Bankes, Sir Montgomeiy Metham, Mr. Webb, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Wittes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mannin APettfcion of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Borough ,thcfby,. of Scarborough, in the County of York, and also of the Merchants, Owners, and Commanders, of Ships of the same Borough, whose Names are thereto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and' others, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for the more effectually manning his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships and Vessels in the Merchants Service; and alleging, that the Petitioners conceive, that the several new Powers vested in, and the several Penalties inflicted by, the said Bill, WilT prove prejudicial to Trade and Navigation: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heafcf by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

until the said Bill be read a Second time.


And then the House adjourned till To-morow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 240 die Januarii;

Anno 320 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

Liocolnshire a PETITION of several of the Trustees for putting in 03 s* Execution' an Act, made in the izth Year of.his

present Majesty’s Reigp, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North-weft Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Net Ham Fields, Wragby-Lane, and Ifaumbsr Fields, to the Wolds, or North-eaii Part of the said County; and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Persons, Inhabitants of thesaidCounty, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That the Tolls and Powers, by the said Act granted* were to have Continuance from the 24th Day of June 1759* for the Term of Twenty-one Yeirs, and alleging, that, notwithstanding the Sum of Nine hundred Pounds or up-; wards, together with the Monies received by virtue of the said Act, have been applied in Repair of the said Roads* and Execution of the Powers in the said Act contained, the said Roads ace'in many Parts in very bad Repair, , and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless other and larger Tolls are granted* and the said Act further continued, amended, enforced, and rendered more effectual; and setting forth, that the Roads leading from the Well in Eastgate, in the City of Lincoln, through Lincoln Field, and from the North-weft End of Horn Castle, from the House in the Tenure of Mr. Dejiham Atkinson; and also from the Guide Post at the East End of Hainton, through Hainton Inclosure, and through the Parishes of EastBarkwith, and West Barkzvith, into the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, are ina ruinous Condition, and in forne Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for I*

Januarii. 59.

enlarging the said Term, and for amending, enforcing, and rendering more effectual, the said Act, and also for repairing the said Roads, in stich Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, that the said Petition be referred to the Coil* sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vyner, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cart* wright, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Barrow,

Mr. Gulflon, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fisheiy Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Rose Fuller, Lord Strange, Mr. Staunton, Lord North, Mr. Fane, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Scott,

Mr. Vyner junior, Mr. Harvey, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Nor they, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Jones, Mr. Lewis, Mr. More,

Mr. Locke, Mr. Pole, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Trift,

Mr. Alexander, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Nugent,

Mr. Sy?nons 5 and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Leicester, Nottingham, and York:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Baron, Bailie, and others, Inhabit- Kelso ants of the Town of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, Two Penia was presented to the House, and read; fetti ng forth, That the Petitioners and others did, by voluntary Subscription, in the Year 1752, begin to build a Bridge across the River Tweed, near the said Town of Kelso, iix Arches of which are completed; but the said Subscription-money falling short, the Petitioners are become in Arrear to divers Persons employed by them, and have no Fund for discharging such Arrear, nor for carrying on the said Work, which is of great Utility to the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country, and to the Public in general; and that the Streets in the said Town are in a ruinous Condition, and the Inhabitants at present in great Want of fresh and wholesome Water, which the Petitioners allege might easily be obtained, if a ftifficient Fund was raised for defraying the Expence of conveying the same to the said Town; and that the Poor of the said Town are of late become very numerous, and that there is aNeeeffity of building a Workhouse for their Support and Maintenance; but that the Petitioners are unable to defray the Expence of the aforesaid publ ic Works, there being no Revenue whatever belonging to the said Town: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring iu a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One* fixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Scotch Pint of Ale,

Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale or vended within the said Town and Parish of Kelso, to be applied for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Terms, and with such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Lord Strange, Mr. Vyner,

Lord North, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Charles Townshend of Yarmouth, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Geo. Sack* ville, Mr. Medlycotf Sir John Crqffe, Mr. More, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Molyneux^ Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Jones, General Cornwallis, Mr. Fane, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Symons,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Rozoney, Sir John Cust, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Smith, Admiral Totonfttend, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hume, Mr. Willey, Mr. Bacon, Sir Henry Sling/by, Mr. Sandysi Sir John Turner,

Mr. More, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Ward, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Lyfler, Sir Robert Long; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

A Petition

Plunkett*

and

Knox’s

Eftaics.

3 2 Geo. II. 24® — 6i 5 Janmnu $7$'

A Petition of Arthur Plimkett,}&<\mres and James Pltob' *v >

£e//, Esquire, his eldest Son and Heir Apparent, and John JfOVl$y 2§° Chg j&tttfCiFfl } , 1; ,

W, Esquire, Son and Hen^ Arthur Knox, Esquire, Anno 32" Georgii II. Regis, 1759. ':

deceased, was presented to the House, and read; reciting*

That by Articles of Agreement, bearing Date on or Prayers.

about the i oth Day of November, 1741, between Jeffery ft R. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to Schombart’s,

French, Esquire, for and on Behalf of himself and the 1VA whom the Bill for naturalizing Caspar Scomhart, &c.

said Arthur Plunkett, on the one Part; and William Knox, John Spit.ta, Gyjbert Van Voorfi, Frederic de Chevrigny, Nat*

Esquire, for and on Behalf of the said Arthur Knox9 Conrad Harkjen, Christopher Strothoff, and Jasper Law-

Esquire, on the other Part; it was agreed, that the Petiti- rence Richter, wascommitted, That the Committee had

tioner ArthurPlunkettihonXd release and convey the Pee- examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same

Ample and Inheritance of divers Towtfs, Lands, Tene- to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to

rtients, and Hereditaments, in the CountyofRofcommon, report the Bill to the Hottfe, without any Amendment;

in the Kingdom of Ireland, therein mentioned and de- and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. *’

feribed, unto the said Arthur Knox, and his Heirs, for Ordered:,‘ That the Bill be ingtoffed.

and in Consideration of the Sum of^.14,613; andalleg- ’ 1

ing,that it beingdifeoveredfoonafterthesaid Agreement,* A Petitibh of the principal Inhabitants of the Manor Norton

that the Reversion in Fee-simple of the Premises was and Liberty of'Norton Falgate, other wise Norton Folley^ Falgare

vested in the Crown, and that therefore the said Contract in the County of MiddlefekyOU Behalf of thetoselves, and Pav,n& *c*

and Agreement could not take Effect, an Act of Parlia- thereft of thelhhabitants of the said Manor and Liberty,

ment was obtained in the 16th Year of the Reign of his was prefen ted to the House, and read; letting forth,"

present Majesty, for veiling the said Remainder in Fee in That the saidManor and JLiberty contains many Streets

Trustees, to join with the said Arthur Plunkett, or his and open Places, which at present have no Lamps

Heirs, in the Saleand ConveyanceofthePremiffestoOne therein* except what are put up at forine few private

or moreProtestant Purchaser or Purchasers, in Fee-simple, PerlbnsDoors, for their own Accommodation,and except

for the Purposes therein mentioned, freed and discharged what are set up in a small Part of the said Manor arid*

of and from the said forfeited Remainderin Fee, so veiled Liberty, which lies in Shoreditch Parish, which is lighted

in the Crown and also alleging, that the said Act de- and watched under an Act of Parliament lately pafifed;

dared, that the said Remainder in Fee, expedant as but in the rest of the said Manor and Liberty, th£ few

aforesaid, of and in such Part of the Premilfes as should Watchmen employed are only paid by voluntary Con-

not, inpurfuant thereof,be actually fold and conveyed tributions of some of the Inhabitants; and alleging

to One or more Protestant Purchaser or Purchasers, and that it would be for the public Utility to have a fuf-

such Conveyance duly registered in the Kingdom of Ire- ficient and well-regulated Watch, throughout the faits

tod, on or before the 29th Day of September 1750,should whole Manor and Liberty; and that all- the Streets*

be veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and Squares* Lanes, Courts, and other Places, within the said'

that the said Arthur Knox is dead, and his Right, Interest, Manor and Liberty* lying out of Shoreditch Parish,

and Property, of, in, and to, the Premises focontrafted should be properly enlightened and well paved, and tllfe

for, did, upon his Death, devolve upon, and become Dirt and Soil,from time to time,carried away thOrefrom

relied in, the Petitioner John Knox, his eldest Son and by proper Scavengers, to be for thafcPurpose appointed:

Heir; and that since the passing the said Act, several And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Disputes and Controverlies have arisen between the Peti bring in a Bill for the Purposesaforesaid, under such Re-tioners, and divers Suits have been commenced and pro- gulations as to the House shall seem meet, fecuted in the Court of Chancery in Ireland, concerning Ordered) That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

tile said Articles of Agreement, and the several Estates federation Of a Committee: And that they do examine and Interests of the said Parties, in the Premilfes therein- the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap-mentioned to be contracted for; and thereby the Time pear to them, to the House:

limited by the said Act, for conveying the same Pre- And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Dickinfoi1, Sir milfes to a Protestant Purchaser, is now elapsed, and the Francis Pooley Mr. Jenningsy Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Remainder in Fee-limpie, thereby veiled in Trustees for Hewetty Sir John Cujl, Mr. Bacon, Sir Willoughby Afion, the Purpose of such Sale, hath reverted to, and devolved Mr. Kent, Sir Geo. Saviley Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Vanjil-upon, his Majesty; and that the Petitioners, Arthur to/, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Thorolan, Mr. Crafer,

Plunkett and James Plunketty are willing and desirous Mr. ProivJ'e, Sir John Lade, Mr. Sandys, Sir Nathaniel that the said Articles should be carried into Execution, Curzon, Mr. Symons, Lord North, Mr. Butler, Mr. and to join in proper Conveyances of the Premilfes so Walter, Mr. Bankes, Mr.: Grosvenor, Mr. Townshend, contracted for: But as the same cannot be elfefted with- Lord Digby, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Lockyer, Mn Molyneux, out the of Aid Parliament, therefore praying, That Leave Mr. Ward, Mr. Kynaston, Admiral Saunders, Mr. FeG may be given to bring in a Bill, for giving further Time loioes. Lord Carpenter, Mr. Fane, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. for the Sale and Disposition of the said Remainder in Fee Romney, Sir Percy Brett, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Crofje,. in the Crown, for the Purposes of the said former Act. Mr. Alexander, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Thornton, Sir A Motion was made, and a Question being put, that James Creed, Mr. Fonereau, SWRobertLong, Mr. Plum-Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer mer, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Lyjtcr, Mr. of the said Petition; Moore, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Calthorpe,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Gybbon, Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty Mr. Fuller, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Luttrell, Sir Charles having been informed of the Contents of the said Peti- Kemys Tynte, Mr. Gore, Lord Strange, Mr. Scott, Mr. tion, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest Willy, Mr. Jones; and all the Members who serve for is concerned, that the House may do therein as they the Counties of Middlesex, Fi(jex, Hertford, and Cto*-shall think fit. bridge; and for the City of London: And they are to

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur- meet this Afternoon at Fivh of the Clock, in? the Speak-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. er’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Wilkes, Mr. Sandys, and Mr. Luttrell, do prepare, and Papers, and Records, bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Ma- Dewflnjry And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow nufefturers, Traders, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, to

Morning, Nine of the Clock. Coal Mines, and other Mines and Quarries, in the fe- fiaiand

veral Parishes and Townships of Ealand, RaJl rick, Fixhy, Kirkheatan, Huddetifield, Bradley, HarliJhead, Gltfton%

Vox.. 28. Mirfield,

Wilbraham’a

Name.

Great

Glen

Inclosurt.

376 Januarii. A., 1759.

Mir fold, Derr/bury, and other Places adjacent, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Highway leading from Deivsbury to Ealand, aforesaid, through Mirjicld, over Mirfield Moor, and through Bradley Lane, some Part whereof is over steep Hills, and other Parts through narrow Lanes and deep hollow Ways, is become so ruinous and dangerous, that it cannot be repaired and kept in Repair, so as to be made passable with Safety and Conve-liiencein the Winter and rainy Seasons, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the GonfidCration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilkinfony Mr. Townshend, Lord Verney; M t. Hewett, Lord Garys forty Mr. Pelham, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Harris, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Robert Ilildyard, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Vanfitlariy Mr. Proxvfc, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. PiU, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Smith, Mr. Walter, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Gore, Mr Peachy, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bacon, Lord North, Mr. Sandys, Sir WilloUghby Aston, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bankes, Sir John Cust, Mr. Ryder, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Plummer, Mr.* Lyfler, Mr. Buller, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. More, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Wm. BeauchampProBor, Mr. Probyn, Mr Butler, Mr. Fonereau; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Lancaster, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lane and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, establishing, and confirming, the Surname and Arms of Bootle, unto Richard Wilbraham Bootle, Esquire, formerly called Richai'd Wilbraham, and Mary Wilbraham Bootle, his Wife, and their Issue, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Bootle, Knight, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Aud then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of William Hewett, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of the Nether or South End of Great Glen, in the County of Leicester, Impropriator of the great Tythes there, Patron of the perpetual Advowson of the Vicarage and Church of Great Glen aforesaid, and a Proprietor of more than One-fourth Part of the Land in the openFields thereof; Caleb Robinson, Clerk, Vicar of the said Vicarage; and George Cooper, William Young, Green Hodgkin, and others, Proprietors of Lands in the said Fields; was

Erefenled to the House, and read; alleging, That the ,ands of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; but if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties interested, it would be a great Benefit to them, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, in such Manlier as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the 1 ord George Manners, the Lord George Cavevdish, and Mr. Hewett, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Bolton upon

Dearne, with Goldthoipe, ill the County of York; and al so of the Freeholders, Ownersand Proprietors of I^itids in the open and common Fields, Cattle Gates, and Commons, within, and Parcel of, the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor, Three uuinclosed common Fields, known by the Names of Ingfield, Canfield, and ljswfield, and also a large common Meadow known by the Name of Bolton-1ngs, and Two Pieces of open and uninclosed Ground, or liinted- Pafiures, kpown by the Name of the Goo/e Holme, and the Carr Common, being Hinted and occupied in Cattle Gates; and also One great Common or Moor, called Bolton Common, and One small Common or Moor, being Part of Carr Common, containing 194 Acres, or thereabouts, not stinted which said Fields, common Meadows, Hinted Failures, and Commons, contain in the Whole, by Estimation, 1000 Acres, or thereabouts; and alleging, that the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of several of the I^ands, Grounds, Cattle Gates, and Commons, within the Feilds and Places aforementioned; and that the Petitionerssaid several Lands ami Grounds, wit hin the said Fields and Meadow, lie intermixed and dispersed in final! Parcels, and very inconvenient for Agriculture; and that the said Pieces of Ground, or stinted Pastures and Commons, in their present State,are of inconsiderable Value to the Petitioner*; and the said several Lands, Grounds, and Commons, so long as they lie open and uninclosed, are very disadvantageous to the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, and in their present Situation are, in a great Measure, incapable of Improvement, and will be of great Advantage to the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, if inclosed and divided into just Allotments and Proportions: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the inclosing and dividing the said common Fields, common Meadow, stinted Pastures and Commons, according to every PerfoiVs Right therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Hewett do prepare and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, ClergyjGen-tlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and inhabitants, of the Towns of Nottingham, Derby, and Grantham, and in several other Towns and Places in the several Counties of Nottingham, Derby, Lincoln, and Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Hoilfe, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford in the County of Leicester, and by the l ow ns of Elton, Whatten, Bingham, and Radcliffe, in the county of 'Nottingham, to Trent Bridge; and also the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, through the Towns of Len-ton and Stapleford, in the said County of Nottingham, and through the Towns of Rifley, Borough-wq/h, and Part of the Town of Chaddefden in the County of Derby, to St.Mary's Bridge, in the said Town of Derby, are become so ruinous and bad, that, in the Winter Season, some Parts thereof are almost impassable for Carriages, and Very dangerous for loaded Horses and Travellers, and iu many Places so narrow, at to render the same very incommodious and dangerous to Passengers: And in regard the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Courfo provided by Law, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the amending,' widening, and keeping iu Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is ref r<eJ to Sir John Cufl, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Percy Brett, Mr. Sandys, Lord Geo. Cavcmiljh, Mr.

More,

Bolton

upon

Dearne

ioclolure.

Granthira

Road.

3 a Geo. II. 250 —

More, Mr. Gore*, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. ieauw, Mr. Heivett, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Prowse, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Town-Jhend, Sir Ge*o. Savile, Mr. Affleck, Lord Digby, Mr. Roivneij, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Symons, Mr. Waller, Mr. Probyn, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Harbord, Lord Ge*o. Manners, Mr. P/tt, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. PV//*e, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Harvey, Lord Strange, Mr. Smith, Lord North, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Buller, Sir Nathaniel Curzon, Mr. Moore, Mr. Cocks, Nir. Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Willey, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Croffle, Mr. Freeman, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Lyster, Sir James Creed, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Olmius; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Leicester, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Chappel Mr. Hetvett reported from the Committee, to whom Bar the Petition of the Justices of Peace, Clergy, Gentle-oads' men, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Towns of Nottingham, A If re toil, Matlock, and Winder, and several other Towns and Places, in the several Counties of Nottingham and Derby, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Anthony TiJJington, being examined, said, That he is well acquainted with the Roads mentioned in the Petition, which are ruinous and bad: That in the Winter Season they are almost impassable for Carriages, and dangerous for Passengers on Horseback; and that they cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Joseph James said, He is well acquainted with the Roads, and confirmed the above Evidence.

Mr. Tifflington, being further examined, said, That from Nottingham to Newhaven is about 38 Miles: That the usual Way is through Nut hall, Watnall, Moorgreen, Selfton, and Somercoates, to Afire Ion: That Lead comes this Way from Derbyshire to Nottingham, when the Roads are passable: That he was at the Meeting about the Petition, and that it was then understood the Road was to be carried the Way he mentioned, and so expressed in the Advertisement for that Meeting: That the Petition was prepared, and the Money subscribed accordingly: And, he apprehends, if this Plan should be altered, the Subscriptions would be withdrawn, especially by the Inhabitants of Alfreton, who have subscribed £. 1,600: That £.3,900 is subscribed, and£.600 more ready: That he estimates the Expence at £.6,000: That there is no Doubt but the Toll proposed will repair the Road, as the Materials are good, and, for the most part, near the Road: And that this Road (with another, which is intended to be applied for) will open a Communication with Chester and Liverpool:

That there is no public Road between Nuthall and Alfreton, but through Selston; and if the Road should not be carried through Selston, the Branch to Annejley cannot be made, which is a great Object, as a Communication will be thereby opened with the Forest, where the Roads are naturally good.

Mr. James being further examined, said, That the Intention of the Subscribersand the Country in general was to have the Road repaired the Way Mr. Tifflngtoy. had mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Newhaven; and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oakerthorpe, to Ash-bourne; and from the CroJ's Post on Wirksworth Moor to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chappel en le Frith, at or near Langston, in the County of Derby; and from Selston to Annejley Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Hewett, the Lord George Vol. 28.

Januarii. 377

Manners, and Sir John Cust, do prepare; and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wilbrahnm’s for continuing, establishing, and confirming, the Surname Name,

and Arms of Bootle unto Richard Wilbraham Bootle Esquire, formerly called Richard Wilbraham, and Mary Wilbraham Bootle his Wife, and their Issue, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Bootle Knight, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V(eneris, 26° die Januarii;

Anno 32,0 Georgii IF! Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Wakefield Manufacturers, Traders, and Owners and Occu- to piers, of Lands, Coal Mines, and other Mines and Quar- Austerlands l ies, in the several Parishes and Townships, of Wakefield, 0 9 Horbury, Netherton, Over town. Lepton, Almomlbury, Huddersfield, Marfden, and Saddlcworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, was prel‘ented to the House, and read; . setting forth, That the Highway leading from "Wakefield to Aitfterlands, through the aforesaid Townships, is become so ruinous and.dangerous that it cannot be repaired, and kept in Repair, so:as to be made passable, with Safety and Convenience, without the Aid of Parliament: And thereforepraying, Thgt Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road,in such Manner and by such Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as’it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Hewett, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Crafter, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr.

Staunton, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Forest'er, Lord Carysfort,

Mr. Prowse, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Smith, Sir John Cust, Mr. Iianbury, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hume, Sir Robert Long, Nlr. Thoro-ton, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Butler, Mr. Vanftttart, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hervey, Sir John St. Aubyn,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Ellis, Sir Jo/m Croffle,

Mr. Boone, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Willey, Sir James Creed; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West-moreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Powder to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Fellowes reported from the Comittee, to whom Somersham the Petition of several of the Commissioners for putting in and

Execution an Act, made in the 2id Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain ram gc’

Fen Lands and low Grounds in the Parishes of Sutton,

Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and Byal Fe?i, in the Isle of Ey and County of Cambridge, and in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon; and also of several Persons, in behalf of themselves and others, being Owners of certain Fen Lands and low Groundsill the said Parishes of Somersham and Pidleij with Fenton, and the Parish of Colne, in the County of Huntingdon-, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsdeliveredit in at the Clerk’sTable:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said Act was read; whereby several Powers and Authorities are granted for draining and preserving fever&l Lands therein particularly mentioned.

5D And

378 %6° Jcwudfii. i^59-

And Mr. Edward Stoddard informed your Committee, That he knows the Lands described in the Petition, and that at present they are of very little Value* being overflowed with Water, and are incapable of being drained and preferred without the Aid of Parliament j but that they lie contiguous to the Lands'directed to be drained by the Authority of the Ad before mentioned; and that if the Powers of that Ad were extended to these Lands they might easily be drained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, and the Farifli of Colne, in the County of Huntingdon: And that Mr. Ftdoxces and the Lord Carysfort do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wear A Petition of the Mayor and AldcrmOn of the City Navigation, of Durham, and of Gentlemen, Clergymen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants of the said City and County of Durham, whdfe Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting, That by an Act, passed Ih the Third Year of his late Majesty King George the Tirft, for the Prefer vat ion and Improvement of thelUverWear, arid Port and Haven of Sunderland, in Uhe?County of Durham,the fair! River was directed to be ^made navigable from the said Port of Sunderland to a Place called New Bridge, in the Partih of Chester k Street and from thence to the City of Durham, and certain Rates, Duties, Powers, and Authorities, were thereby granted in that Behalf, which were to have Continuance from the 24th Day of June 1717, for the Term of Twenty-one Years; anrl also reciting, that in the 13th Year of his said late Majdiy’s Reign an Act was passed for the more effectual Preservation and Improvement of the said River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland; and also reciting, that by an Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, certain Persons therein named were appoined Com mi ffloners for the said River, Port, and Haven, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, from the 24 th Day of June 1747, and were thereby authorized to survey the said River so Far as to a Plade called th0 New' Bridge, and no farther, ^and to maike, 'keep, and continue, the same navigable during the said Term; and alleging, that nothing has been done by the said Commissioners in pursuance of, or Alice, the l&ft-merttioned Act, for or towards the extending or carrying on tlresaidNavigation, within the Limits last above mentioned; and setting forth; that there are several Coal Mines and Collieries on eaehSide of the said River Wear,between the South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, and the City of Durham, which, by reason of the great Distance from the navigable Part of the said River, and the Difficulty and Expence of procuring and maintaining Way Leaves to the fame, cannot be wrought but to great Disadvantage, and on that Account either remain unopened or not wrought; and further alleging, that

" the making the *said River navigable from South Biddick,

or Biddick Ford, aforesaid, would not only be a great Advantage to the Owners of the said Coal Mines and Collieries, but also would be a Means of reducing the Price of Coals at London, and other Places, to which Coals are Water-borne, and would also tend to the Increase and Improvement of Trade and Navigation, and be of great Utility to the Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for making and completing the Navigation of the said River Wear, from and including the said Biddick Ford, to the City of Durham, by such Ways and Means, and with and under such Powers, Regulations, and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem proper, just, and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the: Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the’Matter thereof, ami report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tempest,'Mr. Crafter, Mr.: Detavaly Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hewett, Sir Geo. Suvile, Mr. Ridley% Mr. CalvertfMr. EeUowes, J-\ 20

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bounty.

Mr. Lexis, Mr. Hunger*Sir John Croffc, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Lyjter, Mr. II arbor it. Sir Bichard Lloyd, Mr. Butler,

Lord Mat/ms, Mr* Pour It, Mr. Vanjiltarl, N1 r. Bayntun,

Mr. Walter, Mv. Plainer, Mr. Geo. Qrjioiv, Mr. Kyiioften, Lord Varney, Mr. Staunton, Lord Porker, Mr.

Affleck, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Olmius

Mr. Probyn, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Moore, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Shirley, Sir John Cnjt, Mr. Prudent ll, Mi*. ’Calthdrpe, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Wkkinfon, Vlr. ALlzvorfih,

Sir William Meredith, Mr. Gore, Lord Pawn Jehu 1%

Mr. Cholmiey; and -all the Members- who serv'e lbr the Counties of Durham, Northumberland; Citmber-land, Wtyt morel and, 'Lancaster, and York: And they are *to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the-Clock, fa the speaker's Chamber; arid have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petitiwiof^fc/m CW/i/Gentletnnn, was presented to Ccum’s the Hotife.and dead; setting forth, I liat Jeremiah IVake-I in, late of Walt h airflow, in t heCounty of Essex, by his Will, dated the 16th Day o\'Jaue 1735, gave and devised all and Angular his Meflaagrp, Land.% Tenements,

<and Hereditaments, with their Appurtenances, situated in Walthamjlozv, Layton, and West Ham, or el few here in the County of Essex, with all such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, anci Hereditaments, with their Appurtenances, as should be purchased according to the Direct trons of his Will to his Son Jofiati Wakelin;ior and during the Term of* his natural Lite.; with1 divers Remainders over; Remainder to the Pel itiouer, provided he lfcall bear the Same of Wakelin; and that the Petitioner is willing and desirous to take and life the Surname of Wakdhi, and to bear the Arms of tt\e Wakelin Family, and that the same may be confirmed to him and his 1 fine by the Authority of Parliament; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a^ Bill to enable the Petitioner, and his I flue, to take and use the Surname of Wakelin, and to bear the Amas of the Wakelin Family.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Bertie, Mr. John Harvey, and Sir Robert Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to offices indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them- and selves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And that the Lord Carysfort anti Mr Fe Howes Ido prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to eriable *the Mod noble Francis Duke of Halford Bridgewater^ make a navigable Cut or Canal from a e'anal. certaiiv Place in the Township of Salford, to or near Worjlcy Mill and Middle Wood, in the-Manor of Worjlcy, and to or near a Place cal led Jlollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second time.

Rcjolved, 'I b&t the Billhe committed to Mr. fiighy,

Mr. Charles< Tozcfhcnd, Mr. Selzvyn, Sir William More-ton, Mr. Reynolds, SivRichardGrofvcnor, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Cuff Mr. Thyme, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Forreficr, Lord Egmont, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Felkxbes, Mr. IFi/tey Mr. Boone, Mr. Vaughan,)Mr. Kynaston, Mu Williams, Mr. Hozoard, Lord Thomond, - Mr. Hill, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Maxwell, Mr. Dazvnay, Mr. Harvey,

Sir Geo. Montgomerie Met ham, Mr. Smith, Mr. Edge-cumbe, Mr. Ridley, Lord North, Mr. Mcdlycott, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Toxvnjhend, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Shelley,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fanjhazv, Mr. Gower, Mr. More,

Mr. Leveson Goiver, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Edward Montagu, Mr. Fane, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Thoroton. General Mefiyn,;Mr. Pi7^, Lord Vitliers, Mr. Henry Vernon, Mr.

Ellis, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Letvis, Mr. Thomas Toxvjfhcnd junior, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Jefferies, Lord Pulteney, Mr.

Offley*, andiall the Members whoserve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, York, Derby, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in Jhe:Speaker’s Chamber.

/The

Supply.

Ideford,

&c.

Aoads.

32 Geo. IL i —

The Order of the-Hay being read* for the Ifoiife to refoive itself iqto.a Committee of the whole H<*use, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Convention between his Majesty and the King of Prussia, concluded andhgned at London, December 7th, 1758; and Translation; be referred to the Add Committee.

Ot tiered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty and the Landgrave of Ileffe Cqjfd, concluded and iigited at London, January 1 yth, 1759; and Trauflation; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a separate Article belonging to the Treaty between his Majesty and the Landgrave of Ileffe Caffe I, concluded and figoed at London, the 17 th of January 1759; and Tranflation 5 be referred to the said Committee*

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 19,012 Men, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejff'e Cqfjel, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty, for the Year 1759, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Application and Disposal of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, issued pursuant to the Power given by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for issuing and applying any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Eight hundred thousand Pounds, upon Account to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1758, and to take all such Measures as might be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs might require, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1759, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House

janmfii.

to refoive itself into a Ccrmraittee of the Hqufc to consider further of the Supply granted to be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

ResolvedfYhat this Hdufe will, upon Aionvtay. Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee cff the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Mqan^ fd$ railing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of tJ^O whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Charlton tdok the Chair of the CJomftiktcie;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Carmhittee, 'fha£ they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, When the House will Jdeafe td receive the same;

Ordered, That the Report be received Upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton a!so acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committeeto move* that they niay have Leave to fit again. r

Resolved, That this House will, upon Holiday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the wftple House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Lord Barrington preferred to thq Hdftfe, pict-suant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out f>dnfiouer& of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1759.

And the Title of the said Estimate w^s read;

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIM AT E of the Charge of the Out Pensioners^of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1759.

Per Diem. , ,:; . ;.{ For 365 Days.

6,213 ^llt Pensioners (landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, £. s. £ 5. d.

at 5 d, per Diem each - -' 129 8 9 47>244 13 9'

ioo Letter Men, at 12 d. per Diem each 1,825

31 Serjeants at 9 d. per Diem each - - - , - i33 424 6 3

From which deduct, The Sum of Twenty-three thousand Four hundred Ninety-four Pounds, which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Expence 135 12 — - 49»494 — T

out of the Poundage of the Forces for the Year 17 59 -Remains to be granted, upon Account, for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea 23.494 — -r* . ' , 1 1

Hospital, for the Year 1759 - - - - -War Office, 26 January 1759. Barrington. 26,000 —

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2 90 dieJanuarii; Anno 32’ Georgii IIa Regis, 1759. Praters.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, and principal Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Totnefa In the County of Devon; the principal Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Towns of Vol. S3.

Newton Bushell and Newton Abbplty and other the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, refid ing near, or travelling oq, the Highways or Roads therein after-mentioned, in the said County of Devon, was preferred to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads leading from the Head of the hollow Way qn^he Western Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, in the Parish of Ideford, through the several Parishes of Chudleigfi, Ideford, Kingxfoingtpn, Tcinggraze, Highzccek, Borough of Newtori Bushell, Borough of Newton Abbott, Woolborough, Abbot tfcarfzvellj Ipplepcn, Little Hempfton, Bcrrypomeroy, the Borough and Parish of Totnes, Harberton, South Brent, Diptford, Northuifh, audUgborough, in the said County, to a Place called Biddefora, in the said Parish of Vgborough, a^e become ruinous, and very incommodious, and dangerous

Ways tad Meant.

Supply.

Ckelfea

Pensioner*.

380 29° Januarii.: A. 1759.

to Travellers 5 and-alleging, that the said Roads cannot be repaired by thee ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for widening and repairing the said Roacjs, in such manner as to the House shall Feerri fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committed: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Thoro-ton, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilkinf)n, Mv. Feme, Sir John Cust, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Smith, Mr. Geo. Onjloxv, Mr. Toumjhend, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. More, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Gybbon, Mr* Alderman Dick inf on, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bayntun, General Cornwallis, Mr. Medbjcott, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Gore, Mr. Budgcn, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Powell, Sir William Meredith, Mr. I^ewis, Lord Villiers, Lord Geo. Manners; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Wilts, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

§tort A Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, and others,

Navigation. Inhabitants of the Counties of Hertford and Essex, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the River Stort is capable of being made navigable, from a Bridge called New Bridge, at the lower End of North Street in Bishop Stortford, in the County of Hertford, into the River Lea, at or near a Place called the Rye, at Hoddefdon, in the same County, and that if effectual Provision was made for opening and maintaining such Navigation, the same would be of great Utility and Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Counties, and the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and keeping the said River navigable, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Plummer, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Warren, Mr. John Calvert, Mr. Thornton, Lord Thomond, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Staunton, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Olmius, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Tucker, Sir John Turner, Mr. Gybbon, Admiral Griffin, Mr. West, Lord North, Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Mr. Fane, Mr. Whittington, Mr. Letois,

« Mr. Ridley, Lord Villiers, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Alderman

Dickinson, Mr. John Delaval, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Symons, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gore, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. More, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Thi/llethwcyte; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Essex, Cambridge, Middlesex; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Silcby A Petition of James More Molyneux, Thomas Wallis, inclosure. Thomas King, Esquires, and others, Proprietors and Owners of Lands, entitled to Right of Common in the open arable Fields, open Meadows, and common Pasture Grounds, in the Parish oiSileby, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands of the respefitive Proprietors in the said Fields and Meadows lie intermixed and dispersed, and are inconveniently situated, and at present incapable lS

of any considerable Improvement; and alleging, that if the said Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, were divided, and inclosed in separate Allotments, 10 be made to the respective Proprietors and Persons interested, in proportion to their Properties and Interests therein, and an Allotment or Allotments made in lieu of all the Tythes in the said Parish, the same would he of great Advantage to the several Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Roje Fuller, and Mr. Charlton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the BwrJey Bill for establishing and renderingeflediual certain Arti- wi:ii Arkfejr cles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the Com- hioofine. mons and waste Grounds in the Townships of Bentley and Arkfey and Parish of Arkfey, in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Thirteen Persons, whose Interest in the Estates within the said Townships and Parish amount to about One Eighteenth Part of the whole Value thereof, and who had all been applied to for their Consent, except Three, who could not be found , and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that die Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Molineux reported from the Committee, to wrhom Swwm the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Int,uUfe* Meadows, common Pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Staunton, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except;^lice Allen who could not be found, and who is Owner of OneOx-gang and One Quarter, and One Cottage, and who is only Tenant for Life; and that Job Staunton Charlton Esquire is entitled to the Reversion thereof; and thatthc whole Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 55 Ox-gangs; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made -fevered Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wete agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilkes presented to the House, according to Order, Plunkett’* a Bill for giving further Time to Trustees therein named to execute certain Trusts veiled in them in and hv an Act E;D.^ of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland iirTrustees, in order to sell the same to Protestant Purchasers: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition.

32 Geo. II. 29* Januarii.

CdkAing A Petition of the several Sheriffs whole Names are p thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the

0 l#e,‘ rest of the Sheriffs, and of the Grantees of Post Fines

under the Crown, of that Part of Great Britain called England* was presented to the House, and read; reciting the Manner of firing out Writs of Covenant for levying Fines in the Court of Common Pleas; and re* presenting the great Trouble and Expence which the Petitioners allege the Sheriffs of the several Counties of this Kingdom, and the Grantees under the Crown of Poll Fines, levied in the said Court, are nut to» in col-lofting and getting in the fame; and alleging, that if an Officer was appointed in or near One of the Inns of Court» to receive the said Post Fines, before the Fine be passed to the Kirng’s Silver Office, the same would tend to the manifest Ease of the Petitioners, and all other Sheriffs and Grantees of Post Fines under the Crown: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy collecting, accounting for, and paying of Poll Fines, that shall be due on levying of any Fines in his Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Commons, and other Hereditaments, to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, or the Grantees thereof, under the Crown, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feera meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Until the Bill be brought in pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Wednesday the 20th Day of December last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the several Sheriffs, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Sheriffs, and of the Grantees of Post Fines under the Crown, of that Part of Great Britain called England; and also the Petition of the several Sheriffs, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Sheriffs, and of the Grantees of the Post Fines under the Crown, of that Part of Great Britain called England; were referred.

The House being informed, That the Sheriffs of the City of London, attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

Lomlon A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-Bndgv* mons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth. That the Petitioners were, by an Act of Parliament, passed iti the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge the Passage over and through Lxmdon Bridge, impowered to make fuchPurchafes, and required to takedown such Hotifes and Buildings, as they should judge necessary for the Enlargement and Improvement of the Passage over, and the Avenues leading to and from, the said Bridge, and atfo to widen and enlarge One or more of the Arches thereof; and that certain Tolls or Sums of Money were thereby granted, and vested in the Mayor and Common-aly, and Citizens, of the City of London, for that Service; and that, in pursuance of the said Act, feme of the Houses on the said Bridge were taken down, and also Two of the Arches thereof, in order to be laid into Oue, and a Temporary Bridge of Timber was likewise erected, to pre-lerve the public Passage; but the same was afterwards intirely consumed by Fire; and that by another Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, for applying a Sum of Money then granted, for rebuilding London Bridge, and for rendering more effectual the said former Act, the said Tolls or Sums of Money were to continue and be in force until the 24th Day of June 1758, and no longer; and reciting, that by the same Act Fifteen thousand Pounds was granted for rebuilding the said Bridge; and alleging, that in pursuance of the Powers given to the Petitioners by the said Acts, the said Temporary Bridge has been rebuilt V01.. 18.

and made very commodious and aconsiderahlePtogrefe been made in the Works directed by the said Acts; but the greatest Part of the Monies granted for those Purposeshas already been expended; and that unless the Petitioners are enabled, by the further Assistance of Parliament, to carry on the said Works, and to make the necessary Purchases for that Purpose, the Petitioners cannot proceed with the Dispatch required in so great and national a Service: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such further Sums of Money as to the House shall feejn meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty V Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

The House was moved. That the Titleof the Account of Money received and paid m purfitance of the Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge, from the 5th Day of December 1757, exclusive, to the 5th Day of December 1758, im-clulive, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred toconsider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the bid Account be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and otherFree-holders and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Southampton and Dorset, whose Naraes^ are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads from WestGatey at the City of Winchester, through Pit and Ifurjley, to Chandler's Ford, and from Hurjley aforesaid, through An field, to the Turnpike Road at Bomfey, in the County of Southampton; ami also from the Turnpike Road at Romsey aforesaid, through Ower, to the Market House at Ringwood, in the said County; and also from the said Market House, both to IVinborne and Longham Bridge, in the County of Dorset$ are in many Places very narrow and ruinous, and cannot by the ordinary Methods appointed by Law be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave tnav be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr^ Stanley, Sir John Cyf, Mr. Nugent, Mr Cooke, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Plummer, Lord North, Mr. Afore, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Butler, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Walter, Mr. Grenville, Mr. EL Its, Sir John Turner, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Hume, Mr. Lvjter, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Rickard Lloyd, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Porpell, Lord Frederic Cavendish, Mr. Tltoroton, Mr George Onslow, Mr. Finch, Mr, Charlton, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Martin, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Foncreau, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hew-ett, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Keck, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Fuller, Colonel Gray, Mr. Smith, Mr. Willy, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Ijnvis, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Cartwright; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Dorset, Somerset, Wilts, and Cornwalt: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Justic£s of the Peace, Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Derby and Newcdflle, and in several other Towns and Places in the several Counties of Derby and Stafford, Whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was 5 E presented

l.

31*

2 90 Janxmi-

4- 1759:

Supply.

presented to the Hpufc, and read; felting for Ui, That the Road leading from the Town of County o (Derby,through the Towns of

Etwall, Hilton, Foston, jJhuSudbury, and Dmebrnlge.

to the Town of Ulioxctcr, in the said County of St afford,

and also the Road leading from though the

Towns of Stramshall,ficamhorf, Check}},

Over Teen,or through Hollingtoand over lldling.cn Heath, to Drafcot, Slonehouse, Loan, Del/ili, and to the Town of Xeiecajlic, is become so ruinous and bad, that, in the Winter Season, feme Parts thereof are almoilt impaflkble for Carriages, and very dangerous for loaded Horses and Travellers, and m many I laces so narrow as to rehdef the same very incommodious and dangerous to Passengers: And, in regard the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course providedby Law, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Anri it is referred to Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Stanley, Lord North, Mr. Nugent, Lord Villiers, Mr. Shelley, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Charlton, Mr. More,'Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Powell, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thynne, General Corn-wdilis, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Bagot, Sir Geo. Scivile, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Bdyntun, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Medlycott, Lord Digby, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Anson, Mr. Vyner, Mr. HewelL Mr. Crafter, Mr. Butler, Lord Parker, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Spencer, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Northeij, Mr. Alderman Beck ford; and $11 the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, JS[o{tingham, Staford, and Chester: And they 3re to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend l'or Per-fous, Papers, aijd Records.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Maj^fiy* the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

'fajitycdi That it is the Opinion of this Committee, riiataSum, not exceeding Six hundred and Seventy thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Alajeliy to make good his Engagements with the Kipg-.of Prussia, pursuant to.a Convention between his Majesty and -the King of Prujjicf, concluded December the 7th, 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sura, not exceeding One hundred Eighty-two thousand Two hundred Fifty one Pounds Two Shillings and Eleven P.ence Farthing, be granted to his. Majesty, for defraying the Charge of what remains to be paid for 2,120 Iiorfe, and 9,900 Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery

1 hp r rnntip nf f 1 in T nn#l ounvA C IT — fR.. /"* _ /J I . \ r.

StaffOfficers the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the ' i Troops of the Landgrave of Hefe Cr#/ in the Pay of,

Great Britain, for 365 Days, from the I ft Pay of Jan-

uary 175^ to the 31st Day of December following, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That" a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, be ranted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Landgrave of fd,pursuant to the separale Article belonging to a Treaty between his Majesty and the Landgrave of HeffeCaffel,concluded jcinuary the 17th, 1759; the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds to be paid as his moftSerene Highness shall think it moll convenient, in order to facilitate the Means, by which the moftSerene Landgrave mav again fix his Residence in his own Dominions, and give freffi Courage to his faithful Subjects by his Presence, which is lo much willied for.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to discharge the like Sum "raised, in pursuance of an Act, made in the lallSession of Parliament, and charged upon the Fidt Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 17-",9.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House’.

TheLdrd Carysfort presented to the House, according Offices and to Order,1 a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted EmPUyment*< to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And the fiime was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of James, R^ Esquire, Lord of the Manor,

Qfi Preston upon Slower, in the County of Gloucejicr, Impropriator of the great and small Tythes of Preston afcreiaidvaud Patron of the Advowson of the Vicarage there, Robert, J?«;./a«, Esquire, ami other the Proprietors and Owners of Lands in the common Field of Preston, whose Names are thereunto febferibed,. wqs presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are inti tied tp or possessed of thicgreaheft fiart of the-Lands in the said qommon Field, cpn§fteng.,of meadow, pasture, q.nd \vafte Groiu^dst^at^l/ ‘

IWftgt the Properties of the said Perfops iff ’ A thfr^ti lie iqt^nnixed, and dispersed in final? and afe iherefiwe incapable of a,oy qonfi^er;,rr^ pray went; that the peUtionqrs’.pfe deftr^ thftfakiiewifjbo^ Fiel^may he inclosed and Alte^/pei^t/s,* in proportion to- each PerCoo^J^L therein: And Undone praying, That, Eeave

bring iu a . Bill fqrrdividing and inclosit^g.4 the laidwcom«n(ML Field, in such as to the jHou'ie

fi^feeoi.inee^,.. . n;l.

Ordered, Tfiat tepve be given to bring in a Bill4tpur> wnrtPttbe Pr^rer.of the said.Petition: And UJiyaid and Mr. Bycond® prepare, and bring in, thofwne.

The Order oftKe Day being read, for the Hduftrfo

Preston

Indofare.

the Troops of the Landgrave of llejfe Ca/jel, in the Pay

SK wi,h *

hundred Eighty-iwo Pounds Seventeen Shillings and AnhH°f^‘^earofhtsPresent Maje%’sReign,infUulJ,

Ten Pence I wo Sevenths, he granted to his Majesty ?ra.nt,n§ to Th,s Majesty Several Rafe-hhd for defraying the Chargeofan additional Corns of In E"t,e^uPonIn<]entures, Leases, Bonds, and otherDee'^,

Horse and 6,072 Foot, together with the General and "1 Upon ^c'vs PaFrs, Advertisements, and Almanac'ks,

general and and upon Licences for.retailing. Wine, and upoiy'e&fe

*7 . - exjpoltied

Wm and Means

32pK$. N-

29% — 3.10 Januarii.

383

exported to foreign Parts; and for applying, for a certain Time, the Sums of Money arifnag from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, and for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; and for making perpetual an A£>, made in the Second Year ofthcRoign of his present Majesiv, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, and for enlarging the Time for filing Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and also the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures, and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; as relates to 3/. per Cent. Annuities, amounting tof.3,000,000 granted Anno 1 757.

Ordered, That it bean Instruellpn to the said Committee, Tlmt they do consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the several additional -Stump Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers/the additional Duty on Coals .‘exported, the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences for retailing Wine, and the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors.

Ordered, That it be an Inltruction to the said Committee, That they doconsider of so much of the said Act as relates to the several Annuities granted on fmgle Lives.

Ordered, That the Account of the Income of the Fund for pay i ng Annn i ties granted Anno 1 757, with the Charge on the same Fund, &'c. be referred to the said Committee, Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next. (

Mr. Charllon also acquainted the House, That he was direCied by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn* ingnext, resolve itfejf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his, Mujefiy.

jThe other Order of the Day being read, for the I louse to revive itself into a, Committee of the whole House, tp consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;T Ordered, That the Efti^atepf the Charge of t^e Out Pensioners of CJielfea Hospital, for the Year 1759, he referred to the said Commiltee. . />..- ,'.v

Theu the House resolved itself iato the.,said Cam^ mittee; , \ y. \ ... \\ v,

MrJBpeaker left:the Chair. . Vj . ,..... %\

Mr. Charlton toojk the Ghai rof the.Cojnmitfee*. Speaker^refused the Chajr. . j Mr, Charlton reported from -th^iCommittee,. That they had come to a Refojution; which had diYe£fefl him to report, when the House will pfeftfe ^.receive Jtfee fame. _; - v

Ordered, That the> Report be received upon Wpdnqf-day Morning next., \

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That lie was directed by the Committee tp mpve, that they may . have Leave to fit again. , . .

Resolved, That this House will,. upon IVeduefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Foundling Ordered, That Mr. Wilkes have Leave to make a Hospiul. Motion, it being after pour of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of whatNumber of Children have been received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Educationiof:; VqL, 28.: ‘ . , 1

Supply.

exposed and cleferted youngChiMreu from theqlh to the 31st Day of December 1758, lifelufiye; and also an Account of the Number of Children who were livingou the said 3 7 ft Day of December; and also an Account of what Number of Children have been placed out to Apprenticed)ips, or returned to their Parents or others, to the said 3 i ft Dav of December; and also an Account of all Monies received and paid by the said Hospital between the said 9th and 31 ft Day of Decembertogether with the Balance then remaining.

*V adjourned

Morning, Nine of the Clock. --zX

*. '-‘‘A *:T Mfc Al&Hffafc

m/.V’

4

' Mcrcurii, 31* die J

j.: Anno 3 a0 Georgii II. RiegiSi IV59V,

Pr.AY£RS.

V 1 ’ '> 'r:g '

'f)RDERED, That Mr. Sianieyl x«,n , v-~

Beckford,' Sir William IrUy, Mfv Rose Tidlerx Navigation,

neral Cornwallis, Sir John Crojfe, Sir Willi am 'fitdreMM,

M r. Chetwynd, Lord 'Blrcmge*; < Mr.* ^ptllnes B&kford,

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Nugent junior, Colonel Lee, Mr.

Peachey, Mr. Radge, Mr. LitflrhU,

Bull, Lord Robert Bertie, b'e -th to whom the Petition of the Maydr City of Durham, and of Qerrtlertreh; dergytneh', <M%b-clmnts, Tradesmen, and princi|3a( Iht^b^ants', bf'tll^ said City^ and County of ^rAfl?^*whose*Nahi6s‘ are thereunto subscribed, is rfefeii^dv-'-'*;.:

A Petition of the Lords of the Manor, PatwWi^/tfdS Willoughby Incumbent of the Vicarage of the Parish, Church of Wil- inclosure. loughby,' in the County of Warwick, and iof the Ith^ro- priators of the great Tythes, Freeholders*, Gopyhblde J and Proprietors of Lands, in the commbn atuT^I Fields of Willoughby aforesaid,

House, and read; feiting forth, That seised or possessed of several Freehold* CopyrfoMt! {irfS Leasehold, Eftaites-in the said common anti of^n'Ff^Ids, which lie intermixed and dispersed over the whose Ffeifjs in small Parcels, by Means’* hereof great Inconveniences do arise to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the said Lands: Aud therefore praying, ThaL Leave Inky- be: given to bring in a Bill for iftclosing and1 dividjifg^thfe laid common and of^n Fields of Wittmighby aforMa’id, according to every Person’s Right in the fame: 1 *'

Ordered, That Leave b£’given to Hring in a‘ Bill, ptitr suant to the Prayer of the iaid Peti^iotY* And Xftit Sir Charles Mor daunt and MtiCartwrig/it^do‘pfepare,'and bring in,'the faille* - "

’ , . r . , . t . 1 - < # f.; \ , v 1.! I *J > t Jl«. I - d

i A > - Petit ion :ofi George Wrigktd^Ef^ Uifc,; Lords of the Manor of OtMy\di\ trfie Coahty of L^?^, Impropriator of the great. Tynhesaliere^ c^troh,<6f: the; d^pbtbal f Adwowfon afo/Cfald; and p

.Pnop^ibtor of eiearly One HrflKp^Laiid ifi thef bpeti

Oadbf

Inclosure.

;Widowyf Thvmbsi€iaf'kbrigfit,

NormanlJblhI

the. fetid FleWsy was ptefeifted hfl3rrei^S

UJeging, Thdt-the Landis of 'PefWbfieiV Fields 1 i^iadmixed and tte|rtftd

are, in^ their present of fi^rote-

.ment; and that if the&rd;F?eMs divided ar?d‘m-dofedi and specific‘Shares allotted to the llweral ^artl^s interested, according 46> their* f hterest therein,1 A ddl'd be a great Benefit to them, ‘ and; be of pnWiti' Vtili^: Anil* therefore prayingj That' Lefive ma^ be ^'ivenrfo britig in (a BillLor dividing andinefofing the said FicMi, iiu such Mranaer as to the House (half seem me^t. " "

Ordered, That Leave be giv^ii to bring in a1 Bin, purfwant to the Prayer of the foid'Petftion: AndJtbat Sir Thomas Pdimer, Mr. Felhttits, and1 Mr. Cartwright, dolprepa»e, and bring in, the some. /

.: n r.ri Ordered*

384 31 Januarii. 1759.

Wear^ Ordered, That Sir William Codrington, MM Harris,

Nfvigauon. Berkeley Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Which cot. Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Lord George Manners, Lord Galway, Sir Nicholas Bailey, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Durham, and of Gentlemen, Clergymen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the said City and County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Barnet and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Ifatiup* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, Intituled, An Act JacW&fc for dividing and inclosing the open Arable, Meadow, Pasture, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Honington, in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment: And also,

atiaubcnfft’i The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ml* T\dAnrz\\z\ng PhilippUs Willerii Cafanir Van Straubeuzce, Esquire: To which the Lords deifife the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meflfengers withdrew.

.W«f thdered, That Colonel Bobert BrudmeU, Mr. James

Mitigation. RrudenelL, Mr. Chaplin, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Smith, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Barlow, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Fitzwil-littms, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Durham, and of Gentlemen, Clergymen, Merchants, Tradesmsn, and principal Inhabitants, of the said City and County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Nota Scotia. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Efiimate of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1759.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’smost honourable Privy Council.

Sunderland A Petition of the Commissioners for putting inExecrt-

fort. ttou an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behatfpf themselves and the several other Commissioners named.and appointed by and in pursuance of the said Act; hnd also of the Coal Owners and y Coal Fitters, interested in the Navigation of the'feid

Hiver, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House* and read; reciting, That by the said Act the Commissioners thereby appointed are required, before the 24th Day oijune 1759, to remove all Sands, Shoals, and other Obffrilftions and Impediments between a Place xstlledSouth Biddkk, or Biddkk Ford, andaPlace called New Bridge, and effectually to make the said River navigable to carry Beats,. Keels, and Vessels, of the "Burthen then used upon the said River, and from time to time to keep and maintain it so navigable between the said Two Placescalled Biddkk Ford ami New Bridge, for and during the Residue of the Term of Twenty-one Years; and alleging, that the said Commissioners have, at a very great Expence, deepened the Channel of the said Port or Haven, - and have made considerable Additions andnecessary Alterations to and in the Pier at the Mouth of the said River, and have expended divers considerable Sums of Money in and about the fame, and other necessary Works, for the Improvement of the said Port, Haven, and River; and that, in order to render the said Port and Haven safe and commodious for Ships of any considerable Burthen now used in the Coal Trade, and the Mouth of the said River effectually navigable, it is necessary that the Channel should be further deepened,

the present Pier further lengthened, and new Pier or Piers built, and that divers other Works Should be made at or near the Mouth of the said River; and that the Charge of such Works will, upon a moderate Computation, amount to the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds and upwards; and that the Petitioners are advised, chat the Commissioners are not authorized or impowered by the said Act to erect any Locks, Dams, or Piers, in, upon, or near, the said River, and the Gronmb contiguous thereto; and that the making of the said River navigable from Riddick Ford to New Bridge aforesaid ^if practicable without Locks or Dams) cannot, according to the Judgment of fkilftil Engineers, be effected but at the Expence of Nineteen thousand Pounds and upwards; but that the fame, according to the Calculation of such Engineers, might be effected by a Lock and D&m at the Expence of Six thousand Pounds, or thereabouts; and that the Money to arise by the Duties imposed by the fitjd Act, during the Continuance of the Term therein, wfli pot be fttffieient to defray the said several Expence*; and that great Damage hath been done to the Works carried on, and great Obllrtiftrons have beeiioccafioned to the Navigation in the said Port, Haven, and River, by Reason that no Power is vetted in the said Commissioners to appoint One or more Harbour and River Matter or Matters, for the regular Government of the said Port, Haven, and River, and to direct Ships, Keels, and other Vessels, to moor, lay, and anchor, in a proper Manner, and at proper Places; and that the said Commissioners are not enabled to complete the Improvement of the said Port and Haven, and the Navigation of the said River Wear, up to the said Place called New Bridge, for want of Powers necessary for that Purpose:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and for making the said Act more effectn&l; anil for the granting to the now Commissioners, and such others as this l louse shall nominate or appoint, and their Successors, to be elected according to the Directions of the said former Act, fitch Powers and.Authorities for the Purposes aforesaid; and for making Orders, By-laws, Rules, and Regulations, for carrying oft and completing the Navigation of the said River, and the better Preservation and Improvement of the said River, Port, and Haven, as to the House foal! seem meet:.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bowes, Mr. Chohnley, Mr.

Ridley, Mr. George Otvflow, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Wilkes,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Tempcjl, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bagot, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hill, Srr Francis Poole, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Bayniun,

Sir.Willoughby Aston, Mr. More, Lord Carysfort, Mr.

Hewett, Mr. Yurke, Mr. Fcttouvs, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thro-tan. Mi*. Lyjter, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fane,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Calvert, Mr. Berkeley, Mr, Vyner, Mr. Stindi/r, Mr.

I^wis, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Gt[fhry, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Alderman Dkkinjbn, Mr. Ryder, Nlr.Luttrell, Mr Butler,

Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Protvfe, Mr. Willey, Mr. Banks, Mr.

Gybbvn, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Plamptre9 M*. ffledlycott, Mr. Symons, Sir John Barrington, Mr.

Shelley, Sir Thomas Palmer, Lord Strange; and all the Members who serve for the Comities of Durham, No th-umberland, Cumberland, Westmordand, Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of TftamasPeckham Esquire, was presented p^ichim* to the House, and read; setting forth, That Hum/diry Name* Fowle, late of Bother fie Id, in the County of Suffer, Esquire, by his Will, gave and devised all his Lands, Tenements, and Eft ate, in the Parishes of Wort he, Ardingtye, and Balcombe, in the County of Sitffex, and also all other his

Manors,

c.

Coleby

inclosure.

Dr. Ross thanked.

Mansfield,

&c.

Road.

Staunton

inclosure.

32 Geo. II. 310 Jdnuarii. 305

Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Hereditaments, and real Estate, whatsoever and wheresoever, both Freehold and Copyhold (subject to a n A n n u ity therein mentioned), unto the Petitioner for Life; Remainder to his FirftSon, and the Heirs male of his Body, with divers Remainders over; on Condition that the Petitioner and such First Son, and all and every Person and Persons, as they shall respectively take his said Estates, by virtue of or under his Will, do take upon him and themselves, and make use of the Surname of Fowle; and alleging, That the Petitioner is willing and desirous, to take and use the Surname of Fowle, and that the same be confirmed to him and his Issue by the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner and his Ilfue to take and use the Surname of Fowle, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Butler and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Scrope Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Cole by, in the County of Lincoln, and of several others, Owners and Proprietors of the open Fields and commonable Lands within the said Parish oi'Coleby, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are several open Fields, and commonable Lands within the said Parish, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement; and alleging, that if the said Fields and Lauds were divided and inch)fed, it would greatly increase their Value, and be of great Advantage to the Petitioners and the relt of the Owners thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields and commonable Lands, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vyner, Mr. Jarrit Smith, and Mr. Amcotts, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor John Ross, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House at St. Margaret's Westminster; and that he be desired to print the same: And that Sir Richard Lloyd and Mr. George Onslow do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Chef erfield, and of the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto fuberibed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Pet it ion has been present ed for repairing the Road from Mansfield to the End of Hajland Liberty, near the Town of Chester-field\ and that, if the said Road was extended from the End of IIof and Liberty to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Chef crfield, it would be of more general Utility: And therefore praying. That Provisionmay be made for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Meadows, common Pallurc, and walle Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Staunton, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act, for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Meadows, common Paftur^, and waste (grounds, in

Vol. 28.

the Manor.and Parish of Staunton, in the County of

Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Molyneux do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for naturalising Caspar Schomhart, John Spilta, GyJbcrtVan Voorfl, Frederick dc Chevrigny, Conrad HarkjbiyChrif opher Strothoff, and Jof per Lawrence Richter, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Caspar Schomhart, John Spitta, Gyjbert Fan Voorfl, Frederick de Chevrigny, Conrad Ilarkfcn, Christopher Strothoff, and Jasper Lawrence Richter.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynafon do carry the Bill to the Lords, apd desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. s

Mr. AldermanDickinson reported from f he Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Manor and Liberty oiNorton Falgate, otherivifc Norton Fotlcy, in the County of Middhfex, on behalf of ihem-selves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Manor and Liberty, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in attheClerk’sTable; Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Lawrence Holker, and Mr. Thomas Abraham Ogier said, That the Liberty and Manor of Norton Falgate is out of the City of London, and great Part thereof is extra-parochial: That at present it is very ill lighted and watched, as there is no Method of compelling the Inhabitants to contribute to those Purposes; and is also' very dangerous to Passengers in the Night time.

Mr. Zachaiy Agace and Mr. James Payton confirmed the foregoing Evidence; and added, That it would be of great Utility to have the said Liberty and Manor well lighted and watched, and also the Streets well cleaned and paved; and that this is the Desire of the Inhabitants in general within the said Manor and Liberty; but that the same cannot be effected without the Aid of an Act of Parliament.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better enlightening and cleansing the open Places, Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, and other Places, within the Manor and Liberty of Norton Falgate, otherwise Norton Folley, in the County of Middlesex; and for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Manor and Liberty: And that Mr. Alderman Dickiri-son, Sir Robert Ladbroke, and Mr. Cooke, do prepare* and bring in, the larne.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A6i for naturalizing Philippus Willem Cajimir Van Strauberi-zee Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to considerfurther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the llefolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; whichheread in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at 5 F the

Schombart’a

&c.

Nat.

Offices

and

Employments;.

Norton

Falgate

Paving,

StranbenfecV

Nat.

Ways and Meatas.

3 86 3

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the£.3 per Cent* Annuities, amounting to £.3,000, 000, granted Aujio 1757, he, with the Consent of the several Proprietors, added to and made a Part of the joint Stock of£. 3 perCent. transferable Annuities, at the Bank of England, consolidated by the Ac% 25, 28, and 29, of his present Majesty’s Reign, and the Charges and Expences in respect thereof be charged upon tmd paid out of the Sinking Fund, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in the same and like Manner as the Annuities consolidated, as aforesaid, are paid and payable; and that such Persons who shall not, on or before the 5th of April 1759, signify their Difient, in Books to be opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, shall be deemed and taken to afient thereto.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Monies that have arisen since the 5th Day of January 1759, or that shall and may hereafter arise, of the Produce of the several additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, the additional Duty on Coals exported, the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences for retailing Wine, and the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, which were made a Fund for Payment of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum at the Bank of England, on £. 3,000,000, borrowed by virtue of an Adfc, 30 George 2d, towards the Supply of the Year 1757, as also the Annuities on single Lives payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer in respect of the fame, shall be carried to and made a Part of the Fund, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion *f this Committee, That the several Annuitieson single Lives, granted Anno 1757’ payable at the Exchequer, in respeflt of the aforesaid £. 3,000,000, be, from the 5th of January 1759, charged upon and made payable out of the Produce of the said Sinking Fund,

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Floufe.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, puriuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. West, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply* Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the wholeHouse, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place^ and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceed ingTwenty-six thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out Peii-sioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1759.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the being read;

Ditto. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Bridgewater Ordered, That Mr. James Colebrooke, Mr. George Cole-

fcoads. brooke, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Toienjhend,

be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition oi the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants,.of the Town and Borough of Bridgewater, and County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

10 Pehruarii. J. 1759.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, i° die Februarii j Anno 320 Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1759.

Pr a yers,

A PETITION of Joint Bass Esquire, Lord of the

Manor of Burjlall, and others, Whole Names are Imiofure. thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themfeivesy and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in certain open and common Fields in the Chapelry of Burjlall, in the Parilli of Bel grave, in the county of ' Leicester, was presented to the House,* and read; alleging, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners lie intermixed and dispersed in the said Fields, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that if the said Fields were divided and inclosed, and specitlc Shares allotted to each Proprietor of Lands interested in the said Fields, according to their respective Interelis, it would be a great Improvement of their several Estates, and be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lowndes and Mr. Kynaston, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Earl cf Longhboroosk Huntingdon, and of the Mailers, Fellows, and Scholars -of Enuinuel College, within the Uni verb ty of Cambridge the Reverend Thomas Alleyne Clerk, Sir V/oljiou Dixie Baronet, Charles James Pack Esquire, Joseph Beyer Gentleman, William Holbrook Surgeon, John Farrow Yeoman, Nicholas Webjter Yeoman, John Boss Holier,

Samuel Capp Yeoman, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, and Commons, within the open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the Lordship, Township, or Liberty, of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That within' the said Lordship, Tovva-ship, or Liberty, there are several open and common Fields and Meadows, called by the several Names of the Windmill Field, Middle Field, Park Field, Burleigh Field,

Tatriiarsh Field, To I hill Field, Sandhnrjt, Upper Meadow,

Nether Mendow, Tatmar/h Meadow, Cotes llyron, Fallow Me adore, Thackholm and Full Field Meadow, and also several Commons or common Grounds within the said Lordship, Township, or Liberty, called the Moor, Tet-bridge and Old Spring Commons, New Spring and Moor Glose, Slatebriclge and Beyer's Meerwuy, pegg's Furze*

Wood Brook and Widen Burleigh Hill Common, Rad moor Common, Tatmavjh and Rujhy Common, Three Willowes, and Cotes Hyron Common, Fori ft Lane, and other frnali Parcels of Common; and alleging, that the said Earl of Huntingdon is Lord of the Manor of Loughborough, aforesaid, and the said Mailers, Fellows, and Scholars, are Patrons to the Rectory or Parish Church of Loughborough aforesaidt and the said Thomas Alkyne, present Rector thereof, is in Right of the said Rectory intilled to certain Glebe Lands lying within the said Fields and Meadows, and also to all I l ie Rectorial and Vicarial Tythesarifing in the said Lordship, Township, or Liberty, and to sundry Parcels of Meadow Ground, antiently laid out in Satisfaction of the Tythes arising in certain Parts of the said Lordship, Township, cr Liberty (now Tyfhe free), and that the Earl of Huntingdon, and others, the Petitioners, and other Owners of autient Houses, are intitled to the said several Commons, or common Ground, in Riglil of such antient Houses, within the said Town of Loughborough, and the said Earl, others the Petitioners, and other Proprietors of Laud and Meadow, are intitled to the other Lands and Grounds lying within the said 14 several

Neithtop

Incluiure.

Slnptnn

Incluiure.

32 Geo. II. Februariu

several Fields and Meadows, and to the Right of Common at open Time of the fame, which, for many Years past, to prevent Expence and Trouble, have, at the said open Times, been eat anddepaflured promifcuoully with the said several Commons or common Grounds; and that several Parts of the said Fields, Meadows, and Commons, lie at a great Distance from the fairl Town of Loughborough; other Parts of the said Fields are very improper to be held in Tillage, yielding little or no Advantage to the Proprietors and Occupiers; and the Whole of the Proprietors Lands and Grounds lying intermixed and difpcrled 1:1 arid over the said common Fields and Meadows, and chiefly in very small Parcels, are thereby rendered of final,1 Value, and, in their pre-fens Situation, incapable oflmprovement; and that in case each Person’s Lands and Grounds were laid together, and the same inclosed, it would not only be for the Benefit of the several Proprietors and Occupiers, but for the general Advantage of the Inhabitants of the Town of Loughborough, and of public Utility; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to* bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Toitmjhend and the Lord Strange &o prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of common Lands, common Meadows,common Failures, common Grounds, commonable Lands, and Tythes, lying and arising within the Fields, Libert ies Territories, and Precincts and Townlliip of Ncithrop, in the Parilli of Ban-bury, in the County of Oxford, was prefeuled to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is, in the said Liberties, Territories, Preempts, and Townships, One large, open, and common Field, known by the Name of Neithrop Field, confiding of Four Quarters or Divisions, known by the Names of Lozver Side. Green-hill Side, For kham «57r/e, and ChoakwellSide, and containing together Sixty Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and a!f> Five several Pastures and Commons, knownbv the Names of the White Post, Cozv Layer, Paddock, Great March, and causezcays, and called the Cow Common and the Sheep Common, or NeithropComn:on, containing together Fifty Acres, or thereabouts; and alleging, That the Petitioners, and divers others, are together felled or poffelfed of, and are the Owners and Proprietors of, all the Land, Grounds, Pastures, Commons, and Tythes. lying and arising within the said Field, Liberties, Territories, Precincts, and Townlliip; and that the Petitioners. and divers other Land-owners, in respect of their several Lands and Grounds, are intitled to, and do enjoy. Common of Pasture for their Cattle upon all the said common Field, commonableLands, Pastures, and Commons therein, by a determinate Stint, and in a certain Proportion, exclusive of all other Persons-whatsoever; and that the said several Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and of others. Land-owners and Proprietors of the said open and common Field, lie intermixed auddifperfed in small Parcels in and over the said Field, and are nioft of them inconveniently situated; and that so Jong as the said common Field and Commons lie open and uninclosed, the same produce hut little Profit to the Petitioners. and others the Proprietors and Owners thereof;, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given for bringing in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, aligning, and allotting, the said common Field,common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands; or that the Petitioners may have inch other Relief in the Premises as to the Ifoufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Tozvnfttend and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Patron and Rector of the Redlory and Parilli Church of Slapton, in the County of North-

Vol. 2 3.

ampton, and of the several Freeholders, Ownon* mid proprietors of Lands and FI bites in the open and common Fields of Sla pi on aforesaid, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was prefeuted to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners arc feifod or poueubd of several Freehold Rftates, and other Properties, in the said open and common Fields* which lie intermixed-'and dif-perfect over the whole Fields in small Parcels, by means whereof great Inconveniences doarife to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the said Lands and Lillies; and alleging, that the f ane are incapable of Improvement, in their present Situation: And more Jure praying. That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said open and common Fields of Slapton atbreiaid, according to each Per foil’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bringin a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Townshend, and Sir Edmund Jjha/n, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham, was prefeuted to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Roads leading from a Road called Little Gate, at the Top of Leaden!;am Hill, in the said County of Lincoln, to the Welt End of Hamby Gate in Newark, and from the Guide Post at the Division of Kelham and Mujkham Lane. through Soutdwell to Man/-'

,field, in the said County of Nottingham, and Bcrr/Soufh-. well to Oxton, in the said County of Nottingham, are become extremely deep and dangerous and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended: And therefore proving, That Leave may be given to bring i:i a Bill for effectually repairingand widening the said Road, in inch maimer as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Commit lee: And that they do ex.v mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it dial I appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Robert Sutton, Lord Geo. Ca vend ft:, Mr. Maxwell, Mr. ChohrJcy, Mr. Town/heud, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Alderman Did: inf a:. Sir Geo. Montgomerie Me! ham, Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gore, Mr. tier holds. Lord Cary.fort, Mr. Hilt, Lord Strange, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Geo. Gnftmv, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Kynaftcn, Mr. Oknius, Mr. Martin, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Warren Mr. Alexander. Mr. Lewis, Mr. Nor I hey, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Heweft, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Geo. Sa-vile, Mr. Prohyn, Mv. Moure, Mr. Hanger; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Lincoln, Derby, and York: And they are 10 me -t this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Magiffratesand Council of the Chy of Glasgozc, was prefer,ted to the House, and read; letting forth. That the River Clyde, from Dumbuck to the Bridge of G/a/gow, is so very Diallow in several Parts, that Boats, Lighter-s, Bargee or other Velfeis, cannot pass to and from the said City, except in time ol l loocl or high Whiter; and alleging, that if the same was ck anf-ed, and the Navigation t hereof made more commodious by a Lock or Dam over the fame, it would be a great Encouragement to the:Trade and Manufactures of the said City, and Parts adjacent, and of great Utility to the Public in general; and that the Bridge over the said’ River Clyde, called the Bridge of Glajgvw, is so narrow and inconvenient, that there is not Room for one Car-rige to pais by another; and, by realon of the Weakness and Insufficiency of the saul Bridge, no heavy Carriages are permitted to pass over thy fame; and that when the Fords shall be dellroyed, by deepening the River, Jt will be* nccefi’ary to build a Bjidge over the-'

l‘«nno,«

Leadenhnm

Hill

Read.

Clyde'

auni’

u.

388 i0 Februarii. 1759-

sufficient for the Passage of Carriages and Travellers to and from the said City; but that the Petitioners are unable to effect the said Works without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to complete the said Works, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Campbell, Mr. Towns-kend, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hume, Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. Staunton, Lord Strange, Mr. Kynaston, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Willy, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Crojje, Mr. Bacon. Mr. Calvert, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Briidenell, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Medlycotl, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Pitt, Mr Ceitch, Mr. Slid ley, Sir 1 Ludowick Grant, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Campbell; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Barrington A Petition of Thomas Smith and John Grayluirjl

inclosure. Esquires, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, and Tythes, lying and being, and arising, Within the several open and common Fields, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, situate in the Parishes of Great Barrington and Little Barrington, within the Manor of Little Barrington, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the said Thomas Smith, and William Mince, Gentleman, are Lords of the said Manor, and the said John Grayhurst is Impropriator of the Rectory of Little Barrington; and alleging, that the Petitioners, together with several other Persons, are the Owners of all the Lands, Grounds, and Tythes, within the said common Fields, and, in Right of their said Lands, do enjoy a Right of Common for their Cattle in and over the said Fields, Grounds, and Lands, at certain Times in the Year, by a determinate Stint and Proportion; and that the said Fields, Grounds, and Lands, in their present Situation, afford but little Profit to the respective Owners and other Persons, interested therein, and are incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the same may be inclosed, and that specific Parts and Shares thereof may be assigned and allotted to the several Proprietors thereof in Severalty, in proportion to their respective Lands, Grounds, and Tythes and Common Right, in the said common Fields, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictious as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Morton, Mr. Willy, Mr. Bertie, and Mr. Chester,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

0Rh^ton of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other

Koadt. Inhabitants, of the Town of Southmolton, and of the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from the said Town of Southmol-ton, through the several Parishes of Southmolton, George Nympton, Mary Anjleigh, Romanjleigh, Mejhaw, East Worlington, to a certain Place called Dray ford Bridge, in the Way to the City of Exeter-, and also the Road from the said Town of Southmolton, through the several Parishes of Southmolton, George Nympton, King's Nympton, Chulmleigh, and Chawleigh, to a certain Place called Lablaud's Crojfs, in the said Parish of Chawleigh, in the Way to the said City of Exeter; and also the Road from the said Town of Southmolton, through the several Pa-5

riflies of Southmolton, Bishop's Nympton, Rose Ash, Knowflone, Creacomb, and Rackenford, to a certain Place called Crafty House, in the Wav to the Town of Tiver- . ton; and also the Road from the said Town of South-motion, through the several Parishes of Southmolton, Philleigh, and Swimbridge, to a certain Place called Kerfcott Hill, in the Way to the Town of Barnstable; and also the Road from the said Town of Southmolton, through the several Parishes of Southmolton and Chillle-hampton, to a certain Place called Umberleighford, in the said Parish of Chiltlehampton, in the Way to the Town of Torrington; are in many Places very narrow and incommodious, very steep, and dangerous to Travellers, and almost impassable for Carriages, and cannot be fufliciently amended and kept in good Repair by the Laws now in being; and alleging, that the said Roads might be made much more commodious and safe, if a Power was granted of turning them, lb as to avoid some Precipices, and to make I he Ascent and Descent of the Hills more gradual and cafy: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, repairing, and amending, the said several Roads, with all such further and other Powers as may be nceessary and proper for carrying the said Purposes into Execution in the belt and moll effectual Manner, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premift s as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Ilonfc:

And it is referred to Mr. John Walter, Mr. Willy,

Mr. Kynaston, Lord Strange, Mr. Sandys, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Affleck, x\Ir.

Lifter, Mr. Fuller, Lord Venice, M r. Smith, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Ridley, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Hanger,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Symons, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Probyn,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Cholmtey,

Mr. Prolife, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Medlycotl, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Moore, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Trift, Mr. ‘ Gajhry, Mr. John Fuller, Sir John Glynn, Mr. VanfiUart; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Dorset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of Manchester the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Com Mills. Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town, was presented to the.

House, and read; alleging, That the Inhabitants of the said Town having long laboured under very great Inconveniences arising from the Right claimed by the Feoffees of certain WTater Corn Mills, called the School Mills, of grinding, at the said Mills, all the Corn and Grain that should be consumed by the said Inhabitants, notwilh-standing the Impoflihility of grinding at the said Mills, all the Corn and Grain necessary for the Subsistence and Consumption of the said Inhabitants, the Petitioners, with several others, Inhabitants of the said Town, did, in the last Session of Parliament, apply, by Petition to this House, for Relief in the Premises; which Petition was referred to the Consideration of a Committee; who agreed upon a Report, and also came to several Resolutions, which were agreed to by the House; hut, the Session being far advanced, theie was not then an Opportunity of carrying into Execution the Relief pro [to fed to be granted by th6 laid Refutations; and representing to the House, that unless the said Relief, or fume other effectual Relief be granted, the said Inhabitants will he subject to great Difficulties in procuring a sufficient Supply of Flour and Meal, to the great Discouragenient of the Trade and Manufactures of the said Town: And therefore praying the House to take these Matters into their Consideration, and lo grant such Relief as is proposed by the said Refutations,or that such other effectual Relief may be granted as the House shall think proper.

The

c.oogie

32 Geo. II. ? Februarin38.5;

The House was moved) That the RefohUions, which) upon the 9th Day offiune, in the last Session of Parliament, were reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lan-tafier; and also the Petition of the.Feoffees of the Free Grammar School and School Mills in the Town of Man* chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed*. and also the Petition of William Dauijon, of Manchester, in the County of Lancaficr, Gentleman, Tenant of the School Mills in the said Town of Manchester; were referred; and which Refuliitions were then agreed to byt-the House; might be read:

And the hime were, as agreed to by the House, read accordiugly; and are as followeth.; viz. '... , > ,

-mV" Resolved, Tlftit the Mills in the Town of Mdnckeftdr, *edmmonly called the School Mills', do now contift of ^Three separate Edifices. ’ '

f> "Refolved, That in one of the said Edifices, which is W4now commonly called thd middle Mill, was a Fulling *4and Logwood Mill, at the time of making the Decrees in the Duchy Court of Lancaster in the Years 1670 44 and 1703, whereby the Inhabitants were required to " grind all the Corn and Grain for the Use of the said Town at Four antient Water Com Mills mentioned in such Decrees.

"Refolved, That the said Edifice, called the middle 44Mill, hath been, within the Memory of Man, con- verted from a Fulling and Logwood Mill into a Corn "Mill.

44 Resolved, That great Quantities of Oatmeal are now used by she Inhabitants, as well for their Subsistence as for the carrying on their Manufactures in the said Town,

"Rejolved, That the said Mills, having no Kiln for drying, are incapable of making Oats into Meal.

44 Resolved, That all the Mills now used in the said /‘Three Edifices are incapable of grinding all the Corn .4C and Grafa necessary for the Subsistence and Consump- tion of the Inhabitants'of the said Town.

44 Resolved, That it appears by Three Decrees of the Duchy Court of Lancaster, dated 4th of May 1594, 44 the.:14th of November 1607, and the 23d of Febraaiy 441703, that there were formerly Four Water Mills at Manchester for grinding of Corn.

44 Resolved, That the Four Water Corn Mills, mcn- tioned in the said Decrees, confided only of Four Pair of Millstones and three Water Wheels, viz. Two Pair of Millstones for grinding Wheat, Rye, and Barley, and Two Water Wheels at one of the said "Edifices called Upper Mill, and One Pair of Mill-44stones for grinding Wheat, Rye, and Barley, and "another Pair of Millstones for grinding Malt; and "One Water Wheel at the other of the said Edifices called the lower Mill.

44 Resolved, That the many Suits, which have been "commenced and prosecuted in relation to the Custom of grinding at the said Mill, have been attended with " a very considerable Expence, to the manifeil Prejudice "of the Charity to which the Profits of such Mills are applicable.

"Refolved, That the free Admission and Sale of Wheat, Rye, and Barley, Flour, and Oatmeal, for " the Use of the said Inhabitants, will tend to a more "convenient, easy, and effectual, Supply for their Con- fumption, than the limiting such Consumption to the 4* Flour and Meal ground at the said School Mills.

44 Resolved, That the permitting such Free Admission, *4Sale, and Use, of Flour and Meal, and securing to " the said Charity a proper Equivalent for any Deficiency which may be occasioned thereby in the Profits of the Mills, will be a mutual Advantage to the said Town " and Charity.

44 Resolved, That the allowing and securing to the " Feoffees of the said Mills a certain annua) Sum, not " exceeding Fifty Pounds, more than the net Income of VoL. 28.

"the said Mills, for the Use of the said Chhrity, upon A "Medium, for Twenty Years past, will be a sufficient Satisfaction to the said Feoffees for their Estate and " Interest in the said Mills, and bean Advantage to the said Charity." 1 ‘

Ordered, That Leave be grVen to bring'in a Bill for discharging the Inhabitants of the Town of Mavchester^ in the County Palatine of Lancaster, from the Custom of grinding all tfyeir Corn and Grdin/except at Certain Water Corn Mills in the said Tbvvny dalled^the School Mills, and for confirming, such Custom! wi^R respect to Malt, upon the Payment of a pecuniary, vin lieu of the usual, Toll; and for settling and securing to the (Feoffees thereof a proper.-Satisfaction for their Estate and Inlerelt in the said Mills, tq be applied to th£ charitable Uses for which the same were grarited f And that the Lord Strange md Mr; Townjkend do prepare, Ond bring in, the fame* ’ ! 1 f , .;

v \,; ..t

A Petition of the Mayor, Bnrgeffest and Commonalty, of the City of Brifioli under their Gommdri Seal,' was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Bridge of Bristol, over the River Avojiyby Meahs of the prefefnt Buildings (landing thereon, is < extreme narrovf* inconvenient, and dangerous topafs over* whereby fr£* quCntMifchiefsdohappertfromStopsandlnterruptions; and that the Foundation of the said. Bridge has been found, on Examination, to be foundttqd'good; and the Bridge capable of such Improvemftits, by rebuilding from the said Foundation, as may ba of public Utility and Advantage to the Navigation- and that by the Removal of the Houses, and other Obstructions thereon, the Passage of the said Bridge would be rendered very safe and commodious: And* therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging,* the said Bridge, and to raise Money for effecting the fame, or that the House will grant the Petitioner* such other Relief in the Premises, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem most meet,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Nugent, Mr. Smithy Lord Strange, Mr. Townjkend, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Northey, Sir James Lordlier, Mr. Frowfe, Sir Geo. Savilei Mr. Flumptre, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Foote, Mr. Bacon, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Sandys, S\r John Cttfi, Mr. Hume, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Moore, Mr. Symons, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Lbwmles, Mr. Barrozo, Mr, Charlton, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Fane, Major General Cornwallis, Mr. Thoroton, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Lockyer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset and Gbucester: And they are to meet this afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Earl of Huntingdon, Lord of the Manor, and a Proprietor of Land, in the open and common Fields of Hoton, in the County of Leicester; Charles James Facke Esquire, Impropriator of both the great and small Tythes there, and the Proprietor of a very considerable Part of the Land in the said Fields; and Thomas Jones, Francis Winfield, Richard BonJ'an, John Foidds, John Savage, and others. Proprietors of Lands in the said Fields, was presented to the House, and read; alleging that the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that if the said Fields were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties interested, according to their Interests therein, it would be a general Benefit to them, and be-of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may 5 G be

Bristol

Bridge,

Hotan

Inclosureg

390

Februarii.

j. 1.759.

Kirkby

Kendal

Road.

Thistleton

Inclosure.

be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and incJofing the said Fields, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thbrnas Palmer and'Mr: Lowndes do ’prepare, and bring in, the fame.;

A Pbtition of the Mayor, Recorder; Aldermen, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town, and Burgh of KirkbyKendal, in the County of Westmoreland, and of the several Townships of Kelfigton, Levels, Heversham, Milnthrop, Beet horn; Whqffet, Holmd, and Burtifiiy in the said County of Westmor eland, was preferred to the House, and read; setting forth, That the high Rbads leading from the Town of Kirkby Kendal, aforesaid, by Sizerghfellfide, to Levens Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of Milnthrop, to Dicks's, and from the said Town of Milnthrop to Hang Bridge, and from, thence to the Guide Post near Clawthrop Hall-to join the-ffirra^forTurnpike Road, in the said County of Weft-mordaiidyzre in many Places extremely rough arid in* commodious', and' in others very ruinous and narrow, dan gerousfor Travellers, and almost impaffablefor Wheel Carriages*'and^can not he widened and repaired by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying. That JLeave may be given to bring in a Bill for the widening, 'repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, the said 'Roads, with such further and other Powers as may be necessary and proper to carry the same into Execution in the bed and most effectual Manner t hat may be, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; arid<Yeport the fame, as it ifoatl appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James' Lowther, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Willy, Mr. Hume, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lyjter, Mr. Symons, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Medlycolt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Martin, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Ridley, Mr Lewis, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ixwndes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Alderman Beck ford, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Felhnves, Mr. Trift; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Westmor eland, Lancaster, York, Durham, Northumberland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

A Petition of George Bridges Brudcnetl Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Thifteton, in the County of Rutland, the Reverend John Smith, Rector of the Parish Church and Parish of Thifteton, and several other Persons, interested in the open Arable Fields, open Meadows, common Failure, and waste Grounds, in the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That the Lands belonging to the several Proprietors, in the said Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and alleging, that if the said Fields and Meadow s, and the common Failure, and waste Grounds, were divided arid inclosed in Allotments, according to each Person’slnterest therein, and a proper Compensation or Recompence made for the Tythes, the same would tend to the Advantage of all the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Reynolds, and Mr. George Bridges Bmdenelt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Manning

the Navy.

A Petition of the Merchants, Owners and Commanders of Ships, of the Port of Whitby, in the County of

17

York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf ofihemfeJve.s, and iriany others, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners ?con-coive* that the Bill for the more effectually manning his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships and Vessels it! the Merchants Service; twill be very 'prejudicial to Trade and Navigation: And therefore praying. That the said Bill riiay not pass into a Law. A f Ordered, That the said Petition do fie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, And other Freeholders and Inhabitants,* of the Counties of Be?ks, Wilts* and Smrey, ,was presented to the Hpufe, and read; setting forth, That the Road from a Place called the Old Gallozvs, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, ta the Town of Wokingham, and from thence through Sgrmifig HiU, in the County of Berks, to a Stream of Water or Rivulet called Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egltam, in the County 01 Surrey, is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually.rer paired and widened by the present Method prescribed By Law: And therefore praying, That Leave iqay be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening die said Road, in such manner.as to the House fhaN seem meet.

Ordered, That the said petition be referred' to thp Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to, Mr: Vansittart, Mf. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Palme?, Mr. Amcotls, Lord North, Mr. Fane, Mr. Calvert, Mr. More, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fox, Mr; Gore, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Lodmdes, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cartwright; Mr. Peachnj, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Prowje, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Rice, Mr. Cooke, M r. Ryder* Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bayytun, Mr. Delava I, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hume, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hanger* Mp. Filler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Surrey, Southampton, Wills, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fire of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty, and of the Guardians of the Poor, of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; reciting several Parts of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for conili tuting the Guardians of the Poor of the said Town; and alleging, that the yearly Assessments,together with the annual Income of the real and perfotiai Estates vested in the Petitioners, have been greatly deficient to answer the Purposes for which the same were intended; and t hat,since the puffin gthesaid Aft, the Poor of the said Town and Parishes are become much more numerous, and the making Provision far them 'ttiord chargeable and expensive; and, by means theteof, the Petitioners have been obliged to take up at Inteceft, and do now owe, the Sum of £. 1,644, and are also- engaged and obliged to payThree several Annuities, for the Livies of Three Persons respectively, amounting, m ail, to the annual Sum of £.33, in Satisfaction for £. 400, by the said Petitioners borrowed of such Annuitants, for the necessary LJfesand Purposes of the said Asti; and that the necessary annual Expences for maintaining and providing for the Poor under the said Act, including therein the Payment of the said Annuities, and Interest of tfte said Debt, have, for Six Years I aft pad, annually exceeded, one Year with another, the Monies received by the Petitioners, by and under the said Act, the Sum of £. 340, and upwards; and that the Expence of maintaining and providing for the said Poor are likely still to increase; and representing several Difficulties and Inconveniences which, the Petitioners allege, arise from the Insufficiency of theftud Act^ and furl her alleging, that the Expences

/for

Sunning,

Road.

Plymouth

F001.

32 Geo. II. i° Februarii. . 391

for the patting and removing of Vagratild \\cYeformerly allowed out of the County Rates for the said County of Devon; but the fame, for about 20 Years. 1 aft pall, have been withheld, on a Suggestion that the said Cor-,? poration, or Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth, had neglected to contribute and pay their 11 foal Quota or Proportion of the Charge of supporting and maintaining the public Gaols and Hospitals of the said County of Devon; and that therefore the said Corporation was not entitled to be reimbursed such their Expences under or by virtue of an Act, passed in the 12th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the more easy assessing, callefting, and levying, of County Rates; and that the Petitioners, the said Mayor and Commonalty, applied to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held in and for the said County of Devon, on the 12th Day of July ,757, to be reimbursed for the future, out of the said County Stock, the Expences 06 conveying Vagrants from the said Town; and to be admitted to all other Privileges, to which the Towits and Parishes in the same County, who contribute to all the County Rates now consolidated, are entitled, upon their, paying, to the Treasurer of the said CountyStoc^ the Sum of £ as their Proportion of every County Rate to be< niacte for the future, and upon the said; Petitioners, procuring a Clause in an Act of Parliament, obliging themselves to pay such Proportion, with proper Powers for the levying thereof; whereupon the said Court of Sessions declared and agreed, that therPetitioners, the said Mayor and Commonalty, complying with the aforesaid Propofol, ought from thenceforth to receive and tye admitted to all the Advantages which other Town's and Parishes in the said County are intitled unto, who contribute to all the said County Rates consolidated by the said Act; and that the Petitioners, the Majror and Commonalty, have agreed for the future to pay their said Quota or Proportion of £.5. 85*. 4 d. to every of the said County Rates hereafter to be made, under proper Provisions for Recovery thereof, by the said Justices of the said County of Devon: And therefore praying the Ho»fe to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act of the 6th of her said late Majesty Queen Anne; and also for raiffng, by further or additional Assessments, Money to be applied for discharging the Money so due and owing, and borrowed and taken up, for the charitable Purposes aforesaid; and for the making a better Provision and Maintenance for the Support of the said Poor of Plymouth for the future, by railing the yearly additional Sum of £. 337. 4*. 9d. and also of paying the Expences of obtaining the Act, and also obliging the Petitioners, the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth, to pay their said respective Quotas to the said County Rates for Devoti as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and-report the fame, as it shalf appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred -to Lord Barrington, Mr. Sondys, Mr. West; Mr. Jlarvty, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Harbord, *Mn Elliott, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Proufe, 'Sir John Crosse, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Nugent, Major General Cornwallis, Mr. Bacon, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Hume, Mr. West-stiling, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Fra?icis Poole, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Geo. Onjino, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Toxvnjhend, Mr. Gore, Mr. More, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Dodd, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Ward, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Vaughan, Lord North, Mr. Luttrell, Sir Nicholas Bailey, Sir Robert Hildyard, Lord ViUiers; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Dorset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. 28.

A Petition of $he Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen,

Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Sussex, and of the several Persons travelling the Road from London, to the Town of Laves, and from thence to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfrifton, in the said County, was pre-fen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of South Mulling, near the Town of Lewes, through Southerqm, by Ramfcomb, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence through Firleftreei, under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfrifton, is isqpaffable for Wheel Carriages in the Winter Season* m^l' very dangerous for Travellers, and cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by Lavy, be effectually ameuded and kept in Repair:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given fa bring in a B»H for repairing the said R9ad, in foci* manner as to the House shall feeta;meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thq Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine thfc Matter thereof & and report the fame, as i,(r stall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Loqd Gage, Ml, Fane, Mr,

B.dcon, Mr.' Witty,* Mr, Charlton, Mr* Kynajlim, Mr,

WHkes, M r. Harvey, Mr. Offlcy, Mr. Probyn, Mx. Gray9 Mr^Amrotts, Mr. Geo. Brudendl, Mr. Neff it t9 Qolonel Brudene/l, Mv: Berkeley i Mr. Wilkinson, Mr James Brudmell, Mr: Lyjler, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Si/mons, Mr. Ward, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Colcbrvoke, Mr.

Fuller, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Affleck, Sir John Go don, Mr. Cr after. Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Yorke, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Geo. Cavendish,

Mr. Drake, Sir Geo. Savile, Sir Francis Poole; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suftex, Sur*-rey, and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and the j^ewcaftje rest of the Common Council, of the Town of Neivcqjtle upon Tyne upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcajtle Streets. upon Tyne, in Common! Council assembled; and also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Nezv- Ditto. castle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Nczvcajt{e upon Tyne, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the keeping an able and regular Watch in the Night, and enlightening the Streets in the said Town, would tend greatly to the Preservation of the Property and Persons of the Inhabitants, and be a great Means to prevent Robberies, Burglaries, and other Misdemeanors; and that the regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, common Porters, and Watermen, would be of great Convenience to the said Inhabitants: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in aJJill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Anri that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Ridley, Lord Gage, Mr. Fane, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Probtm,

Sir William Beaiichamp Pro ft or, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Lyjler, Mr. Fcllozves, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Alder, man Dickinson, Sir Geo. Halftone, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Wilkes, Mr. Hume, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Heivetf, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wat fan, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Luttrell,

Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Cr after, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Cholmley,

Mr. Ridley, Sir Francis Pcole, Mr. Roxvney, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Brudencll,

Mr. Geo. Delaval, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Lmvndes, Mr.

Boives, Mr. Crrffivell, Mr. Sandys. Sir Thomas Palmer,

Mr. John Fuller, Sir William Peer Williams, Mr. Paw-ell. Sir Geo. Sanile, M\\ Rigby, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Wilkinson,

392 i Februarii'A. 1759*

* r \

Sir John Turner, Mr. Dclaval, Sir Robert HiMyard, Bentley and Arkfey, and Parish of Arkfey, in the Mr. Drake, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Carysforl; and County of Fbnt.

all the Members who serve for the Counties of North- Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry* the Bill to the

umber land, Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lancaster, York, Lords, and desire their Concurrence, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have The House being informed. That Mr. Collingwood, Foundling Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Secretary to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Hospi&L

Education of exposed and deserted young Children, at-Crickly Hill A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names stre tended at the Door;

Raads. thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed to put inExe- He was called in 5 and, at the Bar, presented to the Oution an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of House, pursuant to their Order, his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the N° 1. An Account of what Number of Children have Road from the Top of Crick ley Hillin the County of been received into the Hospital for the Maintenance Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of North- and Education of exposed and deserted youngChildren, leach, Bur ford, and Witney, and Parities of Hanker ongh from the 9th to the 31st Day of December 1758, indu-< and Bladen, to Cam fix field, in the Parifll of Kidling ton, in five: And also,

the County of Oxford, and affo the Road from Witney, ! , N°2:. An Account of the Number of Children who

through Evjhaw, Cummer, and Botley, to the City of O r- were living on the 31st Day of December 1758, inclu-ford, was presented tb the House, and rfcad; fetti'ftg forth) five, uhder the Care of the Hospital for the Maintenance That, by virtue of the said Act, Two Turnpikes have and Education of exposed and deserted young Children: been set up on that Part of the said Road which lies in And also,

the County of Glxmcejlei', to wit, one on that Part there- 3. Au Account ofwhat Number of Children hare

of which lies between the Top of Crickley Hill aforesaid been placed out to Apprent iceships, or returned to their and the said Place called Frogg Mill; and the other on Parents (others none), by the Hospital dor the Main-that Part thereof which lies between Frogg Mill and the tenance and Education of exposed and deserted young utmost Extent of the said County of Gloucester, towards Children, from the 9th to the 31st Day of December the Town of Burford, in the County of Oxford 5 and the 1758,* inclusive: And also,

AVhole of the Tolls have been taken at such one of the N° 4- An Account of all Monies received and paid said Turnpikes, through whteh any Horse Or other Bead by the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of has first passed; and alleging, that the taking the said exposed arid deserted youngChildren, between the 9th Tolls in t he manner aforesaid hath been found to be very and 3*1 ft Day of December 1758,inclusive, together with inconvenient in many respects; and that it would be the Balance then remaining, much more advantageous if One-half of the said Tolls And then he withdrew, was to be taken at one of the said Turnpikes, and the And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

other Half at the other; and that the several Persons, Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Ta-

who have advanced Money on the Credit of the said ble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Act, are consenting to the said Alteration, provided the The said Accounts are preserved amongst theother Trustees be impowered to restore the same to their for- Papers of this Session.

mer Situation, in case the Alteration in collecting the fame shall be found to prejudice their Securities under The Lord George Cavendish reported from the Com* chesterfeH the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may mittee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Ro*L be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; Freeholders, Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the County and forgiving such other Powers, for making the said of Derby, residing near, and usually travelling, the high Act more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, Roads therein after mentioned, lying in the County of as to the House shall seem meet. Derby aforesaid, whose Names are thereunder written,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the was referred. That the Committee had examined the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; shall appear to them, to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

- And it is referred to Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Chester, Mr. delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Kynaston, Mr. Loxvndes, Mr. Fane, Sir Thomas Palmer, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. More, Sir Willoughby Ajton, Mr. Fuller, Sir John To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Crosse, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Walter, Mr. Hanger, Sir Geo. Mr. William Johnson, being examined, said, That so

Savile, Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ridley, much.of the high Road leading from Chejierfield to Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Bedford, Mr. Chappel en le Frith, in the County of Derby, aslies be-Warcl, Mr. Rice, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Stanley, Mr. tween Chejierfield and the Turnpike Road at Heniftone Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Proufe, Sir John Lane Head, and so much of a Side Branch from the said Cnjl, Ms. Foley, Mr Lewis, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Cart- Road as leads out of the same upon the East Moor, and wright, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Drake, Mr. Shelley, Lord Geo. unites again with the said Road near* Wardlouj Mires,

Cavendish, Mr. Molyneux, General Cornwallis, Mr. and also the high Road leading between the said Road

Hill, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Fonei'eau, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Pro- and Branch from Calver Bridge to Bajlow Bridge, and

byn, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Geo. Ovjl&w; and all so much of the high Road between the Market Town

the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, of Ashborne, in the said County of Derby, and Sheffield,

Oxford, Wilts, and Worcester: And they are to meet in the County of York, as lies between the Turnpike this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Road near Ncivhaven House and the Turnpike Road Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, near Grindleford Bridge, are become very deep and and Records. fouhderous, and in many Places almost impassable, and

in others are so narrow as not to admit of the Passage Sentley An Bill for establishing and rendering effec- of Wheel Carriages: That he has surveyed all the said

with tual certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing and Roads, and said, that it is impossible the same can be

Arkfey dividing the Commons and waste Grounds in the Town- effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in

loclosure. ships of Bentley and Arkfey, and Paritli of Arkjey, in the being.

County of York, was read the Third time. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Rcfolvrd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title repairing and widening the Road from Chesterjieldto the . be, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual cer- Turnpike Road at Hernstone Lane Head, and also the tain Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing Road branching from the said Road upon the East Moor, the Commons and waste Grounds in the Townships of through Bajlow and Wardlow, to the Joining of the said

Road*

32 Geo. II. I ' — 3° Februarii.

393

Roads again near Wardlow Mires, and also the Road leading between the said Road and Branch from Calver Bridge to Bajlozo Bridge; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road near Nexchaven House to the Turnpike Road near Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby: And that the Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Henry Fane, and Sir Nathanael Curzon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Pewtoury Sir George Dalston reported from the Committee, to to whom the Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Ealand Manufacturers, Traders, Owners and Occupiers of a u Lands, Coal Mines, and other Mines and Quarries, in the several Parishes and Town ships of Ealand, Raft rick, Fixbij, Kir kite a ton, Huddersfield, Bradley, Uartijhead, Clifton, Mir field, Dezvfbun/, and other Places adjacent, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fqlloweth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Nir.John A/hton, being examined, said. That he knows the Road from Deivsbury to Ealand, which is about Nine or Ten Miles in Length, extended through a populous and trading Country, and by means of the many heavy Carriages and Paekhorfes passing on the fame, is become very ruinous and dangerous; and that some Part thereof leads over steep Hills, and that other Paris thereof Lad through narrow Lanes, and deep hollow Ways, which are so extremely narrow, that Two Carriages cannot pass each other; and that if the said Roads were repaired and widened, it would he of great Advantage to ihe Country, but that the Laws in being are insufficient effectually to repair and widen the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Sir George Dalston, Sir Lionel Pilkington, and Mr. Wilkinson, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Prefron Mr. Ofxoald presented to the House, according to nc o urc. order, a I3,'i| for dividing and inclosing the open, Arable, Meadow, Padure, and walte Grounds, in the Pari ill o f P ref ton upon Slower, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Re joked. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wilbraham’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act forcontinuing, establishing, and confirming, the Surname and Arms of Rootle unfo Richard Wilbraham, Bootle . Esquire, formerly caUcdRichard Wilbraham, and Mary Wilbraham Bootle. his Wife, and their I Hue, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Bootle Knight, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Willy, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Pole, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Frozefc, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Nor they. Sir CharlesMordciinl, Mr. Ky nation, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Fel-haves, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fuller, Lord Strange, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Geo Onslow, M r. Bayntun , K\v. Cartwright, Mr. Mo re,.Sir Francis Poole. Mr. T Idrrman Dickitfon, Sir John Cruffe, Mr. Fomrean, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Rice, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Sandys, Sir Ell is Cun life, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gore, Mr. I lame, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Forrejier, Mr. Levejbn Cower, Mr. P lit mire. Sir IVm. Pccre Williams, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Nicholas Bailey, Mr. A agent, Mr. Cocks, MrRmoney. Sir Richard Lloyd, Mi \ Affleck, Sir William More loti, Mr. Tvicnjhcnd, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Pit I, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Smith, Mr. Calihorpe, Mr. Hanger, Sir Lionel PiUcingtcn, Mr. Hill, Mr. Vci jilt art, Mr. Barrow, Mr Drake, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Waller, Mr. More, Mr, Dodd, Mr. Shelley; and all the Members who serve lor ' VOL. 28.

the Counties of Lancaster, Chestet\ York, Westmoreland, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring Importation in a Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle from of Cattle Ireland., for a Time to be limited; ird!md

I he House was moved, That the Preamble of an Act, made in the 18th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act against importing Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, and Fish taken by Foreigners, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly

Ordered, That Leave be given to bnng jn a Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, for. a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Nugent, Mr. liar- \

bord, Sir William Peere Williams, and the Lord Strange,; do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

.,:T

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven*#Importation night, rcfolvft itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, of to consider of the Duties now payable on the Importa-. ire[and. tion of Tallow from Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris,2° die Fe;

Anno 32° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Bumfley, holders, residing in the Town of Barnsley, in the County of York, and others, living near, and travelling-on, the Road leading from Barnsley aforesaid to Huddersfield and Halifax, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from the Town and Township of Barnsley, towards Huddersfield, that is to say, from a Place upon the East Side of Barnsley Common, near to a small Rivulet, called Meaje-brough Dike, where the Road from Barnsley To Doncaf-ier leaves the Turnpike Road from thence to Saltcrf-brooke, through the downs and Townships of Barnsley,

Barugh, DaHon, Kexbrough, West Bretlcn, Midgley, and Fiction, to about the Middle of a certain Moor, called Grage Moor, in the Road from Wakefield to Huddersfield aforesaid, and from thence to a certain other Place, called White Cross, through the Townships of Whitley, KFkheaton, and Bradley, in the Road from Wakefield to Ealand, and also the Road from a certain Guide Post in Barugh aforesaid to the North-weft Side of a small Brook or Rivulet (which divides the Townlliips of Barugh and Caivihore), called Barugh Brook, are in many Places narrow, and in the Winter and rainy Sea-fons so deep and fonndcrous, and in fime of Floods dangerous, and often quite impalpable, for want of Bridges over Three Rivulets in the said Roads, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confide ration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ftiail appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Hewett, Sir Francis Poole. Mr. Probyn, Mr. Gore, Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Sar* gent, Mr. OIndus. Mr. More, Mr. Geo. Onjloxo, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Charlton, 'Sir.Jennings, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Webb, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Glynn, Mr,

Ridley, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Symons, Lord Parker, Mr.

Belchier, Lord Geo. Manners, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lyjter,

Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Phmtre, Sir Thomas Painter, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Egmont, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

5 H Lifer,

ie

Knaref-

borough,

&c.

Road.

Lee

Navigation*

394 a Februarit. A. 1570*

Lifter, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Palmer, Sir Philinps, Mr. Townshend, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Jb/w Crojfe, Mr, Willy, Mr. Gqffny, Mr. G>rw<?zt;a//, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Yorke, S\v John Cvft\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West more-/awtf, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land-owners, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Knaresborough, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land-owners, Miners, and Inhabitants, re-tiding in and about Graffington, and other Parts of the said West Riding, whoseN&mes are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the high Road leading from Knaresborough afore-to Graffington, in the said County of York, through Rixleij, Scaroe, Palely Bridge, Greenhozv Hill, and Heb-den, is very ruinous, and dangerous to Passengers, not only in the Winter, but also in the Summer Season, and for the most Part thereof so very narrow, that Carriages cannot pass along the same without the greatest Difficulty: And thereforepraying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and amending, the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred toSir Henry Slingsby, Sir George Sa-vile, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. More, Lord Geo. Manners, Mr. Smith, Sir John Gtynne, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Gore, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ryder, Lord Parker, Mr. Scott, Mr. Webb, Mr. Powell, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Rigby, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Bayn-tun, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Plumpfre. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Campbell, Mr Sargent, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Butter, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Bridgman, Sir John Cvft, Mr. Belchicr, Mr. Ofioald, Mr. Boone, Mr, Wilkes, Mr. Nugent, Sir Geo. Montgomerie Metham, Mr. Probyn, Nlv. Vansittart, Mr. Rowney, Lord Digby, Mr. Fane; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lancaster, Derby, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of an Art, made in the 12th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for ascertaining preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware to the new Cut or River made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of London; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of Lon-rfemand Westminster, and the Liberties and Suburbs t hereof, with good and wholesome Water; and of several Persons interested or concerned in the Navigation of Vessels upon the said River Lee -, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That no effectual Provision is made, in the said Act, for the Punishment of Persons injuring or destroying the Works belonging to the said Navigation; and alleging, that several Difficulties have occurred in putting the said Act in Execution; and that the said Navigation cannot be effectually preserved and improved, unless some further Provision is made for that 18

Purpose 5 and that several Disputes have arisen in relation to the Right of towing with Ilorfes upon the ancient Haling or Towing Paths on the Sides of the said River, whereby the Navigation has been laid under great Difficulties and Discouragements: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effort ual the said Art ? and to obviate the Doubts which have arifeii with respect to the Use of the said Towing Paths, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as, upon Examination, this House shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jennings, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Hume, Admiral Bofcazven, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Griffin, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. FeHowes,

Sir John Turner, Mr. A1or rice, Mr. Webb, Mr. Rozoney, Mr. Whittington, Mr. Fane, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Medlycott,

Sir John Cujt, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Symons, Sir Henry Sling [by, Mr, Hill, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr. Prozvfe, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Foley, Sir John Hinde Cotton. Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Nezvnham, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Butter, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Trijl, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Bayntrn, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Smith, Mr. Campbell, Mr. PiU, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Townshend, Sir Francis Poole j and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, E/fex, Cambridge, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor and approved Men, and others, Inhabitants within the Town o{Guildford, in the County of Surrey, whose Hands are thereto set, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the establishing, well-ordering, and regulating, a Watch, in the Night Time, and enlightening the open Places and Streets, within the said Town of Guildford, is of very great Importance for the Preservation of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants thereof, and very necessary to prevent Fires, M it friers, Burglaries, Robberies, and otherOutrages and Disorders: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the establishing, well-ordering, and regulating, a Watch in the Night Time, and for enlightening the open Places and Streets within the said Town of Guildford’, and for levying and collecting Money sufficient for defraying the necessary Expences thereof, and of the Watchmen who shall be appointed to take care of the lame, and for enforcing a due Application and just Account of the Money so levied and collederl for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lewis, Mr. More, Mr. With infun, Mr. Thornton, Sxrjohn Cujl, Mr. Hewett, Sir John Philipps* . Mr. Butler, Colonel Gray, Mr. Affleck, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Francis Poclc, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Ryder, Sir Geo. Savile, Sir. John Yorke, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Molyueux, Lord Parker, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Harvey, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Symons, Lord Geo. Manners, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Wittes, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Webb, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Trift> Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Foley, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fuller, Mr, Lutlrett, NIr. Wilkes, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Amy and, Sir Henry Erskine; and all l he Members who serve for the Counties It Su; rey. Suffice, and Southampton: And they are-to meet

this

Stretford’s

Bridge

Koad«

Wakefield

to

Aufterla.net

Hoad.

Mold,

&c,

&oad$.

32 Geo. II.

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Irave Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; feiting forth. That the high Roads leading from St rets;ford's Bridge, over Shirlheath, to Mortimer's Cross, and from thence through Amejlrey, Wigmore, and Leintwardine, in the County of Hereford, as well from Leintwardine, through Clungunford, as thvoughSkelderton&nd also as well from Wigmore,through Watford, Buckton Jay, the Heath Common, Clungunford, and Broom, to the New Inn, in the County of Salop, are, in divers Parts thereof, so deep and ruinous, and in many Places so narrow and dangerous, that Carriages cannot pass or travel in Safety, especially in the Winter Season, nor can the same he repaired by the Law’s now in Force for amending the high Roads of t his Kingdom; and that the said Road leading from Blue Mantle. Hall, near Mortimer's Cross aforesaid, to Amejlrey aforesaid, is intended to be repaired by an Act lately passed; but the Roads included ip such Act beingvery extensive, and the Expence of repairing the same very great, that Part of such Roads hath,not been effectually repaired, but is now in bad Condition; nor can the Roads between Stretford's Bridge and New Inn be properly amended without repealing the last mentioned Act, as to so much of the said Road herein before-mentioned to be included therein, for that such Road lies in the direct Road which the Petitioners desire may be repaired: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for repairing and amending the said Roads from Stretford's Bridge to Nezv Inn, and for repealing the said Act, so far as relate to these Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confide ration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Morgan, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gore, Mr. More, Sir Jaynes Creed, Mr. Jennings, Sir John C raffle, Mr. Mealy cot t, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Butler, Mr. Willy, Mr. Jleicett, Mr. Lysler, Mr. Smith, Sir Willoughby Ajion, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Geo. On-Jtow, Mr. Bayntim, Sir Armine Wodehovje, Mr. Probyn, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ridley, Sir Geo. Savite, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Symons, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Sandys. Lord Geo. Manners, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lewis, Mr. 777/?, Lord Strange, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Wilkin fan, Mr. 777/, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. Rowney, Sir CV//?, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Colehr coke, Mr. Waiter, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Ward; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Monmouth, Gloucester, Worccj’ter, Salop, and Chester; and for the Principality of; And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Lionel Pilkington be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Coal Mines, and other Mines and Quarries, in the several PnrilJies and Town-ships oL Wakefield, Horbury, Nelherton, Overton, Lepton, Atmonbury, Huddersfield, MarJ'den, and Saddleworth, in the Welt Hiding of the County of York, is referred.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Rjj^ds from the Town of Mhld to the Town of Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-y-Cafn and Conway, and from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin, Denbigh, and St. Asaph, and to the Town and Port of lluthland in North Wales, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerpnsto Travellers, and . Vql. 28.

39s

cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Lynch Cotton, Sir Charles! Mordaunt, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Willy, Sir John Cvjt,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lockyer,

Mr. Wilkes, Sir John Philipps, Lord Strange, Sir Geo.

Savile, Mr. Leivis, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Ridley, Mr. More,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hewett, Mr,

Buller, Mr. Medlycoit, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Affleck, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Fane, Mr. Tho-roton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Page, Mr. LyJ’ter,

Mr. Symons, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Gore, Lord Vernqy; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop and Chester; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Studley other Persons,in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of an Act, passed in the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road leading from Studley Bridge, through , Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Tog Hill, in the County of Gloucester; and also of an Act, passed in the: 7th Year of his present Majesty, for further continuing the first-mentioned Act, so far as the same relates to the repairing of the Road from Studley Bridge to Chippenham; and also for repairing the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick; and alleging, that the Trustees appointed by the said Acts have borrowed, upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, the Sum of £. 2,000. which remains due and owing, and cannot be discharged unless the Terms and Powers already granted be further enlarged; and also t aking Notice of an Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Rond from the Town of Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to the Town of Cricklade, and from thence to the Town of Malmsbury, in the County of Witts, and the Road from thenceto join the Turnpike Roadat^stow Turville, in the County of Gloucester; and also the Road from Tethury9 in the said County of Gloucester, through Malmsbury aforesaid, to Chippenham Bridge, and the Road from Sherfton to join the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath; and alleging, that nothing has been done towards repairing that Part of the Road directed' by the said last mentioned Act to be repaired which lies between Chippenham Bridge and Malmsbury aforesaid; and that such Part of the said Road is at present very ruinous, and in many Parts narrow; and that the Road from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid, and also the Road from a House known by the Sign of the Plough, in the Parish of Kingston Saint Michael, adjoining to the Turnpike Road at Crit-tleton, in the said County of Wilts, are in a ruinous Condition, and narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that a Bill may be brought in for continuing, amending, and renderingmore effectual, the said Acts of the 13 th Year of his late Majesty’sReign, and the 1 yth Yearof his present Majesty’&Reign 5 and also for repealingfo much of the said Acts of the 13th of his Iate Majesty’sReign,and of the vythofhispresent Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road lying between a Lane commonly calied or known by the Name o fNocketfs Hole Lane and Pickwick aforesaid, as well as for repealing so much of the said Act, of the 29U1 Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road lying,.between Lower

Stanton>

2° Februarii.

3o6 2° Februarh. d. 1759.

Stanton, in the Parish of Sianton St. Quinlin, in the said County of Wilts, and Chippenham Bridge aforesaid; and for making Pro? ifion for amending and widening the Paid Road, and also for amending and widening the Roads from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid, and adjoining to the Turnpike Road at Sultan Bengar: and nlfo the Road from a House known by the Sign of the Plough, in the Parish of Kingston St. Michael aforesaid, and adjoining to the Tnrnpike Road at a Place called Crilllcton aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Methods, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baynfun, Sir William Corf ring Ion > Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fane, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Felloxoes, Lord Cary.[fort, Mr. Forrejier, Sir LionelPilkington, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Burrard, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Molyneux, Sir William More ton, Mr. Fox, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Murray, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Ilcwett, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Scott, Colonel Gray, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Wilkin foil, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cref cell, Mr. Pill, Lord Villiers, Mr. Proivfe, Lord Adam Gordon, Mr. Ju lines Beck ford. Sir John Gordon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Fo-nereau, Lord Digby, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Smith, Sir John Crqffe, Mr. Gere, Lord Strange, Sir Lynch Colfoiv, nnd all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, Berks, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

jpvcrton A Petition of the Impropriator of the great Tythes in

lnciosure. the Parish of Everton, in the County of Nottingham, and of several Freeholders, and Persons interested in a certain common, called Everton Common, and in the open arable Fields, open Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, in the Townships of Everton and Harwell, in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners, and others, Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands and Tenements in the said Townships, do enjoy a Right of Common upon the said Common; and that the Lands belonging to the Petitioners, and other Proprietors in the said open and arable Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and alleging, that if the* said common and open Fields, open Meadows, Pallure, and waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed in separate Allotments, to be made in,proportion to each Person’s Interest therein, the same would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of all the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave

may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charlton and Mr. Manners do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Harry Earl of Stanford, Lord of the Manor or Manors of Breedon, Tonge, and Wilson, Patron of the Vicarage and Parilli Church of Breedon aforesaid, and a Proprietor of a very considerable Quantity of Land in the open and common Fields in the said several Townships or Hamlets of Bree-dgn, Tonge, and Wilson, the Impropriator of the great Tythes of the said several open and common Fields in the said several Townships or Hamlets of Breedon and Wilson, the Reverend Joseph Hooky Clerk, Vicar of the said Vicarage, and Nathanael Curzon, Henry Biddle, Gentlemen, and others. Proprietors of Lands irv the Fields of the said Township or Hamlet of Breedon, Sir Nathanael Curzon Baronet, John Hell, Henry Dunnijlrop, and others. Proprietors of Lands in the Fields of the said Tow nth ip or Hamlet of Tonga, and the Reverend Henry Swindell Clerk, William Mugglefton, and olhers, Proprietors of Land in the Fields of t he said Township or Hamlet of Wilson, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands of the said several Petitioners, in the said several Fields of the said severalTown-ships or Hamlets respectively, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels in the said several Fields, and are, m their presentSituation,incapabIeofImprovement; and alleging, that if the said several Fields in the said several Townships or Hamlets, and the commonable and waste Grounds in the respective Liberty thereof, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties interested, according to their respective Interests therein, it would be a great Benefit to them, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Fields in the said several Townships or Hamlets, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kynaston and Sir Charles Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Oswald, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

An Estimate of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 2.4th of June 1758 to the 24th of June 1759.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Ax ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1758 to the 24th o {June 1759.

To the Salaries of the Governor, and other Officers and Magi ft rates established in the Colony To an Allowance to aMinister of the Church of England established at Savannah To the Salaries of Two Schoolmasters, One at Savannah, and One at Vernonburgh and Acton To an Allowance to the Pilot stationed at the Month of Savannah River, with a Boat and suffi-

cient Hands....

To repairing the public Buildings, entertaining the Indians, and other contingent Expences -To the Salary of an Agent appointed here for the Affairs of the Colony -To a Continuation of the Provisions made, by the late Trustees, for purchasing from the Growers the Balls or Cocoons of raw Silk, as an Encouragement to the Growth and Culture of it

Total -

2,120 — > —

50-----

435 10 — 35°-----

1,000 —

4,057 10 —

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the A Petition of several of the Inhabitants, and of the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Buildings, and Lands, 15 within

Brecon,

Sec

Inclosure.

Geornia Civ 1 EstabliiiLcr.t,

Air and Calder Navigation Parochial Rale*.

33 Geo. It. 3° Febrilarii.

397

Afncan

Company.

E*portat:on of Malt-

within the Township of Wakefield, in the County of been always exported to foreign Markets, the only Meier/*, was presented to the House, and read; setting thod of disposing of the fame; and alleging, that the Price forth, That the Rivers Air and Calder is an Estate of In- of Corn has been for a considerable time past very low lieritance in the Proprietors thereof; and that the Pro- in the several Markets within the County aforesaid, and fits of One Moiety, or for, or in respect of, One Moiety is nhw reduced to Tlirec Sniffings per Bushel for the heft thereof, have been usually, and are now, rated, assessed, Wheat, and One Shilling and Nine Pence per Blithe! for and paid for, both to the Land Pax and parochial Assess- the heft Rye, One Sh illing and Fourpence Ha! penny per ments of the Town of Leeds'-, and that the Profits of Bitlhelfor the heft Bariev; and that laftYear there was a

t he ot her Moiety, or for, or i n respect of, the other Moiety thereof, have been usually rated and assessed at the said Town of Wakefield; but that, for fonie Years past, Difficulties and Disputes have arisen with respect to the rating and recovering the Assessments for, or in respecfc of, One Moiety of the said Profits to the parochial Assessinetitsat the said Town of Wakefield: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better rating and assessing One Moiety of the Profits of the said Navigation to the parochial Assessments for Town of Wakefield, and for the more easy collecting and recovering the fame, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it flia.ll appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Tlewelt, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John C/tjl, Mr Yorke, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Gvbhon, Mr. Clanton, Sir Lionel Pi Iking! on. Sir John Philipps, General Cornwallis, Mr. Gore, Sir John Cuji, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Charles Kcinys Tynte, Mr. Cook, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Calfhorpe, Mr. Willy, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Webb, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Bacon, Mr, Townshend, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Moore, Mr. Ridley, Kir. More, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kyncifion, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Hitmr, Mr. Butter. Mr. Jennings, Mr. Symons, Kir. Affleck, Mr Morgan, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Prnbyn, Mr. Sewell, Mr. Pict, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Powell, Mr. Sandys: and all the.Members who serve for the Countiesof York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmordand, and Lane after: And they are to mfet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of (he Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be prefen ted to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of (he Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have laid before the House ah Account of the Money granted for 1757; and letting forth, that the Petitioners have inverted the Money granted for 1758 in Goods, Stores, and Necessaries, for the Support of the several Fprts upon the Coast o[Africa: And therefore praying the House to grant such a Sum, for the necessary Support thereof for the enfuingjYear, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is'referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, and of the Grand Juries, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the County of Norfolk, next after Epiphany 1759, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and-Occupiers of Lands in the- County aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Quantities of Corn produced from the arable Lands in the said County beingconftantlymueh greater than the Coufumption there, the Superfluous have

Vol. 28.

very plentiful Crop of all Sort dtifGrain, much more than is necessary for Home Consumption; but the Weather proving unfavourable in the Ilarveft, great Part of the Barley was much damaged* and rendered unfit for any other Use than to be made into Malt for Exportation y and that unless such Barley be spe'cdily so mamificlured1 for that Purpose, the same will he inti rely spoiled, and* mull perish in the Hands of the Growers, which will-be very sensibly felt by the Land-owners: And therefore praying, That Leave may he given for the Exportation of Malt, and that the Petitioners mav have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House lhfcll seem meet. / 1

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That, Antaer their Addrefsof Wednesday last, that his Majesty would ft0^re's

1 n 1 r 1 . r>3- 1 1 1 ’/* for Eltimare;

be graciously plea fed to give Directions, that the Elti-

mate therein mentioned might belaid before this House,

had been presented to his Majesty ;* and that his Majesty

had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he

will give Directions accordingly. ....

A Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, and Norwich of the Grand Juries, assembled at the General Quarter and Sessions of the Peace held for the County of Norfolk, ^j[act next after Epiphany 1759, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Freeholders in the County aforesaid, was 1

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That ..... '

the Shire Ho life adjoining to the Cafte of Norwich (ihe County Gaol) being almost in the Centre of the County, is the most convenient Place to hold the Assizes in, and that the Summer Assizes for the said County have conitantly been held there; but the Lent Assizes havK been held at the Town of Thetford, situate on ‘thfcBorder of the County (Part of it being in the County of Suffolk), Thirty Miles from the said County Gaol, and is a very inconvenient Place for bolding the Assizes in for the said County of Norfolk: And therefore praying;

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the conttanll v holding the l.enl Assizes, as well as the Summer Assizes, for the County of Norfolk, at the Castle of Norxvich, in the Shire House1 there.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.'

Mr. Bertie presented to the House, according to Or- Coant’* der, a Bill to enable John Coant Gentleman, and his: Name*

Issue, to take, and use the Surname and Arras of Wake-tin: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tiipe*

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Register House, the Book of Register, in which all the Money ®f paid into the Exchequer, for the Duties on Offices and duties! Pensions, are entered and registered.

The House, according Order, resolved itself into a Way* Committee of the whole House, to consider further of and Mcan* Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

.5 I Ordered,

398 2b — 3b Febfuarii. A. 1759.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Bacon, Mr. Geo. Onjlozv, Mr. Fuller, Lord Malpas, ~ Monnne. Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Crafter, Mr. More, Mr. Wilkes,

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the Floiife; That he Mr. lJ arbor d, Sir Willoughby Afton$ Mr. «SW///, Mr. was directed by the Committee to move, that they may GIpty?, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Gq/hry, Mr. Finch, Mr. CV/rt-have Leave to fit again. tvrighf, Mr Affleck, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Mcdbycoff,

Resolved, 1 bat this House will, upon Mondap Morn- Admiral Griffin, Mr. Hezvett, Sir Charles Kemps lynie, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Yorke, Mr. FcHowes, Sir William House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Moreton, Mr. Shelleip Sir MdUhczo Fea therjlo nh a ugh, railing the Supply granted to his Majesty. Mr. Amcotls, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Parker,

Mr. Tozonjltend, Sir CharlesMordaunt, Mr. Peachy, Mr. The other Order of the Day being read; Colebrooke, Mr. Lewis, Sir Thomas Palmer, Lord Per-

Offices The House resolved itself into a Committee of the ne\j\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of

and whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who Employments. jjave omjtted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law 5 and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Carysfort took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleafeto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 30 die Februarii;

Anno 32* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

Ihorthtm \ PETITION of the Constable and Inhabitants of the

Harbour. Borough of Nezv Shoreham, in the County of Suffer, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and Farmers, residing near the Port and Harbour of New Shoreham aforesaid, and of the Matters and Pilots of Ships usually navigating to and from the same, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth. That the said Port and Harbour, by a late Alteration in the Entrance, is become so difficult and dangerous, as to be scarce navigable, whereby the Petitioners are not only deprived of the Ship-building Trade, but of a Market for their Com and Timber, with which the Country greatly abounds; and also labour undergreat Difficulties in receiving Coals, and other Commodities, which that and the neighbouring Towns arefupplied with by means of the said Harbour; and alleging, that the said Harbour being situated in the deepest Part of the Bay, between Spilhead and Beachy, were Ships are frequently cast on ShoVe, might, if made good and secure, by forming ah Entrance with proper Pier Heads, be a Means of saving many Ships and Cargoes, of preserving the Lives of many of his Majesty’s Subjects, and be of Advantage to Trade and Navigation in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to erect Piers, and other Works, for the Security awd Improvement of the said Harbour, by laying afmall Tonnage on all Ships and Vessels, and also a small Duty on allGoods and Merchandizes brought in or carried out of the said Harbour, and by appropriating the said Tonnage and Duties, to serve as a Security for such Sums as shall be necessary to be borrowed for completing the said Work, and keeping the same in continual Repair, or to make such other Provisions for the same as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Peeve Williams, Mr. Brijlm, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Bailer,-Lord' North, Mr. Ilume, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Sexcell, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fane, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

SuJ/ex, Kent, and Surrey; and for the Cinque Parts:

And they are to meet this afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, MoMmy, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Modbury, and of the several Parishes of Ermington, Kol- ^oad*

beton, Kingdon, Nezctorcn Ferrers, Yclmpton, Revel-stocke, Brixton, Wem bury, Plymflccke, Plympton Maurice, and Plympton Saint Mary, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, travelling the Roads therein-after-mentioned, lying in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, -That the Highways leading from the Town of Modbury, towards Plymouth, through the Church Town of Yclmpton and the East End of Brixton Church Town, and from thence through the Town of Plympton and the Village of Underwood, to the North End of Lincottalane, in the Parish <?f Plympton Saint Mary aforesaid, are, in many Parts thereof, narrow, much in Decay, and incommodious and unsafe for Travellers, especially in Wheel Carriages, and in the Winter Season, and cannot be properly \vh dened and repaired by the ordinaryCourse of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road from Modbury to the North End of Lincottalane, through the Places aforesaid. *

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Edgcu?nl>c, Mr. Fuller, Sir Wm. Peeve Williams, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bris-toiv, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Muir, Lord North, Mr.

Sandys, Lord Middleton, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Car txvi ight. Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Fc Howes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Harbord, Mr, Thoroton, Lord Strange, Mr.

Fane, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Smith, Mr. Crofter, Mr Symons, Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. JIammond, Mr. Waif on,

Mr. Baker, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Ilume, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ilczvett, Mr. Ijockycr, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Trift, Mr. Toionjheiidy Mr. More’, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cvrnzvall, Sonierfet, and Dor-fel: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the principal acting Commissioners no- StrmuWer miuated iu and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made Navigation, and passed in the 'third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for making navigable the River Stroudivaler, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Frami-koad, to Walibridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County; on behalf of themselves, and all other the Commissioners nominated in and by virtue of the same Act, was presented to the House, and read; reciting i‘e-veral Provisions in the said Act contained; and alleging; that notwithstanding so many Years have olapfed since the Paffing of the saidAcl, and several Surveys of the Ri ver been taken by able and Skilful Persons, yet nothing has beeu done in conference thereof, from an Apprehen-fion that the Method proposed, of making the said River

navigabje

b, GOOgk

32 GEO.lL 3* Februarii'3 <pa

navigable by Locks, would be too expensive, and the Loss of Water occasioned thereby vvoufd be detrimental to the Trade of the Neighbourhood of the said River, whereon many Mills are erected for carrying on the Woollen Manufacture, which is the most considerableof any in this Kingdom; and further alleging, that, by reason of such Delay in the Undertakers named in the said Act,the Petitioners have 1 hereby a Power to appoint such other Persons to make the said River navigable, as they Hull I think tit; and that the Petitioners have agreed with John Kemmett, Arthur IVytide, James Pinnock, and Thomas Bridge, for making the said River navigable, upon a new Plan, by means of a new invented Machine (for which the said Thomas Bridge hath obtained a Patent): But a Doubt anting,' whether such Navigation, by the

Srefent Method, would bedeemed within the Intent and leaning of the said Act; therefore praying, That the said Act may be so far amended, or a Clause added, as to give Power to the said Thomas Bridge the Patentee, and Company, to make the said River Stroudwater navigable bymeans of his newinvented Machine; and that such Navigation, as it will answer all the Purposes intended by the said Act, may be so deemed accordingly, under the Regulations of the said former Act.

Stroudwater A Petition of Thomas Bridge was also presented to the Navigation, House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner having obtained his Majesty’s Letters Patent, bearing Date thei^th Day of January 17 58, for his new invented Method of making Rivers navigable, the Petitioner, and others, have agreed with the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of the said Act: for making the said River Stroudwater navigable by the said new invented Method; but some Doubts having arisen, whether, by the said \ft, the said River can be made navigable in the Method propofecl by the Petitioner: Therefore praying, That Power may be granted to make the said River navigable, according to the said Method, and for making and maintaining such Works as shall be necessary or proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition s be referred to the Consideration of a Gcmmittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Lord North, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Finch, Sir Wm. Peere II illiams, M r. Butler, Mr. Wilkes, M r. Fane, Lord Middleton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ilume, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Palmer, Sir Willoughby Act on, Mr. Thoroton, Doctor Hay, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sewell, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Geo. Onfioxo, Mr. Townshend, Sir RogerNewdigate, Mr. More, Mr. Etgecumbe, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Eriftcw, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Moore, Mr. Watson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Butler, Mr. Kynqfton, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Symons, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Jifcdlycott; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Hereford, and Salop; and for the Principality of Wales: And they Hre to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

A Petition of Sir Robert Clifton, Knight of the moll Inclosure honourable Order of the Bath, Owner and Proprietor of the Lordship of Barton, otherwise Barton in Fabis, situate in the several Parishes of Barton and Clifton, in the County of Nottingham, and Patron of the Rectory of Clifton aforesaid, John Wickliffe, Rest or and Incumbent of the Parish of Barton aforesaid, and Abel Collin Launder, Rector and Incumbent of the Parishof Clifton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth. That the Petitioner Sir Robert Clifton is seised and possessed of all the Lands and Estates situate in the open and common Fields, cotnmon Meadows, common Paf-lures, and common Grounds, in the said Lordship, except certain Pieces of Glebe Lands lying dispersed within VoL. 28. N

the fame, and to which, together With othei: Rights and Privileges in the said common Fields and Lands; the Petitioners John Wiclikffe and Abel Collin Launder, in Right of their respoftive Keftories, are inti tied; and alleging, that the said Lands and Properties of the Petitioners lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, andare, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor dividing and inclosing the said open common Fields, common Meadows, common Failures, and common Grounds, in the said Lordship of Barton, in the County of Nottingham, according to each Person’s Right therein, and iu such manner as to the House shall l’eem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Hezvett and Mr. Thoroton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Desford ’ unto subscribed, being interested, and Owners and Pro- Invlofur*. prietors of Lands in the several open and common Fields of Desford, in the County of Leicester, and of such Lands in the Lordship of Peckleton, in the said County, as lie open to the said Fields, in behalfof themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners He intermixed and dispersed over the said Fields in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and alleging, that if the said Fields were divided and inclosed and Specific Shares allotted to each Proprietor and Person interested, according to hisJuter^ft therein, it would greatly improve their several Estates, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, in such manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir /

Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fellowes, and Mr. Cartwright, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Roger Long, D. D. Mailer of Pembroke Hall, in the University of Cambridge, and Lowndes's Preparation astronomical and geometrical Professor in the said Uni- of Brine Sait, verfity, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; reciting, That, in the Year 1746, a Proposal of Thomas Lozvncies Esquire was laid before this House, for difeo-vering a Method, by him invented, of making Brine Salt, Upon the Conditions in theiaid Proposal mentioned; and also reciting, that the House did resolve, that the said Proposal was reasonable; and that an Addrefe was presented to his Majesty, that he would be graciously pleased to authorize and direct the Commissioners of the Admiralty, or the Lord High Admiral for the Time being, to enter into an Agreement with the said Thomas Lowndes, pursuant to the said Proposal, and to cause to be made the several Trials mentioned in the fame; and that his Majesty would be pleased to order such Sum or Sums of Money, from time to time, to be paid to the said Thomas Lowndes, upon the Certificates of the said Commissioners, or Lord High Admiral, as should be mentioned in the said Certificates; and alleging, that accordingly the Commissioners of the Admiralty entered into an Agreement with the said Thomas Lowndes in relation to the Trials and Discovery mentioned in the said Proposal; and that the said Thomas Lowndes died in the Year 1748, and, by his last Will;devised all hisEstate at Overton, and all his Lands and Hereditaments in Small-zvood, and elsewhere, ill the County of Chester, and all his other real Estate, to the Chancellor, Mailers, and

Scholars,

400 3°' 1759.

Scholars, of the University of Ca?nbridge,.&nd their Sue- Cavendish, Lord John Cemend ]h, Si r James Lowther, eefiors for ever, subje# to the Payment of (itch jit ft Sir Francis Poole, Mr. 01 mins, Admiral Griffin, Mr.

Debts as his personal Ell ate should not befufTicient to Walpole, Sir Cordel Fi rebrace, Mr. Lewis; and all the ptay,upon Trull that they shall forever pay all the clear Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon,

Kents and'Profits of the said real Estate annually to the Cambridge, Salop, and Oxford: And they are to meet Support and Maintenance \)f a Profefi’or, to be called this Afternoon at Five of the Clock', in the Speaker’s Lowndes's altronomical and geometrical Professor in the Chamber; and have Power to fend for l\*rfans, Papers, said University, and to be choien in the manner apnoined and Records, by the said Will; and did /fire#, that the firh Money

that could be got, from true Contract then depending A Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Justices of Copnryof with the CommiQionersoftheAdmiralty, for meliorating the Peace, and Commissioners of Supply* of the Shire Brine Salt, should be applied to satisfy a Mortgage 011 of Air, was prefen ted to the Hoafe, and read; setting his said real Estate, then due to Mrs. Bridget Clayton, forth, That the high Roads within the said Shire are, in and all Monies due to her; and did veil the Residue in many Places, in a ruinous Condition, and in the Winter Trustees, to institute Profefl’orships in the Civil Law in Season, and the beginning of the Spring, ;mpa(Table for the University of Oxford; and also reciting an Entry Carriages; and alleging, that it is impossible to amend made on or about the 5th Day of June 1750, in the the same b v the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore Books of the Commissioners of the Admiralty, which praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill takes Notice, that several Parts of the said Mr. Lowndes's for laying a. Tax upon each Tenant or Occupier of Agreement with them had been ipade good, but thatthey Land, and others, obliged to work in repairing the Roads did not think themselves authorised to grant the C<?rti(i: within the said Shire, such Tax to be in lieu of the pre-

cates stipulated in the said Agreement; aruj further alv- sent Labour required from them by Law, and to be legingj'that no Part of the said Rewards have been paid laid out in repairing of the said Roads, in such Propor-to the said Thomas Lowndes, or his Rep refen t at ives; and tions, and under such Regulations and Ileftrictions, as that, for several Years 1 all pall, large Quantities of Salt, to the House shall seem meet.

made; in the manlier invented by the said Thomas. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Lowndes, have been u fed in his Majesty’s Victualling Confidefation of a Committee; And that they do exa-Office, which, together with the said Entry in the Books mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it bfthe Corrtmissioners of the Admiralty, is a Proof of the shall appear to them, to the House:

Utility of the (aid‘Invention; and that the Petitioner And itls referred to Mr. Muir, Mr. Hume, Six Charles was chosen in 1 the Year 1749 to the said Professorship Mar daunt, M r. Fe Howes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. More, Mr. in the University of Cambridge, and hath advanced a Gore, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Brijtow, Mr. consider&ble Sum of Money in Payment of an Arrear Charlton. Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. of Intereston the said Mortgage, which was due at the Lewis, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. ProwJ'e, Sir John Croffie, Mr.

Death of the said Thomas Lowndes, and of the Interest Plumtre, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Sandy s, Lord Carysfort, Mr. which hath since that time become due; and that the 'Fellowcs, Sir JohnGordon, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Cartwright, ‘Principal Money, amounting to £.850. still remains un- Mr. Bayntun, Lord North, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Corn-discharged; and that as it was the Intention of the said zvallis, Mr. Duller, Sir Willoughby A/ton, Mr. Thorolon,

Telia!or, that the said Profellor should receive the Pro- Lord Middleton, Mr. Fane, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. fits of the said Estates, freed and discharged from the Roje Fuller, Sir Geo. Sa vile, Mr, Belchier, Mr. Cr after. Incumbrance of the said Mortgage; and as the said In- Mr. Probyn, Mr, Amcotts; and all the Members who mention has been' found to be of public Utility, the serve for North Britain: And they are to meet. thisAf-Petitioner humbly hopes, that though all the Conditions ternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-of the said Proposal may not have been intirely perform- ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and ed, which \\ as probably owing to the Death of the said Records.

Air. Lowndes, the House will grant such Part of the said Rewar.Is' as the Advantages arising from the said A Petition of the honourable the Lady Amelia Butler, E.irl nf Invention may appear to deserve: And therefore and of James Butler, Little Maddox Street, Westminster, Arran’s

praying tlfe House to take the Premises into their Con- Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; recil-

iideration, and to make such Provision therein as the ing an Indenture, Tripartite, bearing Date, the 2.5th of 'House shall think proper. May 1756, between' Charles Earl of Arran, d,eceased, of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Firfi Part; the Petitioner, Lady Amelia Butler, of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- the Second Part; George Mai thews, of Thomq/town,h\ mine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fa# con- the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, Edward Herbert, the tained in the said Petition: elder, by the Description of Edward Herbert, of the

And it isreferred to Mr. Finch, Dr. Hay, Lord North, Parilli of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Mid-

Mr. TfwmasTown/hend, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Hume, Mr. lefex, Esquire, and Thomas Herbert, of the Middle Temple ’Coventry, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Proivfe, London, Esquire, of the Third Part relating to the said Air. Wilkes, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Earl’s Estate in Ireland; and also reciting, that the said . Fuller, Sir CharlesMordaunl, Mr, Thoro/on, S\v Francis Earl did, by his Will bearing Date the 19th Day of Draftee, Mr. Noel, Mr ..Calvert, Mr. Sewell, Mr.’ Chari- January 1757, in pursuance of the Power given to him ‘(oh, Mr. More, Lord Uoyston, Mr. Palmer, Mr, Lock- by the said Indenture, revoke and make void all and i/cr, Mr. Hunger, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Townshend, Mr. every the Uses, Trulls, Estates, and Limitations, in Watfun, Mr. Harvey, Ms*. Wilb rah am, Mr. Jennings, and by the said Indenture Tripartite, or any other H:.o['(\Carysjbrt, M\\ Pryfe Campbell,\jov<\ Geo. Manners^ Deed, Settlement, or Writing, whatsoever, limited ajid Air. Henry Finch, Sir Armine Wodehoije, Mr. Thomas created of and concerning the Castles, Manors, Lands,

Gore, Mr. Craftier, Mr. Bowney, Mr. Clayton, Mr. So- amlHereditatments, in the Kingdom of Ireland, which Tioitor General, Lord Middleton, Mr. Kynaston, Colonel in and by the said Indenture Tripartite, or any other 'Townshend,'Mr. Fane, Sir John Abdy, Mr. Hitt, Lord Deed, Settlement, or Writing, were limited and ap-‘ Frederick Cuvendifit, Mr. Ilarbord, Mr. Courtenay, Air. pointed; and the said Earl, in further Pursuance and 4Plumtre, Lord Parker, Mr. 'Bacon, Admiral Saunders, Execution of the Power and Authority given to him by Air. Hewett, Lord Malpas, Mr. Thomas Townshend ju- the said Indenture, did dire# and appoint, that all and nior, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Chancellor of every the Cattles, Manors, Lands, anil Hereditaments the Exchequer, Mr, John Calvert, Sir II dloughby A fan, whatsoever, of, or belonging to, the said Earl, or wlierc-Alr. Sandys, Mr. Gore, Mr. Baptist Levcjon Gower, Sir of, or wherein, ,he or any other Pei; foil or Persons in John Croffie, Admiral Bofcawen, Sir Edward It aftpole, Iruftfor him, was or were seised of or intituled to, any Air. Cadogan, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Dela:al, Sir John Estate of Inheritance either in PoflelTion, Reverfipii, Rc-CujK Mr. Charles Townshend, of Yarmouth LovUGeorge mainder, or Expectancy, lituate in the End Kingdom uf 18 Ireland,

32 Geo. II. 30 Februarii. 401

Ireland, whereof the Ufas were so revoked as aforesaid, should be and remain to the Use of Two Trustees therein named, and their Heirs, in Trust, for the Purposes in the said W ill mentioned; and further reciting, that the ' said Earl did, by the said Will, desire, that an Application might be made to the Parliament of Great Britain, for an Act to make an Exemplification of the same Will Evidence in all Courts of Law or Equity, or elsewhere, in Great Britain and Ireland; and that the said Earl made Two Codicils, the one bearing Date the 8th Day of July 1758, and the other bearing Date the 28th Day of November 1 758; and alleging, that the said Earl died on or about the 17th Day of December iaft, without revoking the said Will and Codicils; and that the Petitioners may have frequent Occasion to produce or give the said Indenture of Settlement, and the Will and Codicils of the said Earl* in Evidence, as well in Ireland as in Great Britain: And therefore praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for exemplifying or inrolling the same Settlement, Will, and Codicils, and making the same, or true Copies thereof. Evidence in Great Britain and Ireland, in fuel) manner as to the House shall seem meet and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to th^Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Bailer, Mr. Gajhry, and Mr. Thomas Coventry, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

tVav, Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

ami Means. Committee of the whole I Ioufe, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as folio we th; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Six million Six hundred thousand Pounds be raised by trausferrable Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that an additional Capital of Fifteen Pounds be added to every One hundred Pounds advanced; which additional Capital shall eonfiftof Ten Pounds given in a Lottery Ticket to each Subscriber, and of Five Pounds in like transferable Annuities at Three Pounds per Centum: The Blanks and Prizes of the Lottery to be attended with like Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of January 1760; and that the Sum of Six million Six hundred thousand Pounds, together with the said additional Capital of Five Pounds per Centum, amounting to Three hundred and Thirty thousand Pounds, making, in the Whole, Six million Nine hundred and Thirty thousand Pounds, do bear an Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, which Interest shall commence from the 5th Day of July 1759: The said several Annuities shall be transferable at the Bank of England, and charged upon a Fund to he established in this Session of Parliament for Payment thereof, and for which the Sinking Fund shall he a collateral Security, and shall he redeemable by Parliament in the Whole, or in Part, by Suras uot less than Five hundred thousand Pounds at one time, Six Months Notice having been first given of such Payment or Payments respectively: That the Lottery shall coniift of Tickets of the Value of Ten Pounds each, in a Proportion not exceeding Eight Blanks to a Prize, the Blanks to be of the Value of Six Pounds each:

That every Subscriber shall, on or before the r3th Day of February instant, make a Deposit of Fifteen Pounds per Centum on such Sum as he shall clmfe to subscribe, towards raising the said Sum of Six million Six hundred thousand Pounds, with the Cashiers of the Bank of England, as a Security for his making the future Payments on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say,

Vol. 28.

Ten Pounds per Cent, on or before the 30th of March next:

Ten Pounds per Cent, on or before the 27th of April next:

Ten Pounds per Cent, on or before the 31st of May next:

Ten Pounds per Cent. on or before the 28th of June next:

Fifteen Pounds per Cent, on or before the 27th of July next:

Ten Pounds per Cent, on or before the 31st of August next:

Ten Pounds per Cent, on or before the 28th of September next:

Ten Pounds per Cent. on or before the 26th of Ofitober next:

Which several Sums, so received, shall, by the said Cashiers, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied from time to time to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament, and not otherwise: That any Subscriber, paying in the Whole, or any Part of his Subscription, previous to the Days appointed for the respective Payments, shall be allowed a Discourit after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Days of such respective Payments to the respectivoTimes on which such Payments are directed to be made.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. James Grenville,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

West, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Caiysfort reported from the Committee of Offices the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons an<l who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of Bath the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, and of the Roads* major Part of the Trustees appointed for carrying into Execution the several Acts of Parliament for erecting of Turnpikes, and for repairing the Roads round the said City, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for extending the said Roads, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and reciting, that, by the Act of the 30th Year of his present Majesty, the Trustees are restrained from repairing any Part of the Streets, Lanes, or Highways, within the said City; and that by another Act, of the 30th Year of his present Majesty, for cleansing, paving, and lighting, the Streets of the said City, and Liberties thereof, the Owners or Occupiers of any House or Houses, or Lands, adjoining to any Street, Lane, or Place, within the said City, or the Liberties or Precincts thereof, are compellable to pitch or pave the Street, Lane, or Place before their Houses, Habitations, Lands, and public Places respectively, unto the Middle of the Street, Lane, or Place; and setting forth, that there is a Piece of Highway leading, to the City of Bath; and within the Precincts thereof, from the Place where the old Toll-gate flood, to Mr. Harford's 3 K Brewhouse,

402 3° Februarii. A. 1759.

Brewhouse, and another Piece of Highway or Road on the Kelston Road, in the Pari Hi of Walcott, in the Liberties of the said City, and leading from the Common Gate to Kingsmead House, and another Piece of Highway on the Landfdmvn Road, leading from the Place where the present Toll-gate stands to the Top of Broad Street, and Jying also within the Liberties of the said City of Bath; all which Roads were formerly amendable bvtheTrustees of the several Tolls arifingTrom the Tprnpikcs; but, by the first-mentioned Act of the 30th of his present Majesty, the Trustees apprehend themselves retrained from amending the said Roads; and alleging, that the same are ruinous and out of Repair, and cannot be effectually repaired by the general Laws of this Kingdom, nor by the Act of the 30th Year of his present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the Streets of the said City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, without laying a Burthen on many of the Owners or Occupiers of Honfes or Lands adjoining to such Street, Lane, or Place, within the Liberties and Precincts of the said City, tequal to the Value of their respective Properties or Interest in such Houses or Lands; and further setting forth. That there is a Road leading from the Croft Pojt in the Newton St. Ijoe Road, in the Pari lh of Nezvton Saint Lae, to the Kelston Road, in the Parish of Weston, and also a Road leading from the London Road, at the North End of Walcott Church-yard, to the Landj'doxon Road, and also a Piece of Road leading from the Free-stone Quarries, in the Parish of Mounckton Combe, to the Cross Road leading to Enlerry Hill, not included in any Turnpike Act, which the Petitioners are desirous should be repaired: And therefore praying, That the said several Roads may be inserted and included in the intended Bill; and for explaining, amending, or repealing, the said Restraint and Clause, so far as it concerns the said Roads within the Liberties and Precincts of the said City, and to grant such other Relief iii the Premises as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed for carrying into Execution the several Acts of Parliament for erecting Turnpikes, and for repairing the Roads, round the City of Bath, and of several other Persons who are obliged to travel on the said Roads, or some of them, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them to the House.

Mansfield, Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom &c. the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-

Road. liolders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Nottingham

and Derlnj; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Cliejterfield, and of the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Mr. John Simes, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Mansfields in the said County of Nottingham, to the End of llajland Liberty, near Chejtcrfictd, in the said County of Derby, is, from the Narrowness thereof in some Places, and the Badness of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages passing thereon, become very deep and dangerous, and that it is almost impossible for a Carriage to go i'afe; and that the said Road cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being.

Mr. John Wyrilt confirmed the above Evidence.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. John Simes informed your Committee, That the Road from the End of Hajlavd Liberty, to the Turnpike

Road leading from Derby to Chesterfield, is in a very ruinous Condition; and that if the same was eflfeftually repaired, which cannot be done by the Laws in being, it would be of great Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the high Road leading from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleajley, Gla/nvclt Heath, and Nor men ton, and the Liberty of llajland, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derlnj to the Town of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby: And that Mr.

HezeetI, Mr. Thoroton, and the Lord Robert Sutton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the Bridgewater I County of Somerset, and also of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading from the City of Bristol, fub-divided for the separateCare and Service of the Road called the Winford Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners observe, that a Petition of divers Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Bridgeicater, and of the;

County of Somerset, hath been presented, praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for making, repairing, and amending, the several Roads therein mentioned, and particularly the Road from the East End of the Town of Bridgewater a fore fa i d to Crandon Bridge, in the Pari 111 of Bawdrip, and from thence leading through the several Parishes of Puriton, Pawlett, and Hunt/pill, in the said County, to Highbridge, in the said Parish of HuntfpilL; and also that another Petition hath been presented, praying, amongst other Things, that the said last mentioned Road may be extended from Highbridge aforesaid, and carried on the great public Bristol Road to the Place where the Bristol Turnpike Road ends; and that the repairing the said great Road, between the said Town of Bridgeicater and the City of Bristol, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be of great public Utility; and that by the several Acts of Parliament for amending the Roads leading from the City of Bristol, the Road through the Parish of Bedminster, over Broadways alias Broadfields Down, in the Parish of Winford, to Langford, and from thence to Cross and Ware, in the said County of Somerset, called the Winford Road, isdirefted to be repaired; but that the Petitioners, the Trustees of the said Road, have not been hitherto able to amend more than about Seven Miles thereof; and as the whole Length of the Road from Bristol to Ware is about Twenty Miles, and from thence to Bridgewater about Seventeen, in all Thirty-fcveli Miles (great Part of which is in a very founderous Condition, and the Materials for the Repair thereof in many Places very remote), the Petitioners apprehend it willnotbe possible ever to repair the said whole Road with only Two 'lolls; and that the most effectual Means of procuring the same to be effectually repaired, would be, to divide the said Road into at lealt Three Districts, and erect Turnpike Gates, and collect separateTolls, on each District; viz. the Bridgewater District to extend only to a Place called Rook's Bridge, in the Parish of East Brent( in the said County of Somerset, about Three Miles short of Ware aforesaid: the middle District to extend from thence to a Place called Perry bridge, in the Parish of Wrington, in the said County; and the Bristol District, from thence to the City of Bristol: And therefore praying the House, That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for dividing the said whole Road into at least Three Districts as aforesaid, and enabling the Trustees of the Bridgewater and middle Districts to erect Turn pikes, 1

and collect diilinft Tolls, on each of the said Districts, with such Powers for borrowing Money' on the Credit thereof, and repairing and keeping the said respective Districts iu Repair, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,'I hut the said Petition be referred to the Considerntion of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen. Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and l^orough of Bridgeton ter $ and of the County of

7,2 Geo. II.

of Somerset, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And then the HonTe adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 5* die;

Anno 320 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759. Prayers.

Bjrnflcy* Qltl) E R E D, That Sir Lionel Pilkington be added Road f° the Committee, to whom the Petition of the

Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in the Town of Ban Jin/, in the County of York, and others living near, or travelling on, the Road leading from Banjley aforesaid to Huddersfield and Hall if ax, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Grantham Sir John Cufi reported from the Committee, to whom ^oad* the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Towns of Nottingham, Derby, and Grantham, and of several other Towns and Places in the several Counties of Nottingham, Derby, Lincoln, and Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

James Wilders junior, being examined, said, That he is well acquainted with the Road from Grantham, through BottesJ'ord, and by Elton, What ton, Bingham, and Radcliffe, to Trent Bridge in Nottingham; and also the Road from Chappel Bar near Nottingham, through Len-ton, Staplefard, Rijley, Burroivash, and Part of Chad-dejdeu, to St. Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby: That the said Roads are very ruinous and bad, and in many Places so narrow, as to render them extremely dangerous; and that they cannot be repaired by the Laws in being.

Mr. Egington, being examined, confirmed this Evidence.

And Mr. Wilders, being further examined, said, That he had furvej ed the said Roads: That they are 40 Miles in Length, viz. from Grantham to Nottingham, 24; and from Nottingham to Derby, 16: That lie had estimated the Expence of repairing the Road from Grantham to Nottingham at near £. 10,000: That he had not made so particular an Estimate of the other Part of the Road, but apprehends it will amount to about £. 2,500.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through BottesJ'ord and Bingham, to Nottingham, Trent Bridge; and from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to St. Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby: And that Sir John Cujl, the Lord George Manners, and the Lord Robert Sutton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wye Mr. Webb reported from the Committee, to whom

Narigaurn. the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Godalming, Ha fie mere, Midhur/i, Petworth, Peters field, Hambledon, Willey, Milford, Thurstcy, Ciiidding-fold. North Chappel, Dunsfold, Hafcomh, FJstead, Pep-perharnm, Wijhorough Green, Kirdford, Lurgashall, Fefrnhurst, Lodsworth, Ea/chourn, Tillington, Wcolbed-ding, Sledham, Trotlen, Rogate, Headley, Bramjfoi, Liptwcke, Plaiftow, and Frensham, in the Counties of Surra/, Snjfe.x, and Southampton, and of several others, Vol. 2d.

403

Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act of Parliament, passed in the 2 2d and 23d Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act foi* settling and preserving the Navigation of the River Wey, in the County of Surrey, was read: Then the Agent for the Petitioners called,

Mr. RichardStedman: Who, being examined, said. That the River Wey is now navigable from the Thames to within 100 Yards of the great Bridge at Guildford, and that it is intended to continue the said Navigation up to Godalming, which is Four Miles and about 200 Yards.

And he produced a Plan of that Part of the River intended to be made navigable, surveyed and drawn by himself, which he explained to your Committee; and said, that the Undertaking was very practicable, there being no Rocks or other Obstructions in the Way, and the Ground very level, the Fall not being more thaii about Four Feet and an Inch in a Mile; and, when the Fall is the greatest, the Whole of it between Godalming and Guildford is between 16 and 17 Feet:

That there will be Three Locks wanting; and that the Navigation may be completed for £. 4,500, and the Wharfs will cost about £. 1,500.

Mr. Thomas Wilkinson, Dealer in Timber, said. That if the River was made navigable from Guildford to Godalming, it would be of great Advantage to the Public, and particularly to the adjacent Parts of Surrey, SuJfexy and Hampshire:

That the Difference between Land and Water Carriage would be is. 6d. in each Load of Timber in the Space of Five Miles; and if the Timber be brought 8, 10, or 12 Miles, beyond Godalming, the Saving will be 4 s. a Load, for that the Timber can be carried 10 or 12 Miles in One Day to Godalming; but if ’tis carried to Guildford, it will take Two Days:

That the Method at present is, to drop their Timber upon the Roads, great Quantities being dropped about Gofden Common, about Three Miles from Guildford, and not Half a Mile from the intended Navigation, and likewise at Hambledon Common, at and near which latter Place there are at present 900 Loads of Timber, and sometimes it remains there Six Months, for the Farmers will only carry it off just when theypleafe.

And that Mr. West, a Ship-builder, having begun to build a 74 Gun Ship for his Majesty’s Service, was obliged to flop the Building for Three Months, though he had bought the Timber, not being able to get it carried:

That the intended Navigation would also be a great Advantage to the Landholders in those Parts, as it would enable them to procure Chalk to burn to Lime for manuring their Ground at acheaper Rate, by which means the Expence of manuring an Acre of Land would be reduced 6s. 8 d. as near as can be computed.

Mr. Thomas Chandler, being examined, said, He was employed by Mr. West to get Timber; and that if the intended Navigation were completed, it would cause a Saving in the Carriage of Timber of Five or Six Shillings a Load at an Average; and that in the Instance mentioned by the last Witness, in regard to Mr. West's Timber, it would have been a Saving of more than 6 s. a Load in the Carting:

That there are great Quantities of Timber dropped on and near Hambledon Common; and that Mr. West has had 1,000 Load at a time lying the re, the Stages being too long to go in One Day; but that if the River had been navigable to Godalming, the greatest Part of this Timber would have been carried thither:

That

30 — 50 Februarii.



4°4

Tlrat the intended Navigation will be a great Advantage to the adjacent Landholders of Surrey and Suffix, as, liy means thereof, they may be furnished with Chalk to burn to Lime for Manure, is. a Load cheaper than they are at present:

That it would likewise be a great Advantage to the Bark and Tanning Trade, great Quantities of Bark being at present left in Suffix, because it will not answer the Expence of Carriage:

Being asked, What the Difference in the Price of the Carriage of a Load of Timber by Land and Water would be, in case the same could be carried to Guildford in One Day ? he said, That he could not answer precisely to that Question, unless he knew the Terms of the intended Navigation; but, supposing the Expence of the Water Carriage to be is. the Saving will be 45.

William Ockcnden Esquire, being examined, informed your Committee, That he had viewed the River from Godalming to Guildford, which may very easily be made navigable; and that it is evident, that the completing the said Navigation will be of great Utility to the Public.

That he did not level it with an Instrument; bu,t believes, from his View, that the Measures given in Evidence by Mr. Stedman are exact, and thinks the Work may be completed for the Sum mentioned by Mr. Stedman.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending and continuing the Navigation of the River Wey, otherwise Wye, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Godalming, in the said County: And that Mr. Wcbby Mr. 0trains, and the Lord Middleton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Straubmzce's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act k*ac* for naturalizing Philippas Willem Caflmir Van St.rau-benxce Esquire, was read a Second time.

Ref hived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkin-Jon, Mr. Olmius, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Carlivright, Mr. Proivfe, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Fel-lowes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Ofbaldeflon, Mr. IIarbord, Mr. WUly, Mr. More, Mr. Veilch, Mr. Iluvie, Mr. Lowndes, Mr! Smithy Mr. Lewis, Mr. Ridlcij, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thor0Ion, Mr. Cooke, Sir Charles Mur daunt, Mr. Coventry, M xrGaJhry, Mr. Westffiling, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Wilkes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Symons, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Ban Ices, Mr. Lifter, Sir Lu-dovick Grant, Mr. Vavflttart, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Culvert, Mr. Greathced, Sir John Glynn, Lord Villiers, Lord Geo. Manners, Mr. Fonereau; and till the Members who serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stevimig Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Wm* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Hitch Young Esquire, deceased.

A. 1759.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Salford Lands lying between Salford and Worjley Mill, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Nainas are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That if the Bill to enable the most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal, from a certain Place in the Township of Salford, to or near Woifley Mill and Middle Wood, in the Manor of Worjley, anil to or near a Place called Hollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, diould pass into a Law, the same will be very prejudicial to the respective Lands and Properties of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Counh i, against the said Bill, or Inch Parts thereof as will affect the Petitioners said Lands and Properties.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or their Connie!, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an luftruetion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Heicett prefen ted to the House, according to Madrid, Order, a Bill for repairing and widening t he high Road leading from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the 1 owns of Peafley, Glapwdl Heath, and Normenton, and the Liberty of Hafland, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Salford

Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the most noble Canal.

Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal, from a certain Place in the Township of Salford, to or near Worjley Mill and Middle Wood, in the Manor of Worjley, and to or near a Place called llollin Ferny, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is committed.

Doctor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing Accounts of the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- Seamen, tented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st December 1757, to the 31st December 1758, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service: And also,

An Account of the Charge for Transport Service for - , the Year 1758, including the Expence of victualling his ransport‘ Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Year: And also,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it vTavv rut. flood on the 31st December 1758. X

And the 1 itles of the said Accounts and Estimate were read.

The said Accounts and Estimate are as followed); viz.

50 Februar

Navy

3 2 Geo. II.

5° Febrtiarii. . 405

Navy-Office, } Ax ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal -31st January 1759- 3 Navy, from the 3 ill December 1757, to the 3 ill December 175?, upon a Medium of*

each Month $ distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, iii the faiil Service; prepared pursuant to a Precept from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 17th January 1759.

MONTHS. Borne. Mustered.

February March -April - -May - June ... July - - -August -September October - - - November December 1 1 11*111111 1 1 ( 1 1 t 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 j .1 1 < j 1 1 1 «»* 1 > 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 , 1 1 1 1 , 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 4 1 I I 1 1 67.M5 67.991 68,564 68.991 69.419 70,814 71,658 72,267 72,669 7!.69° 73.218 73>9°3 65,634 66,830 69,875 70,608 70,6,3 71,768 72,360 73,331 7°, 943 69-944 69,449 68.809

Upon a Medium - - - 848,329 70,694 840,174 70,014

G. Cokburne, Rich* Hall, Tho. Sladey IV. Bately, Dan. Deverty R. Ojborny G. Adams, Tim9 Brett.

Navy Office, 30th January 1759.

An ACCOUNT of the Charge for Transport Service for the Year 1758, including the Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Year; prepared pursuant to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 17th January 1759.

Sum*

Nature of the Charges.

Freight of Transports - - -

Expence of building Cabins, Stalls, and other Conveniences, on board them, and of fnr-nilliing them with Horse PJammaccoes, and other Stores, together with the Expence of surveying and measuring them -

Hay, Oats, and other Necessaries -

Bedding for the Use of the Soldiers ——

Boat Hire, and other contingent Expences, on embarking and debarking the Troops

Pilotage of the Transports -

Salaries to Purveyors and Agents ——

Naval Part of the Charges Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Year -

Total -

415.563 7

20*128 12 5

10,422 3 1%

17,006 10 6

2,407 14 — 400 4 6

1,107 8 7

467,036 13 6

200,73 3 1

667,771 19 7

The Whole amounting to the Slim of Six hundred and Sixty-seven thousand Seven hundred and Sc veift y-one Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sev^n Pence.

G. Cokburnc, Tho, Slade y Dan. Devert, Rich* Hall.

R. Ojborn, G. Adams', TimJ Brett,

Vol. 28.

06 50 Februarii. 1759*

Navy Oiuo.-, f An ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter ift February| mentioned, as it flood on the 31st 1758.

11 ); A I) S of the Naval Estimatcs.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports:

Due to pay oil* and discharge all the Bills entered on the Conrfe of thcjSTavy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, Sc. supplied for the Service thereof To pay off and discharge Bills regiltcred on the said Conrfe, for PtemiuAis allowed by Act of Parliament on naval Stores -

Tor Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, 8(c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1778; as also to feveml Bids of Exchange -To his* Majesty’s Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council, on that Behalf -»

Seamens Wnges:

Due to pay the Men, SCc. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea-pay on the aforesaid 3ill December 1758 To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Conrfe, for Slop Clothes and Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Nceellarics, and Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men Haiti at Sea, Sic....

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Comm i ffioners; viz.

Due for Short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Snips in Pay, and which lr-ve been paid off For paying off all the Bills entered on their Conrfe FoHVovisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December

*7 5.8....

For Necessary-money, Extra-necessary-money, Bills of Exchange and Contingencies -To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Wounded; the Debt of tlmt Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Dee for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and wounded Seamen, iVt on Shore from his M;» jesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War and Contingencies relating to the said Ofiiee....

The Total amounts to the Sum of Four million Nine hundred N»nety-Two thousand Two hundred Ninety-nine Pounds Eight Shillings and Five Pence -

From whence deducing the Money in the C Treasurer’s Hands - - - j as on the other [

And also the Money that remained to j Side, come in of the Supplies of the Year 1758

The Debt will then be Four MiTion Five hundred Seventy-Five thousand Four hundred Twenty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Three Pence Farthing -X. B In this D i)t is inclnJed for Charge of Transports, between the 1 ft January 1 758 and the 3; ft December following-And it appears, by an Account received from the CommKIioners of the ietualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between the ill January 1758 and 31th December following amounts to ——

For which Sum of £.667,771. 19. 7J. no Provision has

b~*-n ma.h*by Parliament; but if thought tit to be granted, e.s the like Service were provided f«>r in former Years, ;'h‘ n i: De.it or ibe Navy will then be ThreeMiliion Nine bimrir; :1 era! S veil thousand Six hundred Fifty-six Pounds i dS.-en Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny

Particulars. '

£ . cl.

808,758 6 9

11,484 3 3

442,163 11 10

399,921 0 0

30,100 0 0

239.095 i4 9i

2,295,606 0 0

69,372 6 .10

15>39I 5 8

482,246 16 11

39.325 1 5

CO °o 3

51,490 0 0

s- -

411.151 3 1

5.719 9 6

I’’’ - -

467,036 13 6

200,735 ( 5

y \

TOTAL.

£ f- d-

1,692,427 1 10

2,604,074 1 7 J

600,330 12 3

95,467 12 8f

4,992,299 8 5

416,870 13 it

4,575,428 15 3l

667,77t 19 7|

3,907,65 6 15 7

G. Cohburnc, Tim. Slade, IF. Batch', Dan. , Hall, G. Adams.

Memorandum

Memorandum: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treafiirers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1758, in Money, as undermentioned^ and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy:

In what On the HEADSof

TREASU R E R‘S Hands. la M O N E Y. r Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports. Seamens Wages. S\ Visuals# TOTAL.

Right, honourable George Dodingfon Inquire (ift Treasurership) - - Jin Money ----- ^Diito towards the Debt for lick and wounded Seamen £ s. 5.038 13 £ * d-1.780 13 9 38 — 4 i £ * 34 18 2 { £ s. d. } 6,892 5 5

Right Honourable Henry Lcggc. Esquire - fin Money - -- (^Dilto towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 6,644 5 — 1,423 4 10 55 i5 5 i,504 2 5 f ip I- CO

Right honourable George Grenville fin Money - -- 4,260 8 2 I 3,671 15 11 £ i,59 — 2 4 ] 10,540 2 I

Esquire (ill Treasurership) ^Ditto towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen - l, Ol6 I7 9

Right honourable George Dodington Cln Money - - - - 7>5°4 3 8 f 2>898 3 3 i 233 '4 6 10,848 3 io£

Esquire 2d Treasurership) - (Ditto towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 212 2 5

Right honourable George Grenville Cln Money 27,11a 17 2 320,757 1 11 f 18,663 12 3

Esquire (2d Treasurership) {Ditto towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen - 6,709 I3 1 " 373»243 4 5 1

50,560 7 2 338,564 8 10 2 2,026 7 7 i 411,151 3 7i

£t s. cl.

There remained, on the 31st December 1758, to come in of the Supplies of the Year 1758, including llajlar, Plymouth, and Greenwich Hospitals s* - 5,713. q. 6

o

o

A

4*

o

GEo. II. 5

Account of Beef used for the Navy.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Macclesfield

to

Buxton

Road.

Ditto.

408 50 — 6° Februa1759.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Prices that have been paid for Beef of the Produce of this Kingdom for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, since the ift Day of Januahj 1758.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself info a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply'granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrew

Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning, next refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednestldy Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir William Meredith reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition offeveral Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, living near the High Road leading from the Market Town of M acclesfield, t h rough Macclesfield For eft, in the County of Chester, to Buxton, in the County of Derby, whose Names are subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable.

Ordered, That Sir Willidm Meredith have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the I louse accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred.

A Petition of several Persons, Inhabitants of the Counties of Chester and Derby, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that a Petition has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to Buxton, in the County of Derby, and alleging, that the Roads, leading from the Cross at Broken Cross, in the Town ship of Macclesfield, and from the present Turnpike Road, at the South End of the Township of Buxton, to the Road described in the said Petition, are in bad Repair, and cannot be amended by thcMet hods appointed by the Laws now in being, and that the said Roads were intended to be included in the said Petition: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Report is recommitted, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, living near the High Rond leading from the M a rketTow n of Macclesfield, t hrough MacdesfieIdFore/t, in the County of Chef.er, to Buxton, in the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this

Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Butler presented to the House, according to Or- PrckWs der, a Bill to enable Thomas Ptchham Esquire, and his Blue, to take and use the Surname of Foule: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Butler have Leave to make a Motion: ri

And he moved the House accordingly. p

And the said Bill was read the Firfi; time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovf Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 6° die Fcbrua?~ii;

Anno 320 Georgii lldl Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

flRDERED, That there be laid before this House, an St.Margarefi Account how the Money, granted in the last Sij(lion Chu 01 of Parliament for repairing the Parish Church of Saint Margaret, Wcjiniinster, has been expended.

Sir William Meredith reported from the Committee, Macclesfield to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other ‘ l0 Inhabitants, living near the High Road leading from the Bnxna Market Town of Macclesfield, through MacclesfieldFo- Road* rejl, in the County of Chester, to Buxton, in the County of Derby, whose Names are subscribed, fiad been referred; and to w hom the Report of the Matter of the said Petition was re-committed; and to whom also the Petition of several Persons, Inhabitants of the Counties of Chejlenwid Derby, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the last mentioned Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. Bryan Hodgson and Mr. Robert Nact on said, That the Roads described in the Petitions are, at present, in a very ruinous Condition, dangerous for Travellers, and, in many Parts, very narrow, and cannot be effectually, amended without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross at Broken Cross in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, through Macclesfield Fore/t, to the present Turnpike Road, at the South End of iheTownship of Buxton, in the County of Derby; And that Sir William Meredith, Mr. Thomas Coventry, and Mr. Warren, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Niv.Hammond reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the nd Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An A til for the more easy and specdv Recovery of small Debts, within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parillms of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen, Bennondsey, Christ Church, Saint Mary, Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhilh, in the County of Surrey, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the fame; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act to the Parishes of St rent ham, Claplwm, and Camberwell, and the Manor of Ila/clium, in the Parish of St. Paul, Dep ford, in the said County; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place

Sautl’Wiik Smell i>cbfc 1

Importation of Cattlr from Ireland.

Supply.

Manning the Navy.

Bath Road a.

33 Geo. II.

6° — 7- Februarii.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Nugent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, for a Time to he limited: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Three Weeks.

Mr. Char If ofi, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Rejblvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be applied towards the improving, widening, and enlarging, the Pafthge over and through London Bridge.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the more effectual Manning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for t he Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships or Vessels in the Merchants Service;

The Counsel ugainst the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second time.

And the Petition of the Merchants, Owners, and Commanders, of Ships, whoseNamesare thereunto subscribed, bn behalf of themselves and others, was also read.

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard; and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

lle/ulved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejblvcd, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

' Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy y° din Februarii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759. Prayers.

MR. Proxvfe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, appointed for carrying into Execution the several Acts of Parliament for erecting Turnpikes, and for repairing the Roads round the City of Bath, and of several other Persons, who are obliged to travel on the said Roads, or some of them; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Bath, in the County of Somerfd, and of the major Part of the Trustees appointed for carrying into Execution the several Acts of Parliament for erecting Turnpikes, and for repairing the Roads round the said City; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and haddiredtedhimto report the fame, as they appeared VOL. 28.

4 °9

to them, to the House; and be read the; Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the firli-mentioned Petition,

Two several Acts of Parliament, of the 12th and 13th Years of his present Majesty, were read: And,

John Brick dale Esquire, being examined, informed your Committee, That the present Road is very inconvenient, and leads over the steep Hills of Holloway, Dunkerton, and Rodjlolce; and that, if a Road was opened from Bath towards Wells, by Tunley, it would not be liable to the Inconveniences of the present Rfoad, and would also reduce the Length of the Road, which is at present 19 Miles, to about 17 Miles; but that the Trustees under the said Acts apprehend, they are not sufficiently impowered to make such Alteration in the said Road: Then,

John Ilipjley Cox Esquire, being examined, said, That he knows the Road from the Six Mile Stone, in the Pg-rish of Camertun, through Rodjloke, to the White Pofi, in the Parish of Midsummer Norton, which is about Six Miles long, and is not included in any Act for repairing any particular Roads; and that a great Part of the said Road is, at present, in very bad Repair, and not capable of being amended by the ordinary Course of Law.

Then a Clause in the said Act, of the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Trustees, appointed to put the said Adfc in Execution, are restrained from repairing any Part of the Streets, Lanes, or Highways, within the City of Bath: And,

John Brick dale Esquire, being examined, informed your Committee, That the said Reliraint had been found inconvenient; and the Trustees desired to have the same removed, by repealing that Part of the said Act.

Then a Clause in the said Act was read; whereby it appeared, that the Trustees were prohibited from borrowing a larger Sum than £. 12,000 at one time: And,

John Brickdale Esquire, being further examined, said. That a larger Sum would be wanting to carry into Execution the Purposes of the intended Act.

And, in order to ftiew that the Tolls collected would be a sufficient Security for such further Sum to be borrowed, lie produced to your Committee an Account of the Receipts by virtue of the said Act, fr<Jm July 9th. 1757 to January the ift 1759, as follows:

From 7idy*9th 1757 to October 3d

1757 ----- 433 19 5J

From October 10th 1757 to Jan. 2d

1758 - --- - 48517 8f

From Jan. 9th 1758 to Ap. 3d 1758 409 14

From April 10 1758 to July 3d 1758 516 6 u£

From July 10 1758 to October 2d

1758 - /- - - - 534 6 10

From October 9th 1758 to Jan. ift

1759 - - V, - , - 63° 6 8I

To prove the Allegations of the Petition of the

Mayor, Aldermen* and Citizens, of the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, and of the major Part of the Trustees appointed for carrying into Execution the several Acts of Parliament for eredling of Turnpikes, and for repairing the Roads round the said City, j’our Committee examined the said John Brickdale Esquire; who said, That the Road from the Place where the'Foil Gate stood, to Mr. Harford]s Brewhpufe, and also the Road from the Common; Gate to King's Mead House y and the Road from the present Toll Gate, on the Lanfdoion Road, to the Top of Broadjtreet; all lie within the Liberties of the City of Bath,.and, from their Situation, cannot, by the said Act, of the^th Year of his present Majesty, be repaired by the Trustees under the said Act; and that the repairing the said Roads would be a very great Burthen upon the Owners or Occupiers of Hotifes or Lands liable to repair tfhe fame.

5 M And

4io , f Februarii. 1759.

And he added, That life know* the Road fi*om the Cross Pofi on the Newton St. Loe Road to the Kelston 1 Boad; and that it will he a great Conveniency to the Public, to join the Kdjton Road with the Bristol Road, over the New Bridge.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdown Hill and the City of Bath; and for amending several other Highways, therein mentioned, leading to the said City; and also for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, and for repairing the Road from the Six Mite Stone, in the Parish of Cafnerton, to the White Pofi, in the Parish of Midsummer Norton, and from the Cross Pofi, in the Parish of Newton St. Loe, to the Kelfioti Road, rn the Parish of Wefion: And that Mr. Prowse, the Earl of Egmont, Lord Ligonier, Mr. Secretary Pitt, and Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

8tnubenzee*s Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom

theingrofl’ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Philippas Willem Casimir Van Straubenzee Esquire, was committed, That the Committee had exa-amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Bridgewater Sir Charles Kemys Tr/tftereported from the Committee, Road*. to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Bridgewater, and of the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Freeholders, Landholders, and Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of Cannington, North Pet her ton, and Thurtoxton, in the County of Somerset, and also of several other Gentlemen and Freeholders, inhabiting near the Town of Bridgeioatei', in the said County; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Bridgeivafer, and County of Somerset, whose Namels are thereunto full-feribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the Hundreds of Catfash and Whitley, in the County of Somerset. and also of the Trustees of the Somerton, Langport, and Breivton, Turnpike Roads, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of Somerset, and also of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading from the City of Bristol, fub-divided for the separate Care and Service of the Road called the Winford Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred.; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Three first-mentioned Petitions,

Mr. James Rice, being examined, said. That the several Roads, therein deteribed, are, in many Parts, very rough and incommodious, and in others, from the Nature of the Soil, in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods ppescribed by Law:

And further said, That, if the Repair of the Road from High Bridge, in the Ptfrish of Hnntfpill to Ware Bridge, in the said County of Somerset, was carried on to meet the Bristol Turnpike Road, it would improve a Communication between Bristol, Bridgewater, and

Taunton, and Country adjacent; and if carried on from i? '

the Cross Road from Brow field and Cruel Hill, which fulls into the Biddeforcland Barnfiaple Road, near Eamove, in the said County, to Binivomb Bottom, and thence to join the Taunton lump ike Road, it would create a more frequent and commodious Communication with many Parts of the Country, and be of public Utility.

To prove the Allegations of the fourth-mentioned Petition,

John Brick dale Esq u ire, beingexamined, said, That the Roarl from Pipers Inn, in the Parish of Aijhcott, to a House called Kingwefion Inn, in the Parish of Kingwefion, in the County of Somerset, is, in many Places, very narrow, and in others very deep and thunderous, particularly about Two Miles of it; and that the same cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the lait-mentioned Petition, 4

The said Mr. Brickdale informed your Committee,

That, by several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads leading from the City of Bristol, the Road through the Par:111 of Bedmhfter, over Broadway Dozen, to Langford, and from thence to Cross and Ware, in the County of Somerset, called the Winford Road, is directed to be repaired, but, though the Tmftees of the said Road have, with the utmost Care, laid out all the Tolls colleo'ed thereon, and all the Money which they thought prudent to borrow, amounting to £.1,400, yet have not been able to amend more than Seven Miles thereof, the whole being Thirty-seven Miles in Length; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired, unless the said Road be divided into Three Districts, and separate Tolls taken in each District.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridge-ivater, in the County of Somerset; and to enlarge the Powers granted by an Act, of the 31 ft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the " Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the <c 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the First, for repairing the Road from the City " of Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads therein nien-tioned, and for making the said Act more effectual;

" and the other, passed in the 2id Year of the Reign of <c his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing " Two Acts of Parliament, the one, pasted in the 13th <c. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the " First, for amending the several Roads leading from the " City of Bristol, and the other, puffed- in the 4th Year i( of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and cc amend the same Act; and for making the said Acta " more effectual; and also for repairing ,other Roads <c therein mentioned; and for making all the said Acts " more effectual; and for repairing, widening, and " keeping in Repair, several other Roads;" and -for making t he said Act more effectual: And tl^itSir Charles Kemys Tynte, the Ear! of Egmonf and Mr. Proufe, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Thistlelhzcaytc preferred to the House, according R (hop’i to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open Wfkk* arable Fields and Downs, in the Manor of Bishop's JT alt ham, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be read a Second'time* )

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Cast* the Electing of a Burgess to I'crve in tins present Partial Writ, ment for the Borough of Bishop's CaJUe, in the County of Salop, in the room of Walter Waring Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of his Majeliv \s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dejbo rough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr

32/Geo. II. 70 Februarii. 41*

Stort Mr. Nicholson Catvert reported from the Committee, Navigation. wjlorn Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, and others. Inhabitants of the Comities of Hertford ' and Fffc.r, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Yeomans, being examined, said. That he is a Surveyor, and has been employed in making several Navigations, particularly in the Rivers Nene and Ivel: That he surveyed the River Stort in December last, from Bishops Stort ford, to a Place called the Rye, at Hoddef-don, where it falls into the River Lea: That it is capable of being made navigable; and that he estimated the Expence of completing the Navigation at £. 10,000; viz.

£- s. d.

To 14 Double Loqks and Th-ee

Stanches.....6,600 o o

Purchase of Land for Haling Paths and Cuts; making the Cuts; building and altering sundry Bridges; and to pay for Trees, Barrows,

Planks, Sic. - 2,850 o o

For other Conveniences - - 550 o o

£ 10,000 o o

That there are at present 10 Mills on the proposed Navigation, and was formerly another: That it will not be necessary to raisethe Water higher than it is at present at any of the Mill Dams: That the Puffing of Boats will not beany Prejudice to the Mills in full Water Time: That there is Plenty of Water from November to May, except in very dfy Springs, and in hard Frofts.

Beingafked, What would be a sufficient Satisfaction to the Millers for the Loss of Water sustained by the

Passage of a Boat through a Lock ? he said. He apprehended Six Pence for the Passage of every Barge up or down at every Mill: That the shortest Mill Pool in the River would not fink -j-th of an Inch by filling a Lock; and that this would be supplied by the Stream in Four Minutes, in case the Mill was flopped: That, when he mentioned 6 d. as a proper Satisfaction for the Passage of a Boat, his Meaning was, that 3 d. would be sufficient for the Loss of Water, and the other 3 d. for the Miller’s Attendance as Lock-keeper, it being pro.-posed to let the Millers have the Charge of the Locks, as it was apprehended they would be more careful of the Water than other Persons.

Being asked, What Number of Boats, he imagined, would be employed on the Navigation ? he said. He apprehended Six Boats every Week would be sufficient to carry all the Goods down the River.

Mr. Thomas Adder ley, being examined, said. That he had lived at Hockerell 11 Years, and 20 at Bishop Stort-ford; and that he is well acquainted with that Part of the Country:

That, if the proposed Navigation should take Effect, it would be a great Advantage to the neighbouring Country, as it would enable them to fend their Malt, Wheat, and other Grain, much cheaper to Marker: That great Quantities of Malt are made in the Bishop Stort ford and Saffron Walden Di drifts: That he had made a Calculation, from which it appeared, that about 66,000 Quarters of Malt are sent from thence to the London Market annually.

And being asked, How he made this Calculation ? he said, That he had examined the Excise Books of those Districts; by which it appeared, that, upon an Average of the Years 1754 and 1757, 41*528 Quarters of Malt were made in the District of Bishop Slortford, and 35,681 Quarters in Saffron Walden District; and, in Confirmation of this Part of his Evidence, he produced the following Account, taken from the Excise Books, and signed by the Supervisor of Excise.

Harlow -

Efhvick -

Sabridguorth Hat field - -

Slier ing -

Stortford -Hoc krill -Stanjtead Mount Fitchet

Bishop Stortford District.

Q« of Malt made in 1754.

- 4,706 -

- 1 >33° ‘

- 7,201 -

- 3>25* "

- 7»4°5 "

- 11,891 r

In 1757.

- 4.947

- 1.^45

- 6,545

- 2,000

- 5,260

- 10,670

- 4,77b

- 2-,620

Total - - 45,020

38,037

lit Division Walden D°. 2d Division D\ 2d Division -jy. liftGdt Ride Chijfel D°. ad Out Ride Quendon t^. jd^ot Ride Walden -4thOut Ride Audley End Ickleton Tkaxted -

... ' Henham -

: ': : Old Sampford

Linton ’ Haver Hill

Malt made in Saffron Walden District.

Qp. in the: Year 1754.

- 4,100 -

- - 6,220 -

- 6,060 -

- 2,110 -

- '3.65° - - -

- 2,510 ..

- 6,900 -

- ' 1,890 - -

- - 1,060 -

67O.

- 1,000 - -

- .1,740 . - V - 1

In the Year 1757

- V6*5

- 5.563

5.550

; - - 1,375

- . - 3,^5

- 2,000

- 6,250

- 1,5621

937I

500

M37l

' . 38,000

Being then asked, how much of this might be used for honjeGpnfumptiorir be said, That heapprehended about -5,000 >Quarters in Stortford District, and 6,000 In Saf-Jroiiffy^den: That he was informed of the Quantity Vol. 28.

33,363

of Beer brewed in each District by the Officers of Excise; and, allowing a Quarter of Sdalt to a Hogshead of Beer, this is the annual Consumption:

ThattheMalt, which is not confhmed at home, is sent

either

Crickley Hill Roads.

41$

70 Februa

1759-

either to Stanflead Deal, or to Ware, by Land; and that it is difficult to get Carriers; for the Maltsters cannot afford to pay more than One Shilling a Quarter, and the People who carry it, being all Farmers, will not work for that Price, when they have any other Employment: That, when the Malt is got to Ware or Stanjiead, there is frequently some DifficuItyin gettingitto London; for the Proprietors of Barges, being many of them Maltsters, or Factors for the London Markets, will not carry for other People till they have served themselves: That the Expence of Warehouses falls upon the Malt-fter; and that, when the Witness has had a Commission from London for Malt, he has not been able to get it carried thither till the People at Stanjleadhad sent their own: That there are the same Difficulties in lending Wheat to London, of which great Quantities go from thisCoun-try, the Proprietors of Barges being commonly Factors or Maltsters: That the chief Commodity on this Navigation will be Malt, and the great Demand for it is in the brewing Season, from October to March, when the River is full of Water:

That this Country is very ill supplied with Coals: That the Witness has bought them at London, Maldon, and Lyn; but that they all come very dear, as they are mostly brought by Land Carriage, which colt i6r. &d. a Chaldron; viz. 10s. to Starrfield, and 6s. 8 d. to Stort-ford, and that upon back Carriage only, 4 s. of which, lie apprehends, will be saved by the intended Navigation; and that this Navigation would reduce the Price of Carriage from Stortford to London about Six Shillings a Ton:

That the Navigation would be of Advantage to the Public in general, and to the Poor in particular, in regard to Firing r That, within the Iaft 17 or 18 Years, Wood for Fuel israised in general about Six Shillings a Load: That the Malt Trade is likely to increase, and they dry it all with Wood; and, if no other Fuel is introduced, they will be in great Distress:

That the Proprietors of Lands and Mills wereap-prised of the Application to Parliament; fora Meeting was held to consider of the Application, which was sfd-vertifed a Month before in the Chronicle, the General Evening Pofi, and the Ipswich Journal.

Mr. Smith, being examined, said, He has been a Maltster at Bishop Stortford 15 Years: That this Navigation would reduce the Price of Carriage of Malt to the River Lea to 8 d. a Quarter; and he apprehends the Toll on a Quarter of Malt would not be more than Two Pence.

Being alked, On what he founded this Calculation f he said, On the Estimate of Mr. Yeomans, the Surveyor.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill for making the River Stort navigable, in the Counties of Hertford and Essex, from the new Bridge in the Town of Bishop Stortford into the River Lee, at or near a Place called the Rye, in the County of Hertford: And that Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Mr. Whittington, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Harvey, and Colonel Griffin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of North-leach, Burford, and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladen, to Camps field, in the Parish of Kidlinglon, in the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Witney,

11.rough En/ham, Cumner, and Botley, to the Ciiy of Oxford; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of tire said Petition,

Part of the said Act was read; apd,

Mr. William Stephens, Clerk to the Trustees for that Part of the said Road which lies in the County of Glou-cejier, being examined, said. That, in Pursuance of the said Act, Two Turnpikes have been erected upon the aforesaid Part of the said Road, and the whole of the Tolls, directed by the said Act to be taken on that Part of the said Road, have been taken at One of the said Turnpikes; which Method of collecting the Tolls has been found very incouvenient in many Respects; and that, it is apprehended, it would he more for the Advantage of the Road, if the said respectiveTol Is were to be divided, and One Half thereof taken between Crick-ley Hill and the said Place called Frogg Mill, and the other Half between Frogg Mill and the utmotl Extent of the County of Gloucester, towards the Town of Burford, in the County of Oxford.

And he produced to your Committee a Paper, signed by all the Mortgagees under the said A ft; whereby they consent to the proposed Alteration in the Manner of collecting the Tolls on that Part of the said Road which lies in the County of Gloucester, provided the , Trustees are impowered to restore the same to their former Situation, in case the said Alteration, in the Manner of collecting, I7ia.ll prove detrimental to their respective Securities under the said Act.

And the said Mr. Stephens added, That some further Powers arenecessary to be given for the more effectually putting the said Act in Execution, with respect to that Part of the said Road which lies in the said County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m a Bill for enlarging and altering several Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of Northleach, Burford, and Witney, and Pa fifties of Hanborough and Bladen, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford: And that Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Harbord, and the Lord North, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill, to indemnify Persons who have officcJJUHj omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and EmpIoyr Empty-menu, ments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Norwich Commonalty, of the City of Norwich, in Common and

Council assembled: And also, " «;

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, ajjl principal Inhabitants, of the City and County of N<&- m°*

wich: . ,7

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally. letting forth* That the Assizes qpd General Gaol Delivery for the same City and County are held but once in a Year, by reason whereof the Trial of all Causes, both civil and criminal, at the AfCzes there, is greatly delayed; and alleging, that the Petitioners are informed the Inhabitants of the County of Norfolk have petitioned? this House for Leave to bring in a Bill, for holding the Lent Assizes for the said County at the Caf-tle of Norwich, where the Summer Assizes are now-held: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for the holding the Lent Assizes, for the said County of Norfolk, at the Cattle of Norwich y and that a Clause or Clauses

may

3 2 Geo. II. f Februarii. 413

may be therein inserted, for holding the Assizes twice in the Year for the City of Norwich arid County of the same City.

Norwich A Petition of the Magistrates, Merchants, and prin-and cipal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, Mizes* ’n County Norfolk, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging.That the Petitioners,living at about Fifty Miles distant from Thetford, are put to very great Expence and Trouble in carrying Causes to Trial there; and that the holding the Lent Assizes at the Castle of Norivich will be a great Convenience to the Petitioners, and to the Inhabitants in general of the said County: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the holding the Lent Assizes for the County of Norfolk at the Castle of Norivich.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Road1 APfctition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of

oa Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road from a certain Place called Three Oaks, in the Parish of Ashill, in the said County, through the Parish of Ilton, in the said County, over Ilford Bridge, to a Place called . BridgeCrofs, within the Parish o(South Petkerton, in the County aforesaid, is in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, narrow and incommodious, and liable to be annoyed by Water; and alleging, that the same cannot be sufficiently repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the said Road lies contiguous to Parts of the Roads mentioned inaPetition for a Bill to be brought into Parliament for repairing and amending the Road from the Raft End of the Town of Chard, through //-mijler, to the South End of a Moor called West Moor, in the County aforesaid; and certain other Roads therein mentioned: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave that the said Bill, so intended to be brought into Parliament, for repairing arid amending the said Road from the EastEndoftheTown of Chard through //-mister, to the South End of the said Moor called West Moor, and other Roads therein mentioned, may be brought into Parliament, as a Bill for repairing and amending the Roads, not only mentioned in the Petition already presented for Leave to bring in the fame, but also the said Road from Three Oaks, through Ilton, over Ilford Bridge, to Bridge Cross, in such Manner as the House shall think fit; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House ffiail seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Towns of Ilmifter, Crew kerne, Yeovill, Chard, Langport, East over, and South Pettier ton, in the County of Somerset, and of the principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Ashill, Broadway, Donyat, Ilton, Stocklinch, Magdalen, Puckington, Isle Brewers, Earnjhill, Curry Rivall, Kingstone, Dinnington, Chilling ton, Odcoinbe, Mont acute. Stoke under Ilamden, Norton, Seavington St, Mary, Seavington St, Michael, Shepton Beauchamp, and White Lachington, in the said County, is referred: Apd that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Manning A Petition of the Merchants, Owners, and Mailers the Naw. of Ships, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of theraselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, if the Bill for the more etfe6lual manning his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others belonging to Ships and Vessels in the Merchants Service; pass into a Law, it will be very hurtful to Owners and Mailers of Ships, and prevent the Iticrease of Mariners, and be detrimental to Trade and Navigation in general: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Vol. a8.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Coioper do, Tomorrow Importation Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to of Tallow whom it is referred to consider of the Duties now pay- xrch^d. able on the Importaion of Tallow from Ireland,

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Shelley do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

The House was moved, That the Account of all the Foundling Monies received and paid, on Account of the Hospital Hospital. for the fyfaintenance and Education of exposed and deserted yonngChildren, from the 31 ft Day o{'December 175 7, to the 9U1 Day of December 1758, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Account of all Monies received and paid, by the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, between the 9th and 31st Days of December 1758, inclusive, together with the Balance then remaining, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command acquainted the House, That his Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House, the further Care of the said Charity.

Ordered, That what Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer has now acquainted the House with, from his Majesty, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Ditto. Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted youngChildren.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty. v

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- ^yi ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole an can* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

5N

4H

8° Februarii.

A.

>759-

.yovisj 8° die Februarii;

Anno 32° Georgii IIai Regis, 3 759* Prayers.

Great

Gleir

THE Lord George 7l/tf?7??^r.9presented to the House, mtioiurc according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing

(certain open and common Fields in Great Glen, in the County of Leicester, called the Nether or South End Fields, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields; and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wilbrahnm’s Mr. Wilh) reported from the Committee, to whom the Nome. ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act, for continuing, establishing, and confirming, the Surname and Arms of Bootle unto Richard Wilbraham Bootle Esquire, formerly called Richard Wilbraham and Mary Wilbraham Bootle his Wife, and their Ifiiie, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Bootle Knight, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Cleric’s Table. ’ 'IiL

Southwark An ingrossed Bill to qxplain and amend an Act,passed Small Debt*. in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’sReign,intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of St. Saviour^ St. Alary at Netving-ton, St. Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, Christ Church, St. Mary, Lambeth, and St. Mary at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the same; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act to the Parishes of Streatham, Clapham and Camberwell and the Manor of Hatchaniy in the Parish of St. Pauly Deptford, in the said County; was read the Third time.

ResolvedyThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 22(1 ’ Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

Tor the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, Cltrijl Church, Saint Mary, Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhilh, in the County of Surrey, and the several Precincts and ‘Liberties of the same; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act to such Part of the Eastern Half of the Hundred of Brixton, in the said County, as is not’ fneluded in the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Hammond do carry the Bill to the I^ords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply- Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House,to whom it wras referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, 'the.'Refutation which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

' That the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds be granted to

his Majesty, upon Account, towards enabling the Go\ernors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to receive all such Children under a certain Age, to be by them limited, as shall be brought to the said Hospital; and also towards enabling them to maintain and educate such Children as are now under their Care, and to continue to carry into Execution the good Purposes for which they were incorporated; and that the said Sum be ifl’ued and paid for the Use of the said 1 lospital, without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time,was, upon the Qu eft ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

18

A Bill for dividing arid inclosing the open, arable, Pwtton Meadow, Failure, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of IncloUjrc* P rest on upon Slower, in the County of Gloucrjler, was rend a Second time.

Resolved, That t.he Bill be committed to Mr. Oswald,

Mr. Bacon, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Carys-fort, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Geo. Onjloic, Mr. FcHowes',

Mr. Ojbaldeston, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cartwright,. Mr.

Fi/her, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Calthorpe,

Mr. Samuel Martin, General Cornwallisv. Mr. Ilewell,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Shelley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Jenyns, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. More, Lord Reg liter of Scotland, Mr. Probe a, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Bud gen. Sir John Gordon, Mr. hunger, Mr. Cocks, Mr. 11arbord,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Rigby, Sir Samuel[ Flu dyer, Mr. Alderman Baker,

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Nugent, Mr. West, Mr. lloivney, Mr. Channcey Townfend, Mr. Thoroton, the Marquis of Wiinch ef/cr, Mr. Fane, Sir William Peeve Williams, Mr.

Brijlozoe, Mr. Great heed, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Medlycoft, Mr. Locke, Mr, Bull, Lord Digby, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Yorke, Mr. James GreUville, Sir John Philipps; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Warwick, and Oxford:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham her.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Counties Duties of Pembroke, Cardigan, and Merioneth, whose Names ou CuJna* are t|iereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read: alleging, That Lime being the chief Manure for Land in the said Counties, without which it will hot produce any tolerable Crops of Corn, the Culm which is used in burning the fame, as also the Limcstones, are brought from Milfordhaven, and the lower Parts of the County of Pembroke, by Water; and further alleging, that the Petitioners are greatly aggrieved, by being obliged to pay the Duty upon such Culm; and repre-fenting the great Difficulties and Ex ponces, which the Petitioners allege they ore put to in procuring Culm for the aforementioned Purpose; and also representing the good Consequences which, they allege, will arise, if the House would grant them Relief in the Pre^ mises: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners,'That a Repeal of the Laws now in being, for levying the Duties on Culm, that shall be Wat,er-borne to the said several Counties, shall be obtained, or that such other Relief shall be granted to the Petitioners in the Premises, as to the House shall feecn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. YanJUtarlreported from the Committee, to whom Sunning, the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and &c. other Freeholders and Inhabitants, of the Counties of koad. Berks, Wilts, and Surrey, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable;

Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Brown, being examined, said, That he has fnrveyed the Road from the Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, to Wokingham, and from thence through Sunning Hilt, in the County of Berks, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey, which is about Seventeen Miles in Length, and is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Pailengers and Carriages; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being,

Mr. Thomas Round confirmed the a fore fir id Evidence as to the ruinous Condition of the Road, and the Insufficiency of (he Laws in being to amend the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called the Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of

Berks,

Importation cf Tallow from Ireland.

Wear

Navigation.

Nova

bcctia.

StvdJfy

fcric^e

Koyds.

3 2 Geo. IL 8b — 90 F41£

Berks, through Wokingham, AW? Brack nozvl, and Ahz-w?7/g /////, to Virginia Wafer, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr. Vavjit tart, Mr. Pye, and Mr, Fish'er, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the 'Day being read;

The House resolved itft-lf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties now payable on the Importation of'fallow from Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Rigby took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Rigby reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses, and had con side red the Alatter referred to the Committee; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine of the Clock.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen* £nd Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; alleging, That the Pe-tioners, finding that a Petition is depending for a Bill, for making and completing the River Wear navigable, from and including Biddickford to the City of Durham, they conceive such Improvement will be of great Utility to the Trade and Manufactures of the City of London, and to the Public in general, as it will encourage the Proprietors of several Collieries to open the fame, promote a greater Supply of Coals, and reduce the exorbitant Price thereof: And therefore praying, That

such Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to" whom the Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the City oI Durham, and of Gentlemen, Clergymen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the said City and County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

-----1-----

V1eneris} g° die Februarii;

Anno 3 2° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

An ESTIMATE

Mr. O/zcald, from the Commissioners for Trade and ^ova Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their. Scotii. Address to his Majesty,

An Estimate of the Charge of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1759.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followed!; viz.

of the Charge of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1759.

To the Salaries of the Civil Officers and Magistrates of Halifax, and other Settlements in the Colony, the maintaining and-supporting an Hospital, and Orphan House, and other contingent Expences attending the Civil Establishment -

To the Seamens. Wages, Stores, Provisions, Repairs, and incidental Expences, of Three . armed Yefteis, and Three Schooners, in the Service of the Colony -

£. s. d.

5,676 14 4

4,225 10 8

9,902 5 —

Ordered, That the said Estimate do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 14th o$ March 1758, of the Return made from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to an Order of this House for an Account to be laid before this House of the Aionies paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the 1 ft of January 1757 to the 31st December following, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining ihe Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ift of January 17 37 to the 31st of December following.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Mont y paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ill of January 1 758 to the 31 li of December following.

Mr. Earjntnn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Ftccholders, and other Pc-ft.ns. in the County of Witts, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-n eietl him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the Ilonfc*; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Yol. 28.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Two Acts, of the 13th and 17th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Studlnf Bridge, t hrough Chippenham, to iheTop of 77 ggllitl, and the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick, were read: And, Mr. Rice, being examined, said. That the Trustees, appointed by the said Acts, have borrowed £. 2,000 on the Credit thereof, which still remains due; and that the said Debt cannot be discharged, and the Roads repaired, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts be further enlarged; Then,

An Act, pafl‘ed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to Cricklade, and from thence to Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts, and from thence to join the Turnpike Road at Acton Turville; and also from Teibury, through Malmsbury,to Chippenham Bridge^ and the Road from Shcrston to join the Turnpike Road from Tel bury to Bath-, was read: And,

Air. Rice, being again examined, said, That nothing had been done, in pursuance of the said Act, toward repairing the said Road between Chippenham Bridge and' Malmsbury; and that the said Road is very ruinous, and in many Parts narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law:

That t he Road from Chippenham Bridge, which joins the Turnpike Road at Sutton Bengar, and also the Road from the Sign of the Plough, in the Parilli of Kington St. Michael, adjoiningto the Turnpike Road at Grttlle-ton, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

And

Peckham’s

Name.

9° Februarii. - A. 1759.

And several Members present confirmed Mr. Rice's Evidence.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, [faded in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Road from Studley Bridge to Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, and for amending the Road from Chippenham to Pickzcick, in the same County; and to repeal so much of an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road between Chippenham Bridge and Idiver Stanton; and for amending, widening, and rendering commodious, the said Road; and also the Road from the Sign of the Plough, in the Parish of Kingston Saint Michael, to the Turnpike Road at Grittleton; and also the Road from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Sutton Benger, in the said County of Wilts;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to the Town of Cricklade, and from thence to the Town of MalmJbujy, in the County of Wilts, and the Road from thence to join the Turnpike Road at A Bon Turville, in the County of Gloucester; and also the Road from Telbury, in the said County, through Malmsbury aforesaid, to Chippenham Bridge; and the Road from Sherston to join the Turnpike Road leading from Telbury to Bath; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly 5 Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing An Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, so far as the fame* relates to the repairing the Road from Studley Bridge to Chippenham, in the County of Wilts \ and for amending the Road from Chippenham to Pickzcick, in the same County; and to repeal so much of an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road between Chippenham Bridge and Lower Stanton; and for amending, widening, and rendering commodious, the said Road, and also the Road from the Sign of the Plough, in the Parish of Kingston Saint Michael, to the Turnpike Road at Grittleton; and also the Road from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Sutton Benger, in the said County of Wills: And that Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Samuel Fludyer, and Mr. Northey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable Thomas Peckham Esquire, and his Jflite, to take and use the Surname of Fowley was read a Second time.

Btfolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Butler, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. West, Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Medly-cott. Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Symons, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Hume, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Affleck, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fellowes, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Martin, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. More, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Northey, Mr. Crejwell, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Willy, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Price, Mr. Pole, Mr. Harris, Mr. P[umpire, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Thoroton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, Southampton, and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’6 Chamber.

Mr. Hezvett prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to New Haven, and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oakerthorpe, to Ashborne, and from the Cross Post on IVirkJworth Moor to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chappel-en-le-Frith, at or near Longs I on, in the County of Derby; and from SejJtoji to Annejley Woodhonfe, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord North reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Towns of llmijler, Crexvktrne, Yeovill, Chard, Lang-port, Eastover, and South Pel her Ion, in the County of Somerset, and of the principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Afliill, Broadway, Donyat, IUon, Stocklinch, Magdalen, Puckington, Iste Brewers, Earn/hill, Curry Rivall, Kingstone, Dinnington, Chillington, Odcombe, Montacute, Stoke-under-IIamdon, Norton, Seavington St. Mary, Seavington St. Michael, Shepton Beauchamp, and White Lachinglon, in the said County; and also the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first Petition,

Mr. Robert Bryant, being examined, said, That he is well acquainted with the several Roads, described in the Petition, from Chard to Westmoov, from the End of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish oiBrimptoH, to Kenny Gate; from Peafemarsh Lane to Horton Elm', from the Turnpike Road on St. Rane Hill to the Town of Ilmifter-, and from the White Cross, near Lopen, to the Turnpike Road on Chillington Down: That they are all common Highways; are, in many Places, in a ruinous Condition, and in some Places very narrow, andlire liable to be overflowed: That the amending and widening the said Roads would be of great Advantage to the Public; but the same cannot be done by the Laws in being.

In Support of the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Bryant, being again examined, said. That the Road from the Three Oaks to Bridge Cross is a public Highway: That it is ruinous, narrow, and fnhjeft to be overflowed; and that it cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of , Law: That it lies contiguous to the Roads described in the former Petition; and that the repairing of this Road will be of great public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of the Town of Chard, to the South End of West Moor; and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through Ilmifter, to Kenny Gate; and from the West End of Peafemarsh Lane to Horton Elm; and from Saint Rane Hill to Ilmifter; and from White Cross to Chillington Down; and from a Place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the County of SomerJ'et: And that the Lord North, Mr Cholmley, the l ord Carpenter, Mr. Prozvje, and Sir Charles Kemys Tynle, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. West presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Surpluses stated the 5th of April 1758; and also, Surplusses stated the 10th of October 1758.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abitrafts thereof are as followeth; viz.

ABSTRACT

Chappel

Iter

Roads.

Chard

Road,

SwrplnflrJ.

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

c§

FT

<5

O

r

oo

A BSTR ACT of the said Surplusses, dated the 5th of April 1758.

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND

T O Sjrplus Monies unapplied on the loth of October 1757, as per Account thereof for tho J Year then ended -

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year, ended the 5th of April 1758, viz.

o

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1

Surplus of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2. - -

Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3.

To Monies brought to Account the 5th Day of April 1758, pursuant to the Art passed the 25* Georgii 2dl, for consolidating the Funds; viz.

The Duty of 6d. perOunce on wrought Plate, £. s. d.

granted per Arte-’ Georgii iul1, for the Service of the Yehr 172® - - - - 2,911 14 8

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted by an / id 40 Georgii -idl, for the Service of the Year 1731 ".....14,853 5 2

Surplus of the additional Duties on low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Acts 16®, and 24° Georgii 2di.....18,677 12 51

The \ike of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted j er Art 18° Georgii 2il, for the Service of the Year 1745 - - - 13,939 4

The likoof the’Dftties upon Glass, and spiritu-joum Liquors, granted per Art 19° Georgii 2t!i, for the Service of the Year 1746 ——

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses,

Windows, and Lights, granted per Art 20*

Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747 ----- 63,142 6 10J

The Duty on Coaches, granted per Art 20°

Georgii 2di, for the Service of the said Year 15,648 11 6J

The Subsidy on Gohds and Merchandize imported, granted per Art*21 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the \ ear 1748 - - - 158,707 15 —

£. s. d. 475^51 8 — }

">>-5*3 15 1

283,807 15 1

'829,442 19 7

287,880 io 8

Dr.

£' * d.

93,371 11 7.2

Per Contra

BY the cJiiefCalhierof the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Interest due the 5th Day of January 1758, being after the Rate of £.3 per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.10,537,821. 5 s. 1 ~d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of £. 3 per Cent. Transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Arts palfed the 25®, 28®, & 29°, Georgii 2dl, in that Behalf -

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, in the same Half Year ——

By the chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for One Quarter of a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of January 1758, being after the Rate of £.3 10s'.per Cent. per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 14,984,455 18s. \d. Part of the Sum of £.17,701,323 i6«. ±d. subscribed to the JointStock of 3^ per Cent. Transferable Annuities, pursuant to the First Art passed 23 Georgii 2di, Page 3, in that Behalf -

By D°, for One Quarter of a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of April 1758, after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, on the said principal Sum of£. 14,984,455 18s. 4 d. - -

By D°, more, for Half a Year's Interest due the said 5th Day of April 1758, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.2,716,867 185. Rtfiduc of the aforegoing Sum of£. 17,701,323 16s. 4 d. subscribed to the said Joint Stock of Annuities, pursuant to a Olause in the 2d Art palfed 23® Georgii 2dl Page 444, in that Behalf ——

By the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, in the Half Year ended the said 5U1 Day of April 1758, pursuant to the Art passed 25® Georgii a*1 in that Behalf -

By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th of January 1758, being after the Rate <if£.3 per Cent. per Annum on the principal Sum of£. 2,100,000 transferable at the South Sea House, lent oh Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Art 24° Georgii 2dl, Page 39, in that Behalf - -

By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c. for Half a Year's Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Art, Page 59, in that Behalf - -

Bv the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank England, for Half a War's Interest, due the 5th of January 1758, being after the Rate of £. 3 10 s. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.1,500,000, Part of £. 2,000,000 lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1756, puifuaut to the Art 2(VJ Georgii 2di, Page 224 in that Behalf -

Cv the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on £. 843 15 s, — d. per Annum for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for One Quarter ot'u Year, due the said 5th of January 1758 -

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, f«»r the Increase of the Trouble, Labour, and Expence, attending the Management of the following additional Annuities made transferable tlreie; viz.

On £.72 19 s. 8 d.:per Annum, for Charges of Management on £, 129,75b, to which the Sum of £. 312,000 in A n-nuities granted per Art 6° Georgii 1, J, and charged on the Duty Oh wrought Plate, is reduced, subscribed into the

Cr.

Ud>

a

£tl

O '

£ * A I — I

.158,067 6 4*

,2.554 —

t;

!3Dna 19 9 112,383 8 4| VO

O

40.753 — 4 S'*

Sr

4,978 9 10.J

31,500-----

590 12 6

26,250-----

210 18

To the Duty of 12/ft. perBarreton Sweets or Wines, made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar,granted per-Atl 10° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 270 Georgii 2JI, Page 218 - £. s. d 4.297 >9 >°l Dr. s 1

To the Surplus of the additional Duties on. £ s. d. Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued per Act 2® Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of /*. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of JEng/arid, brought to this Account pursuant tathe Act 28® Georgii a'11, Page 457 13>19S J9 9i To the Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued per Act 10' Georgii ,2dl>. for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Dank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to iiesaid. Act 28° Georgii 13,4s1 1 4s L ‘ 26,630 1 2

To the Duty upon Licences for retailing £ d. Beer* Ale, and other excileable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 29* Georgii 2" Page 3-12 - - 33*588 6 — To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 29° Georgii 2dl, Page 323 - - 3,902 9 9 To the several Rates and Duties, payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, bavin" certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 29° Georgii 2dl> Page 332. - 5,242 5 7J 4«.733

To the Duty of $Jh» 4 d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to- this Account pursuant to the Act 26° Georgii 3d1 Page 51, in that Behalf - - - - 122,985 12 34 L3i3»97° 4 1 li

£ >.4°7.34 > 16 ~i

w

c/2

H

o

H-1

oo

Joint Stock of £. 3I per Cent. Annuities, consolidated per Act 25* Georgii 2dl for 5 Years, from the 10th of Udober 1752 to the 10th of October 1757 -

On £ 527 10s. 5 d. per Annum, for the like on £. 37,821 5*. i|d. on Tallies and Orders, for Annuities made forth at the Exchequer, in lieu cf Nevis and Si. Christophers Debentures, per Act 8° Georgii P*1; as also for £. 600,000 in like Annuities, granted per Act 9® Georgii a*, and of £. 300,000 in Annuities, granted per Act 11° Georgii 2d‘, making together £. 937,8*21 5 s. i£ d. which Sum was subscribed into the Joint Stock of £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, con-lolidated per Act 250 Georgii 2dl for 5 Years and One Quarter, from the 24th Day of June 175*2 to the said 10th Day of October 1757 ——

On £. 506 5 s. per Annum, for the like on the Sum of £. 000,000 in Lottery Annuities, added to the said Joint St9ck of £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, con soli dated per Act *25° Georgii 2dl, pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2dl, for One Year and 3 Quarters, from the 5th of January 1756, to the said 10th of Oftubev 1757 ——

On £.281. 5 s.per Annum, for the like on the Sum of £. 500,000 in Lottery Annuities, added to the said Joint Stock of £. 3 per Cmt. Annuities, consoli dated per Acts 250 and 28° Georgii 2dJ, pursuant to the Act 290 Georgii 2dI, for Three Quarters of a Year, from the 5th of January 1757, to the said 10th of October 1757 ——

On £. 843 152. per Annum, for the like on the Sum of £. 1,500,000, in Annuities, at £. 3. 10 s. pei% Centum, granted per Act 290 Georgii zAl, for One Year Six Months and 54 Days, from the 11th Day of February 1756, to the said 10th Day of October 1757 -

£. s. d.

364 18 4

2,769 9 H

885 18 9

aio 18 9

1,390 2 3

Cr.

SO

O

5,621 7 9i

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1758, of the additional Stamp Duties, Duty on Licences for r« tailing Wine, Duty on Coals exported, and Surplus of the Duty on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, made a Fund per Act 30° Georgii 2di, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, aft^r the Hate of £. 3 per Ovt. on £. 3,000,000, as also the Life Annuities payable at the Exchequer by virtue of the said Act, and other Charges thereupon, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as perClaule in the said Act, Page 350, in that Behalf -

7,546 12 10

By Cash taken towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1758, pursuant to the Act 310 Georgii 2dl, Page 938, in that Behalf -

Balance in Cash remaining in the Exchequer, dispos*ibl<;by Parliament, on the 5th April 1758 -

393*371 11 72

914,941 8 3&

492,400 8

1,407,34! 16 7i

This being the Seventy-first Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Act 9* Georgii iml, Page 367. is humbly presented, this gth Day of I'ebruury 1759, by me

7. W

Febrmrii. ^*17 59*-

D

eg'

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

r)

ABSTRACT of the said Surplvsses, dated the 10th Ottvber 1758,

o

N>

00

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND -


TO Surplus Monies unapplied on the 5th of April 1758, iLsper Account thereof for the Half Year then ended -

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year elided the 10th of Oftoler 1758; viz

£- d,

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio i ——

Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 -

Surplus of the General Fund> brought from Account, Folio 3

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods undervalued, brought to til is Account pursuant to the Ad11° Georgii i®1. Page 146 ——

To Monies brought to this Account the 10th of October 1758, purfliant to the Act passed the 25° Georgii 2di, for confafidating the Funds; viz.

£. s. d. 19*581 3 10

The additional StampDutvon Paper,.granted by an Act 40 Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1731 -

Surplus of the additional Duties on low Wines and strong Waters, granted per Acts 160;

17*, and 240, Georgii A* - 43,387 3 1

The like^of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted per Act 18° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1745 - - 33,366 lj

The like of the Duties upon Glass, and Spirituous Liquors, granted per Act 1 cf Georgii 261, for the Service of the Year 174C - - 10,988 6 5

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses,.

Windows, and Lights, granted per Act 20*

Georgii^, for the Service of the Year 1747’ 56,862 17 6

The like of the Duty on Coaches, granted per Ad 200 Georgii A1, for the Service of the said Year

- .39,631 J5 6f

588,061 — 3i 75*636 15 2

341,903 8 8$

1,005,601 4 14

1: 17 —

- Dr.

492,400

s, d. 8 3j

Per Contra

pur

tof^.3 pe*

Acts passed the 25®, 28°, and 290 Georgii A1, in that Behalf

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, in the same Half Year

By the Chief Cashier of the Paid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the loth of October 1758, being after the Rate of £.<\ per Cent.per Annum, on the Principal Sum ol‘;£\ 17,701*323 16*.

the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Act, 25° Georgii 2di, Page 598, in that Behalf -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -

By D°, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of July 1758, being after the Rate of £. 3 10s. per Centum per , Annum, on the Principal Sum of £.1,500,000, Part of£. 2,000*000, lent on Credit of this Fund, toward# the Supply granted to his Majesty for Service of the Year 1756, in that Behalf ——

pursuant to the Ad 29* Georgii 2dl, Page 224,

By D° for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -

By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th of July 1758, being after the Rate of £. $per Cent, per Annum, on the Principal Sum of £. 2,100,000 transferable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to His Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Ad 24* Georgii 3d1, Page 39, in that Behalf ——

By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, iu that Behalf

By the Ch ief Cashier of the said Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, tfc. to reimburse the Fees and Charges in passing the Accounts of Monies iuip Times of subscribing the same in th other his Charges in the Premises -

s imp retied to him lor paying the said Annuities, from the rei’pedive Times of subscribing the same in the Year 1751, to the 5th Day of January 1757, and for hisTdruble and

By Cadi taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th'Day of July 1758, of the additional Stamp Duties, Doty on Licences for retailing Wine, Duty on Coals exported, and Surplus of the Duty on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, made a Fund per Ad 30° Georgii -A1, for paying Annuities at the Bank c f England, after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, on £. 3,000,000, as allb the Life Annuities payable at the Exchequer by virtue of the said Act, and other Charges thereupon; which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as/>cr C'Jause in the said Act, Page 350, in that Behalf -

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Glass and spirituous Liquors on the 51I1 Day of July 1758, pursuant to the Ad 190 Georgii A1, to answer Annuities on Angle Lives charged. I hereupon,; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund cut of the first Supplies to be granted iu Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page2^1 and 292^ in that Behalf -

- Cr.

£ s. d.

158,067 6 4f

2,882 15 2£

265,519 17 if

4>978 9 i<4

26,25* — —

4*i 17 6

31,500-----

59° 12 6

J,6oi 16 —

16,8^4' 14 1 j.

S,8Si 1^ iojj

2

o

3^ It* 9"

The SuMidy Court* , and ^I.s’ dnn li/.o imported, gi juii'-! jcr Act ‘ii° Georgii 2dli hir the Service of the Year " - -

The Duty of 6.7. p<rOunce on wrought Plate, granted pn Act 6° Georgii lm,» for tile Service of the Year 1726 " " "

£. s. d.

*67.424 >5

803 12 5

372.<*45 >7 91

The Doty of 405 /wr Amn/m, for Licences to be taken ont b\r all Persons deal ng in, or vending of, Cold or SilverPNe, granted from

5th >(y 1758, rtT Act 3 2<li - 5.887

TheDutv of 12*. p<*r Barrel on Sweets or Wines

made from Brit,'fh or Ioteigu l ruit cr Sugar, granted per Act to* Georgii 2dl, for Service of the Ye ar 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act Georgii 2dl, Page-2i8 -

To rheSurplus of the additional Duties on Soap,

Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2*

Georgii 2d,>for raising the Sum of\£. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 2 8° Georgii 2rii, Page 457'

To the Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued per Act i° Georgii 2rfl, for raising the Sum of £. 1.750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank oi' England, brought to this Account pursuant to the faVl Act 28* Georgii a*1

To the Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer,

Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 290

5 3i

- 29,449 9 JO

9.230 15 6$

15.7*3 10 8

Georgii 2<fi, Page 312

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account, pursuant to One other Act 29° Georgii 2dl, Page 323 -

To the several Rat°s and Duties payable by all 1 Vi Ions, Bydies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 29° Georgii 2,rt, Page 332

To the Duty of 3 5. 4«. per Builiel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 26° Georgii 2dl, Page 51, in that lkhait *,«

3.342 17 —

J3.039 3 7J

377.933 3 — }

4.929 9 1

38,680 5 4 i

32,093 11 3i

97,497 18 -~i

‘By 1 i Year’s interest on ^.1,500 in Annuity Orders, charged on the Duty on wrought Plate, granted per Act 6° j Georgii inl, from Christmas 1750 to Michaelmas 1752, from which time the same became payable at the Bank of j England, purfaantto the Act 250 Georgii -2di, for consolidating the Funds -

Cr.

£ ' d.

91 17 6

By Cash taken in further Part of the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Sevice of the Year 1758, pursuant to the Act 310 Georgii 2*", Page 938, in that Behalf ——

More, taken in Part of^*. 1,606,076 ,5 s. 1 j d. granted also towards the Supply for the Service of the said Year 1758, pursuant to the said Act 310 Georgii 2di, Page 938, in that Behalf -

492,400 8 3

1,039,128 9 11} 2,049,139 16 3j

This being the Seventy-second Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Act 90 Georgii iml. Page 367, is humbly presented this 9th Day of February 1759, by me.

y. West.


a

Cr*

\o

'tJMHuqsj 0(,


32 Geo. II. . 90

421

Ordered, That the said Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bamfley, Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-holders, residing in the Town of Ram (ley, in the County of York, and others, living near, and travelling on, the Road leading from Barnsley, aforesaid, to Huddersfield, and Halifax, in the said County, whose-Namesare thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Marfden said. That the Road described in the Petition is ruinous and narrow, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the amending the said Road will be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also lhe Road from the Guide PoJl\in Barugh, to a Rivulet, called Barugh Brook, in the said County: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. I Jewett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Knaref- Mr. Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom 'borough, (he Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land Owners, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Knaresborough, in the West Riding of the County of York, and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land Owners, Miners, and Inhabitants, residing in and about G raying ton: and other Parts of the said West Riding,whole Names are thereunto subscrib-fei; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to^hc House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Collins, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Knaresborough to Graffingtcn, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in feme Parts thereof so very narrow, that Carriages and Puftcngers cannot pals along the same without great Difficulty and Danger: That if the said Road was repaired it would be of great Advantage to the Trade and Commerce carried, on in that Country, and open a Communication from Grajfmgton, and other Places in that Neighbourhood, to the City of York; but that the said Road cannot beeffcetually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the High Road leading from Knaresborough to Graffington, in the County of York: And that Mr. Thornton and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Air and Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the

Calder Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Inha-

Navigation bitants, and of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Parochial Buildings, and Lands,within the Townlhipof Wakefield, ates' in the County of York, is referred.

Ideford, Sir Richard Lloyd reported from the Committee, to ice. whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and prin-U°ad. cipal Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon, the principal Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the Towns of Newton Btjfiel, and Nexoton Abbot, and other the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing near, or travelling on, the Highways or Roads thereinafter mentioned, in the said County o{Devon, wad referred* That Vol. 28.

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

.In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Robert Huxham, being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Head of the hollow Way, on the Western Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, \fhere the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, through the several Parishes described in the Petition, to Biddiford, is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers; and that the said Road cannot be repaired by the ordinary Court’ appointed by the Laws in being.

Mr. Neale confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the hollow Way on the Welt Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, wherp the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, to a Place called Biddiford, in the County of Devon: And that Sir Richard Lloyd and Sir George Yonge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Meftagefrom the Lords, by Mr. Bemiet and Mr.

Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Army t for punishing Mutiny and Deferrion, and for the better Mutiny-Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without Dcforiotu any Amendment.

And then the Messengrrs withdrew.

Mr. Berkeley presented to the House, according to Crickley Hill Order, a Bill for enlarging and altering several Powers, Read, granted by an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled an Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Glouccfier, to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of North-leach, Burfoxd and Witney, and the Parishes of Han-borough and Bladon, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kid-lingion, in the County of Oxford and also the Road from Witney, through EnJJiam, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Amcotts reported from the Committee, to whom Lincolnftnr® the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Roads. Execution an Act, made in the 12th Yrear of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North-weft Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Net I lam Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or Norfh-east Part of the said County; of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freehold-ers, and other Persons, Inhabitants of the said County; was referred; That the’Committee had examined tbie Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the HoUfe; and he read the Report in Ins Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as folffiweth; viz. \: ,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Part of the said Act was read; whereby it* appeared, that several Tolls and Powers were granted for repairing the said Roads, which were to commence from the 24th Day.ofjwtfe 1739; and to continue for the Term of Twenty-one Years: And, ‘

A Member present informed your Committee, That upwards of poo had been raised by voluntary Contributions; which, together with the Tolis colie&^d on^ , # r,

the said Road, have been applied to the Repair thereof; ,

but that the said Roadsare, in many Parts, in very bad Repair.

William Yorke, being examined, said, That the Roads leading from the Well i 11 Eastgate, in the City of Lincoln, througrrLhtdoln'Field, and from the North-weft End of Horn Castle, through the several Places mentioned* in the 5 P ^Petition,

422

9° — 12° Februarii. 17 59.

Petition, into the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places extremely narrow and incommodious; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

On/ered, ThatLeavebegivpn to bring in a Bill to continue, amend, and make effectual, an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North-weft Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Net!lam Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or North-east Part of the said County; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from the Well in Eajtgate, in the City of Lincoln, and from the North-weft End of Horn Castle, and from the Guide Pojt, at the East End of Hainton, through Barkzvith, to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Adh And that Mr. Amcotts, Mr.

Vi flier, Sir Edmund1(ham. Sir John IIhide Cotton, Sir John Cujl, and Mr. Vyner junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Straubenzre’s An higrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturahzingPfoY/p/ws Willem Casimir VanStraubenx.ee Esquire, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mansfield, A Bill for repairing and widening the High Road, &c. leading from the Town of Mans field, in the County of

Road. Nottingham, through the Towns of Peajlty) Glapxoell,

Heath, and Normenton, and the Liberty of Ilajland, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyfer,t Mr. Moore, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Shelley, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Proicfe, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Harris, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Poole, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Fane, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Loivndes, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bankes, Lord North, Mr. Fellozces, Sir Geo. Yonge, Mr. Fuller, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Bond, Mr. Cooke, Mr Ridley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, I an-caster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Importation Mr. Rigby, according to Order, reported from the ° from°W Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred It eland, to confuler of the Duties now payable on the Importation

of Tallow from Ireland,t\\e Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable on the Importation of Tal-low from Ireland, do cease and determine for a limited Time.

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to Wy the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Rigby, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Jarrit Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Parting, Ordered, That Mr. Fox be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a Place, called the Old Gallows, in the Parish of Staining, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, Nezo Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey.

Mr. Stanley, from the Commissioners for executing the Ollice of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Au Account of the Prices that have been paid for Account of Beef’ of the Produce of this Kingdom, for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, lince the ift January 1758. 1 *,v*

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preservcdamongsttheotherPapers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Daj' being read;

ReJ'olvcdfYh&t this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- b ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole an(j House, to consider further of Wa vs and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 12° die Februarii;

Anno 320 Georgii IIlli Regis, 1759.

Praters.

SIR George Savile reported from the Committee, to WakrfitM whom the Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, to Manufacturers, Traders, and Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Coal Mines, ami other Mines and Quarries in the several Parities and Townships of Wakefield, Horbury, Netherton, Overton, Lepton, Almondbury, Huddersfield, ’ Marjden, and Saddleworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Mai ter of the said Petition, and hr.ddirefted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegat ions of the said Petition,

Mr. John Mann and Mr. William Fenton, being severally examined, said, That the Road from Wakefield to Aujterlands, which is near 29 Miles in Length, and leads through a very populous and trading Country, which by reason of the many heavy Carriages and Pack-horses passing on the same is become very ruinous and dangerous, and is in many Parts very narrow and incommodious; that if the same was efte&ually repaired and widened it would be a great Advantage to the Country; but that the same cannot be done by the Law's in being.

Mr. William Maud, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence, with regard to the Road from Wakefield to Huddersfield.

Ordered, That. Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re* pairing and widening the Road from Wakefield, through the Townships of Horbunj, Netherton, Overton, Lepton, Almondbury, Huddersfield, Marfden, and Saddleworth, to Aujterlands, in the West Riding of the County of York:

And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Heivetl, Mr. Hammond, and Mr. Wilkinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. George Onfow reported from the Committee, to GiAM whom the Petition of the Mayor, and approved Men, Streets* and others, Inhabitants within the Town of Guildford, in the County of Surrey, w hose Hands are thereto set, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared, to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Henry Hill Esquire, being examined, said, That Fires,

Robberies, and Disorders, have frequently happened in the said Town in the Night-time; which might have been pre-

.,f/vented,

L.OOQI

V

Marine

Forces.

Derby,

&c.

Road.

General Turnj ke

Aa*.

31 Geo. II. 120 Febru423

vented, if the said Town had been properly watched and lighted: That if Provision was,made for establishing and regulatinga Watch in the Night-time, and for enlightening the Streets and open Places within the said Town, it would greatly tend to the Preservation of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants thereof; but by the Laws in being the re is no effectual Provision for affecting the said lalutary Purposes.

The Reverend Mr. IJ?m/tf//,beingexamined,confirrned the above Evidence; and added, That the Streets towards the Western Part of jthe said Town are ill paved, and Hand on a deep Descent; and for want of being properly lighted, are very dangerous in the Night-time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establi tiling, regulating, and maintainingaNightlyWatch and for enlightening the open Places and Streets, within the Town of Guildford, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr. George Onslow, Sir John Eiwill, and Lieutenant General Onjloio, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. El'io! p re fen ted to the House,according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the Fir 11 time.

Jiefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Frederick Cavendish reportedfrom the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the Town of Derby, and Newcastle, and in several other Towns and Places in the several Counties of Derby and Sfafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s "Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

William Filzherbert Esquire, laid, That the Road from Derby to Utoxeter, and also the Road from Utox-eter to Newcastle, are very ruinous, and in many Parts very narrow; and the said Roads cannot be properly repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Oi'dercdy That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby in the County of Derby, to the Town of Utoxeter, and from thence to the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford: And that the Lord FrederickCa-vendijk and Air. Sandys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury of the County of Flint, assembled at the Allizes at Flint, on Monday the 21st Day of August lait, was presented to the House, and read; reciting, That by an Act, passed in the 30th Year of his present Majesty, to render more effectual the several Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, One HalfVnore than the respective Tolls payable by any Act or Acts for repairing . Turnpike Roads, are to be paid for every Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gage than Nine Inches from Side to Side, at lead, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, or for the Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing the fame. Tolls or Duties which were or should be payable for the same respectively, by any Act or A6is of Parliament made or to be made, for repairing Turnpike Roads, are to be paid before the same shall pass any Turnpike Bar or Gate; and representing to the House, That the Trade and Manufacture of that 1 Country chiefly consists in its Mines and Minerals, and in the Carriage thereof; and alleging, That by reason of the Ascents and Unlevelness of the Roads, together with the Straitness of the Passages through Rocks ^nd Hollow-ways leading from the Turnpike Roads to Places where Carriages to the Mines are required, the Use of Nine Inch Wheels is rendered impracticable j and that Voi. 28.

the being subje61; to such large additional Tolls is a very great Burthen to the Commerce and Trade of the said County; and that the Weights on Carriages used in that Country are npt so excessive, and consequently not so prejudicial to the Turnpike Roads as in England y and that if Wheels with Fellies of Six Inches was admitted upon the same Terms as those of Nine Inches by Law are now admitted, it would in that Country effectually answer all the Purposes intended by the said A6i, and would he in all other Reflects of greater Utility: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief, as to them shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Farmers, and other Inhabitants dwelling and residing near certain Turnpike Roads, in that Part of Great Britain called North Wales, was also presented to the House, and read; representing to the l louse, That the Petitioners are willing and desirous to conform to the Law as far as they are able; but alleging, that in the present Situation and Circumstances of the Bye Roads in that Country, the using Nine Inch Wheels is in many Cafes utterly impracticable; and that the Weights commonly drawn on Carriages in that Part of the Kingdom, as the Petitioners conceive, are oftener under than exceed Twenty hundred Weight; and that Wheels of Six Inch Fellies would as efle&uali v preserve the Roads, as those of Nine Inches with additional Weight proportionable, and would in every other RespeCl be of much greater Utility and Conve-nienev: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief as shall seem meet.

Bejblved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the Act passed in the 30th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectiuil the several Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and also to consider of the Execution of the said Act

Ordered, That the said Petitions he referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Cooke Esquire, with Stiff anna Cooper his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, livingnear and usually travelling the Road from the Town of Beading, and other Parts of the County of Berks, and from Ba-singstoke, and other Places adjacent, in the County of Southampton, through the several Parishes of Popham, East Stratton, Mitcheldever, King's Worthy, and lleadbourn Worthy, to the City of Wihchester, in the said County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the House,that Application has been made for Leave to bring in a Bill, for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of Winchester,throughPitt wad Hurjley,to Chandler's Ford; and from liurjley aforesaid,through Anffield to the Turnpike Road at Bomfey, in the said County: and also from the Turnpike Road at Bomfey, through Ower, to the Market House at Bingwood, in the said County; and from the said Market House to Winhome and Longhorn Bridge, in the County of Dorset; and setting forth, That the Road leading from a certain Gate, called Ox dawn Gate, near a public House, called the Flozver Dots, in Popham Lane, in the County of Southampton, through the several Parishes of Popham, East Stratton, Mitcheldever, King's Worthy, and Headbourn Worthy, to the City of Winchester, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many

Places,

General

Turnpike

Acts.

Cooke*

Divorce,

Winchester.

&c.

Road.

u.

424 120 Feb A. 1759.

Places, and dangerous to Passengers, and cannot beeffec- appoint any other Persons to make the said River navi-tually repaired and widened by the present Methods pre- gable; with the same Powers as the said Undertakers scribed by Law: And therefore praying, That Provision had by the said Act; and immediately after fuel) Ap-may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening pointment, all the Powers and Authorities given to the the said Road from the City of Whichever to Oxdoion Undertakers, named in the said Act, their Heirs, Gate; or thatthe Petitioners may have such other Relief Assigns, and Nominees, should cease and determine, as to the House shall seem meet. Mr. William Lane, one of the said Commissioners, be-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- ing examined, said, That nothing has yet been done to-sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of wards making the said Navigation, from an Apprehend the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, and In- bon that the Method of making Rivers navigable by habitants of the Counties of Southampton and Dovjef, Locks would be detrimental to the Mills, there being whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And 14 within the proposed Navigation, 1110ft Part of which that, they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and are employed in the Woollen Manufacture. . 1

report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House. That il the said River could be made navigable, it

would be very advantageous to the Country, as Coals, Neithorp Mr. Townshend presented to the House, according to and many other Need Varies of Life, could be carried Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing One open and thereon, as well as Materials for the Manufactures.

common Field, called Neithorp Field, and several Parcels He then produced to your Committee, a Book, con-of Land, called Balls Cloje, the Hook's Common, Balkes taming the Proceedings of the said Comm 1 limners, Leys, White Pofi, Cow Layer, Paddock, Great March wherein an Entry, iigned and sealed by 17 of the said Causeways and Ley, within the Township and Liberties Commissioners, was read, and is as follows, of Neithorp and Wickham, and i n the Parish of Banbury, 4 th A ugujt 1758.

in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; At a General Meeting held at the George Inn in Stroud and read the First time. aforesaid, in pur fu a nee of the lad Adjournment.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. We, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, beingCom-

missioners nominated in, and by virtue of, the Act of Wilbraham's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Parliament made and passed in the Third Year of the Name. for continuing,establishing, and confirming the Surname Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second,

and Arms of Bootle, unto Richard Wilbraham Bootle intituled, An Act for making navigable the River Stroud- Esquire, formerly called Richard Wilbraham, and Maiy water, in the County of Gloucester, from the Riv^r Wilbraham Bootle, his Wife, and their IlVue, pursuant to Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the the Will of Sir Thomas Bootle Knight, deceased, was Town of Stroud, in the same County, do, in order to read the Third time. qualify ourselves to act as Commissioners, according to

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. the Directions of the said Act, for ourselves severallyand

Ordered, That Mr. Willy do carry the Bill to the respectively swear, That each and every of us have and Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed hath an Estate in Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the fame, without any Amendment. of the clearly yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or a real and

' personal Estate together of die Value of Two thousand

Cooked An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pounds at the leali.

Divorce. dissolve the Marriageof John Cooke Esquire, with Su- At this Meeting,die following Proposals were offered

fannah Cooper, hisnow Wife, and to enable him to marry by Mr. JohnKemmett, Arthur Wynde, James Pynock, and again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was Thomas Bridge, for making the said River navigable, and read the First time. agreed to by us whose Hands and Seals are hereunto

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. subscribed and let: That the said JohnKemmett, Arthur

Wynde, James Pynock, and Thomas Bridge, on beingdnly

Stroudwater Mr. Nicholson Calvert reported from the Committee, nominated and appointed Undertakers, by Thirteen or

Navigation, to whom the Petition of the principal afting Commission- moreof the Conmiissioners named in, and by virtue of, the

ers, nominated in and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, said Act, and upon having all the Powers, Authorities, made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his Rights, Privileges, and Interests, given and granted by present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An the said Act, the several Persons whose Names are par-Act for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the ticularly named as Undertakers, to make the said River County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near navigable, assigned and duly conveyed to, or otherwise Framiload to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in vested in, the said John Kemmett, Arthur Wynde, James the same County, on Behalf of themselves, and all other Pynock, and Thomas Bridge, by such Conveyances as the Commissioners, nominated in and by virtue of the shall beapprovedofbyCounfel, shall and will, attheirown same Act; and also the Petition of Thomas Bridge; were proper Colts and Charges, on or before Lady Day referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter agree to make the said River navigable, from the River ' of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the

the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester aforesaid; Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; or to answer in an effectual Manner all the Purposes of and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Navigation, according to the true Intent and Meaning delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same of the said Act, the said Undertakers reserving to them-was read; and is as followeth; viz. selves all Profits and Privileges given and granted to the

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, said former Undertakers by the said Act; and the said

An Act of Parliament, passed in the Third Year of the Undertakers to be subject and liable to al 1 such Penalties, Reign of his present Majesty, was read; whereby certain Damages, and Costs, as are directed by the said Act. Persons were appointed Undertakers, and impowered. That in case the said Undertakers shall not complete at their own proper Costs and Charges, to make the andfmifhthesaid Navigation, in Manner aforesaid,with-River Stroudivater navigable, from the River Severn, to in the Time herein before limited for that Purpose, then Walbridge, near the Town of Stroud; and to maintain and in such same the said Undertakers do agree to atfiign, the said Navigation in such Manner as they should release, and convey, unto the said Commissioners, of to think fit; and it was thereby Enacted, any Person or Persons they shall direct or appoint, the

That if the said Undertakers should not begin the said said River Stroudwater, and all Lands, Machines, pur-Undertaking on or before the 24th Day of June 1732, chafed, erected, or made by them for the Purposes of and finish the same before the 24th of June 1740, it Navigation, and al! their Right, Title, and Interestthere-should be lawful for the Commissioners, appointed by in,* or to aifv Part thereof, with all Deeds, and other and in pursuance of the said Act, or any 13 of them, to Writings relative to the fame, for the Benefit of any *5 future

32 Geo. II. 12® — 130 425

future Undertakers; and in Default or Refusal of such Re-conveyance to the Commissioners, or such Person or Persons nominated by them as aforesaid, the said Undertakers do, for themselves, their Heirs, Assigns, and Nominees, agree to forfeit all their Right, Title, and Interest, in and to the said Navigation, and all Lands purchased by them, and all Machines erected for carrying on the said Navigation, and agree the same shall be leized by the said Commissioners, for the Use of any future Undertakers, to be appointed by them as aforesaid.

That at any Time after the said-River Sfroudzcater shall be made navigable, in manner aforesaid, the said Undertakers, upon Payment to them of the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, by the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons by them legally appointed for that Purpose, do agree to re-assign and re-convey all their Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, in and to the said River, and all the Powers and Privileges veiled in them by the said Commissioners; and also lurrender and deliver up all the Machines erected for carrying on such Navigation, with all Deeds relating to such Lands so purchased.

And that the said Undertakers shall and will at any Time, within the Space of Ten Years, from and after the said River shall be made navigable, in manner aforesaid, in case any Improvement on the Machines erected for the Purpojfes of Navigation, for which the said Undertakers, or One of them, have already obtained a Patent, shall be found out, or put in practice by them, on any other River or Rivers the said Undertakers shall make navigable, then and in such same the said Under-takers, their Heirs, Assigns, or Nominees, shall and will, at their own Costs and Charges, make the same Improvements on the Machines erected on the River Stroud-water, in as effectual a Manner as Machines on other navigable Rivers shall have been erected and finished by them.

And the said Undertakers do likewise agree to work the Machines, which shall be erected for the Purposes of Navigation, without any Waste of Water whatsoever.

That in case any Law-suit,or other legal Impediment, shall hinder or retard the said Undertakers from completing and fin tilling* the said Navigation, within the Time herein before limited for that Purpose, then and in such same the said Undertakers shall be allowed fomueh Time as such Law-suit, or other legal Impediment, shall take up in being determined or removed: And,

Mr. John Kemmeti being examined, said, That federal able Counsel had been consulted, who were of Opinion, the said Agreement cannot be carried into Execution under the Powers of the fakl Act.

Mr. Thomas Bridge produced to your Committee, Letters Patent, bearing Date the 12th Day of January 1758, for granting him the foie Privilege of uling the above-mentioned Machines for the Space of 14 Years.

And being asked, What Time would be required to remove the Loading from one Boat to another by this Method

He laid, He could remove 20 Tons in 20 Minutes; and that Boats on the River Avon are generally Three Quarters of an I lour, or at leal! Forty Minutes in pairing a Lock.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is reasonable and fit. that the Agreement made by the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution, with John Kemmett, Arthur lYynde, James Pinnock, and Thomas Bridge, should be carried into Execution.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to amend and explain an Act made in the Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making navigable the River St? on diva ter, in the County of Ghucejier, from the River Severn, at or near Framiioad, to JYallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in tfte same County'.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Vol. 28.

Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and explain an Act, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making navigable the River Stroudwafer, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at 6r near Framiioad, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County: And that Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Mr. Medly-cott, the Lord Register of Scotland, and Mr. John Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

.Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and whole House, to consider further of Ways and Meanff Means, railing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned til] Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 130 die Februarii;

Anno 32° Georgii II« Regis, 1759.

P R AYERS.

AB I L L for enlarging and altering several Powers Crickley Hill granted by an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Roads. Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of North leach, Burford\ and Witney, and Parishes of Hariborough and Bladen, to Camps field, in the Parish of Kidling fan, in the County of Oxford j and also the Road from Witney, through Enftiam, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Berkeley,

Lord Geo. Manners, Mr. Fane, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr.

Hanger, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lifer, Mr.

Smith, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Hezcett, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Proiife, N1 r. George On-Jlozv, Mr. More, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Walter Blackett,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gafiny, Mr.

Reynolds, Sir John Glymie, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ojwald,

Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lifer,

Mr. Affleck, Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Hill, Mr. '

Amcotts, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Towvjheiid, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Budgen; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Oxford, Worcester, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ofzvald, from the Commissioners for Trade and j^ova Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Scotia. Order,

Account of Money paid, and Charges incurred, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 17.57.

Mr. Oswald also reported, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, That the Order of the House, made upon Friday last, " That there be laid before this " House, an Account of the Money paid, and Charges " incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlemerit of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the " iftof January 1758, to the 31st of December foWowing," cannot beat present complied with, by reason the proper Officers in the said Colony have not transmitted any Accounts of the Expenditure, or any Vouch-5 Q era

u.

4^6

J 3° Februarii.

ers for the Payment of Money for the Year 1758; but that as soon as the Accounts and V ouchers shall be received, the Account shall be made up, with all possible Dffpatch, and laid before this House.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

A. 1759.

And the said Report was also read.

The Book containing the said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this hellion; and the Abstract thereof is as followeth; viz.

ACCOUNT Of Money paid, and Charges incurred, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1757.

To SuMistence, and other Expences attending the Companies of Rangers -To Hire, Portlage Bills, and other Expences attending the Sloops and armed Vessels in the Public Service ——

To Salaries and Allowances to Civil Officers -

To Pay of Surgeons and Midwife, and Expences attending the Hospital and Orphan House -To Stores, Materials, and other contingent Expences of Government -To Wages of Artificers and Labourers, employed in the Public Works, and Materials purchased by the Surveyor -

To Fees paid on Money received from the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

£ s. d.

1>735 4 9

2,872 18 — T

3-393 6 I

1,089 — 5f

IM54 J7

i9’507 1 t i

315 16 2

40,068 3 6

Granted by Parliament, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1757 -

Exceed mgs -----.....-

28,789 fy 1 11,278 18 5

40,068 3 6

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, lobe perused by the Members of the House.

Great Glen Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and Iiiclosure. common Fields in Great Glen, in the County of Leicester, called the Nether or South End Fields, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Lord Geo. Manners, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Hewett, Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. Thornton, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Smith, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Reynolds, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Kynaston, NLr. Charlton, Mr. Barrozc, Mr. Chohnley, Mr. Bertie, S\r Thomas Palmer, MrJw-cotts. Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. More, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Walter, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Hume, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Thorcton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fellozces, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Foley, Mr. Fane: and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Lincoln, Derby, and Nottingham; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ft! Walter Blackett reported from the Committee, to

upon Tyne u ^orn Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Streets. the rest of the Common Council, of the Town of Nezo-castle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of NrwcaJ'tlc upon Tyne, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Ralph William Grey Esquire, and John Cuthbert Esquire, being severally examined, said, That the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne is very large and populous; and that many Strangers resort to it:

That if a regular Watch were kept in the said Town, and the Streets sufficiently enlightened, it would be a Means to prevent Robberies, Burglaries, and other Misdemeanours, and greatly tend to the Preservation of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants:

And that it would be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants, if the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, common Porters, and W atermen, within the said Town,were under proper Regulations:

But that the said several Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament.

And several Members present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing, regulating, and maintaining, a Nightly Watch J and for enlightening the Streets and open Places within the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne; and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, common Porters, and Watermen, within the said Town and Liberties thereof: And that Sir Walter Blackett and Mr. fiidley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Courtenay reported from the Committee, Southmolton to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Roads, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Southmolton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and haddirefted him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Thomas Peake, Edward Elftone, Isaac Hopkinfon, and Arthur Short, were severally examined, by whoft Evidence it appeared, That the several Roads described in the Petition, leading from the Town of Southmolton, in the County of Devon, are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow, hilly, and incommodious for Travellers, and cannot be properly repaired, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and renderingfafe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of Southmolton, in the County of Devon: And that Sir William Courtenay and Mr. Butler do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Morgan reported from the Committee, to Stretford* whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Briii&e KoaJ‘ holders, whole Names are thereunto lubfenbed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the TIoule; and he read the

Report

'32 Geo. II. 13d Februarii.

427

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is a9 followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Richard Clive Esquire, being examined, said, That the Road between Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, and a Place, called the New Inn, in the Pari Hi of IVinftantoxv, in the County of Salop, is in very bad Repair, and dangerous and incommodious for Travellers, and in many Parts very narrow.

Then Part of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leo m infer, in the County of Hereford, was read; and it appeared to your Committee, That the Road from Mortimer's Cross, to Aymejlrey Bridge, was by the said Act directed to be repaired.

And a Member present informed your Committee, That the Road from Blue Mantle Hall, near Mortimer's Crof\m9 to Aymeftrey, is now in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Parts very narrow.

The House was moved, That an Act. made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Roads leading from Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the New Inn, In the Parish of Winft (inflow, in the County of Salop; and also the Road from Blue Mantle Hall near Mortimer's Cross', to Aymeflry, in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymeflry Bridge: And that Sir John Morgan, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lifer, and Mr. Cornewall, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lee OrderedThat all the Members who serve for the Navigation. County of Middlesex, and Colonel John Bofcawen, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by, or in pursuance of, an Act, made in the 12th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware to the New Cut or River, made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of London-, and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River, the better to supply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, with good and wholesome Water; and of several Persons interested or concerned in the Navigation of Vessels upon the said River Lee, is referred.

Lincolnshire Mr. ^mcoffs presented to the House, according to Roads. Order, a Bill to continue, amend, and make effectual, an Act, pasted in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North Weil Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nett!am Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or North East Part of the said County; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from the JVeil in Eajigafe, in the City of Lincoln, and from the , North West End of Horn Caftic, and from the Guide Pojt, at the East End of llainlon, through Barkwith, to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act: And the same was received; and read the FirltTime. Rejblvecl, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed. That Mr. Rowe, from Scotch the Treasury, attended at the Door;

Eftacs He was ln> and, at the Rar> presented to the

House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Vol. 23.

A Paper, intituled,<c Copy of a Report of the Corii-<r missioners and Trustees for managing the annexed " forfeited Estates in Scotland, to the Lords Com mi f-u sioners of his Majesty’s Treasury;,which by an Act of £c the 25 th Year of his Majesty’s Reigr., is directed to be " laid before both Houses of Parliament.’*

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved among!! the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads front Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to New Haven; and from the Four Lane Ends near Oakerthorpe to Afliborne-, and from the Cross Pojt on Wirksworth Moor, to join the Koad leading from Chef erf eld to Chappel-en-lc-Frith, at or near Longston, in the County of Derby; and from Self Ion to Annefiey Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham; was read a Second time.

Refulved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ilewett, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Medlycott, §\vGeo Savile, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Amcotls, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Symons, Lord Geo. Manners, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bond, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Budgen, Mr. LafcelLcs, Mr. Townshend, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Fuller, General Onslow, Mr. Barrow, Lord Cary fort, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Bayntu/i, Sir IValter Blackett, Mr. Luttrell, Sir (ViIliam Peere Williams; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, Lincoln, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Prisoners in the Poultry Compter, in Behalf of themselves and many Thoulands in the same unfortunate Situation, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to enable John Coant Gentleman, and his Ilfue, to take and use the Surname and Anns of Wakelin, was read a Second time.

Refulved, That the Bill He committed to Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fane, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Alexander, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Ellis Cunlife, Mr. Foley, Sir Geo. SavileT Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Thornton, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Townshend. Sir John Morgan, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More, Mr. Vanfiltart, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Ryder, Sir William Peeoe Williams; Mr. Smith, Mi*. Wilkes, Mr. Bond, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Cust, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Hewett, Lord Geo. Manners, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Thistlethwayfe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Hertford, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open arable Fields and Downs, in the Manor of B/shop's Waltham, in the County of Southampton; was read a Second time.

Refulved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thistlethwayte, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Thorofon, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Thornton, Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Fdey, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bond, Sir John Cust, Mr Pitt, Lord North, Mr. Hume, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Moore, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Barrow, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Yorkc; Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tyner, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Sir John Crosse, Lord Dig by; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Surrey, and Berks; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in >the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered.f

Chappd

Bar

Roads*

Debtor*/

Coant*a

Name.

Bi (hop's Waltham Inclosure.

428 0 13° — 14* Februarii. 1759*

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

for^Nav* Account of the Prices of the several Sorts of Salts used in the Victualling of his Majesty’s Navy, according to the present Contracts.

Grain, &c. The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from imported, the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door:

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Grain and Meal imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Michaelmas 1757 to Michaelmas 1758, distinguisfi-ing the several Species, the Places from whence brought, and the Ports at which imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That, the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

General A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Occupiers

States, and other Inhabitants of the several Towns, Pai iflies, and other Places, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, several Hardships which the Petitioners allege they labour under, andaresubject to, by an Act, of the last Sessions, to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, it being, as the Petitioners allege, impossible to draw Waggons or other Carriages with narrow Wheels, with only Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, to carry off the Produce of their Lands: And therefore praying the House to take their Cause into Consideration, and grant them such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider the Act passed in the 30th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and also to consider of the Execution of the said Act.

The Order of the Day being read;

Manning Rcfelved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

the Navy, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, upon the Bill for the more effectually Manning of his Majesty’sNavy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships or Vell’els in the Merchants Service.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

and also taking Notice of an Act, passed in the said 30th. Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for rendering more affeftual the several Laws then in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and alleg:ng, That the Village of Bathwicke lies within about Half a Mile of the said City of Bath, and the only Way for Horses and Carriages from the said Village to the said City, is through a Lane called Bathzvicke Lane, which joins the said Turnpike Road; and that the said Lane is for the greatest Part of the Year so ruinous and founderous, and in many Places so narrow, that the Petitioners cannot pass the same with broad Wheels, and it is very difficult topafseven with narrow Wheels; and that tlieTurnpike Hands near the End of the said Lane, between that and the said City; and flora the Baduefs of the said Lane, the Petitioners are under a Necessity of using narrow Wheels, whereby they are not only obliged to pay the additional Toll of One Half more than the usual Toll, but are also deprived of the Benefit of the several Exemptions from Toll, granted by the said first above-mentioned Act, though they make life of the said Turnpike Road for the Space of Two Furlongs only; and that the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition hath been presented for. Leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers of the said first above-mentioned Act, and for taking in other Roads: And in regard the said Lane cannot be amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing, -Widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Lane, called Bathwicke Lane\ or otherwise, that the Petitioners may be permitted to pass the said Turnpike With narrow Wheels, without paying the additional Toll; and may also have the Benefit of the several Exemptions, granted' by the said first-mentioned Act, of the 30th of his present Majesty^ or such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tb$ Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is' referred to Lord Pulfcncij, Mr. Proztfe, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Smithy Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Ofzvald, Mr. More, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bull, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Vane, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Harris, Mr. Vyner junior, Mr. Moore, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Cartier ight, Mr. Thornton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Willey, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bacon, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Atdzvorfh, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Medlycolt, Mr. Amcolts, Mr. A1 agent, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Lewis, Mr. 7/ume, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Tozvnjhcnd, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Harvey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of SomerJ'et, Gloucester, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mercurii, 140 d Februarii \

Anno 320 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

Bathwicke a PETITION of the Inhabitants of the Parish of anc* ./ V Batfuvicke, near the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the reli of t lie Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of an Act, passed in the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdown Hill, and the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways therein mentioned, leading to the said City; and also for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned;

18

Mr. Vyner presented to the Floufe, according to Fillingham Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several common inclosore. Fields and Grounds, within the Manor of Fillingham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second true.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Matters of Sunfa-foud Ships, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, in and near P°n-the Town of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was preiftited to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition haih been presented for a Bill for making and completing the Na\ igation of the River Wear, from and including Biddickford, to the City of Durham; and also a Petition of thcCominilfiouers for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for

3$3 Geo. II. 140 — 150 Februarii. 429

South

Mailing

Road.

Milford

Harbour.

for the'‘better Preforvation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port ami Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, and also of the Coal Owners and Coal Fitters, interested in the Navigation of the said River; for a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and for making the said Act more effectual; and alleging, That the said Commissioners have expended divers considerable Sums of Money in deepening the Channel of the said Port and Haven, and lengthening the Pier there, and have by other necessary Works, greatly improved the said Port, Haven, and River; and that in order to render the said Port and Haven safe and commodious for Ships of any considerable Burthen now nfed in the Coal Trade, and the Mouth of the said River effectually navigable, the Petitioners apprehend it is necessary, that the Channel should be further deepened, the present Pier further lengthened, and a new Pier or Piers built; and that divers other Works should be made at or near the Mouth of the said River: And therefore praying, That the Bill, by the Petition of the said Commissioners, Coal Owners, and Coal Fitters, prayed to be brought in, may pass into a Law, in such Manner, as the House shall trunk proper.

OrderedThat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament made and passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themfeRes and the several other Commissioners named and appointed by and in pursuance of the said Act; and also of the Coal Owners and Coal Fitters interested in the Navigation of the said River, whole Names are thereunto fub(bribed; is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

rest ions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of what has been done since thp 23d Day of January 1758, towards securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and towards providing a temporary Defence for the Ships lying in the said Harbour, in pursuance of any Directions given by his Majesty, in Con- 1

sequence of the Address of this House, to his Majesty, in the Year 1757-

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majftiy by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to New Haven; and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oakcrtfiorpe, to Ashborne; and from the Cross Pofi of Worksworth Moor, to join the Road leading from Chejlcrfidd to Chapjxl-en-le-Frith, at or near Longs ton, in the Courity of Derby; and from Selfton to Annefey Wood-house, in the County of Nottingham; is committed.

Chappel

Bar

Roads*

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolvedf£hkii\ns House will, upon Monday Morning Supply* next, refolveitfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Wa78 ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole aw* Means* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 15* die Februarii;

Anno 320 Georgii IP* Regis, 1759.

Mr. Probi/n reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Suffer, and of the several Personstravelling the fioad from London to the Town 9f Luces, and from thence to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfrifron, in the said County, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is*as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, William Michell Esquire, being examined, said. That the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish o f Soul Inn all ing, near the Town of Lewes, through Soul her am, by Ramfcomb, to Glyrtd Bridge, and from thence throughFirleStreet under the Hill, toLongbridge, in the Parish of Atfrijhn, in the said County of Suffer, is ih so ruinous a Condition, that Carriages cannot pass thereon in the W7inter Seafou, without great Danger, and very difficult for Persons on Horseback at all Times; that if the said Road was repaired, it would be of great Convenience to the adjacent Country, and of public Utility; but that the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Mr. George Lezves con ft rmed the aforegoing Evidence. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of Sou thin ailing, near the Town of Lnces, to Glyml Bridge, and from thence through Firle Street, under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfriston, in the County of Suffer; And that Mr Probyn, Mr. Ridley, and the Lord Gage, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleafedio give Di-Vol. 28.

JPr AYERS.

SIR Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, ac- Willoughby cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Inclosure. the common Fields^commonPaftures, common Meadows, and coramon Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Willoughby, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That the Church-wardens St.Margarefa of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster, attended Church, at the Door; Westminster,

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to thfc House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, Ihewing how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament for repairing the Parish Church of Saint Margaret, Westminster, has been expended.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Accountdo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom yreft0ll the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open, arable, mea- inclolurc. dow, pasture, andwafte Grounds, iA the Parish of Prefton upon Slower, in the County of Gloucester, was committed, That the Comilaitteie had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, , and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hici to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Billy With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments. were once 5 R read

1

Answer to

Address for Account.

General

Turnpike

Acts.

Militia

Estimate.

430 .15° Febrmrii.1759.

read throughout; and then a Second time, oBe by one; Mr. Smith, Mr. Gore, Mr. Haldane, Mi*, llezoett, Mr. and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were Thornton9 Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bond, Mr. agreed to by the House. Medlycolt, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Fellowes: And they are

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the ingrossed. Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend lor Persons,

Papers, and Records. f The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That '

their Address of Yesterday, that his Majesty would be A Petition of federal of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Wetherby graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account holders. Land Owners, and Inhabitants, of and residing to therein mentioned might be laid-before this House, had ' in and about the Towns of Wetherby, Spofford, and been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty Knaresborough, in the West Riding of the County of had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was prewill give Directions accordingly. fented to the House and read; taking Notice, That a

Petition hath been presented to the House, for a Bill for A Petition of the Farmers, Cow-keepers, and.other repairing, widening, and amending, the High Road , Occupiers of Land, in the County of Middlesex, whose leading from Knaresborough aforesaid, to Gracing ton, in Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves the said Riding, through Ripley, Scaroe, Palely Bridge, and the ceft of the Farmers, Cowkeepers, and Occupiers GreenltowHill, and Hebden, and alleging, That the High of Land, in the said County, was presented to the Road, leading from the Termination of the said Road,

House, and read; reciting Part of ail Act, passed in the at the said Town of Knaresborough, through Spofford to 28th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, relating to Wetherby aforesaid, is in a very ruinonsCondition, and The using of Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels in several Places very incommodious and narrow, and thereof of the Breadth or Gage of Six Inches; and also cannot be repaired by the Methods appointed by the reciting several Parts of an Act, made in the 30th Year Laws in being: And therefore praying, That in case the of his present Majesty’s Reign, relating to the using of House shall give Leave to bring in'a Bill, accor ding to Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Prayer of the said Petition, Provision may be made the Breadth or gage of Nine Inches, by which Act, so in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said last-mnch of the said AC^ of the 28th Year of his present mentioned Road.

Majesty, as relates to the Manner of paying the Tofts Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the upon Carriages with Wheelsof the Breadth of Six Inches Confederation of a Committee; And that they do exa-is repealed; whereby, the Petitioners allege, they shall mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it . be great Sufferers, and labour under many and great shall appear to them, to the House:

Bifadvantages: And therefore praying. That Leave And it is referred to Mr. Thorntvn, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much Bacon, Mr. O/w/w, Mr. More, Mr. Ly/ter, Mr cKynaJ'ton, of the said Act of the 30th Year of his present Majesty, Sir Geo Savile, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Hewelt% as repeals the said recited Clause in the said Act of the Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hume, Mr. Geo Onjloio, Mr.

28th of his present Majesty; and also so much of the Bayntun, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. said Act, of the 30th Year of his said Majesty, as takes Sfnith, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Crosse, away the Exemption from, or Reduction of If oils gran- Mr. Prozvfe, Mr Lee, Mr. Flutter, Mr. IV illy, Mr.- ted by former Acts with respect to Waggons, Wains, Ridley, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mi’. Butler, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Carts, and other Carriages, loadeh with Dung, Manure, Alexander, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Hobart, Mr. 1 orke, Mr. and other Matters used in Husbandry, so for as the same Pitt, Mr. Lezvis, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Crajter, Mr. Ham-: affects Waggons, Wains, Ciarts, and other Carriages, mo fid, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fane, Mr. Haldane, Mr. using W heels of the Breadth or Gage of Six Inches, or Budgen, Mr. ThijUezqayte, Mr. Brudenell, Mr, Pro by 71; grant them such Relief therein, as to the Wisdom of the and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York,

House shall seem meet. Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Com- and Lane aft er: And they are to meet this Afternoon at mittee of the~\vhole House, to whom it is referred, to Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have consider the Act passed in the 30th Year of his present Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectual several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Prefer- A Petition of the several Bankrupts, whose Names Bankrupt vation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and , haws, this Kingdom; and also to consider of the Execution of others, in their unhappy Situation, was presented to the the said Act. House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners, and

many others, who have been found and declared Bank-;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare rupts, having strictly conformed to the Laws made con- -an Estimate of what may be the Charge of the Militia, cerning Bankrupts, by a Surrender of their ail upon Oath*-, upon the Plan of the Act, passed in the 30th Year of for the Benefit of their Creditors, have, nevertheless,* his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better or- through the Misapprehension of same of their principal; during of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of Creditors, been refused their Certificates, without, any t that Part of Great Britain called England; and also of Probability of Relief, as the Law now ftauds; and that-the Act, passed in the laftSession of Parliament, intituled, by such Refusal, several of the said Bankrupts have been An Act to explain, amend, and enforce, an Act, made necessitated to abscond, whilst others have been tlirowa, in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for into Prison: and thatthefe unhappy Sufferers are under;

the better ordering the Militia Forces in the several the particular Hardffiip of being incapable of Receiving Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England; any Benefit from the Law frequently made for the Re-and to make Report thereof to the House: lief of Insolvent Debtors; and th^t the Power veiled in

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. John Pitt, CreditorSjforrefufingCertificatestothcirBankrupJSjWas,

Mr. Townshend,§\r Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Northey^Mc. as the Petitioners conceive, upon a Prefnmpkian, that Calvert, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vyner junior, Mr. Harbord, such Power would be tenderly and but leldom ^xe roiled.

Sir John Cult, Mr. Popham, Sir John Crosse, Mr, Amcotts, and only in notorious Cafes; but the great Increafein the'

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hume, Mr, Wilkes, Mr. Martin, Mr. Number of Bankrupts within Two Years past, and the Willy, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. fmaft Proportion of those who have been abie(to obtain Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coiebrooke, Mr. Hobart, Mr, their Certificates, make it more than probable, that the Lewis, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Lyjter, Mr. Thistlethwayle, Sir Power has been exerci fed for cruel and unjult Pur poles,

Richard Lloyd, Mr. More,$\rlVilliam Beauchamp Proctor, and contrary to the Meaning and Intention of the Legi- Mr. Molyneu x, Mr. Wcjlfaling, Mr, Alexander, Mr, Lee, flatureAnd, as most of the Petitioners and their Fellcrw-

fuffeners,'

Accounts

respecting

Tobacco.

Chard

Roads*

Debtors.

Ditto.

32 Geo. II.

15° — i90 Februariu

sufferers must inevitably and speedily perish, with their desolate Families, unless timely relieved by the Interposition of Parliament; therefore praying the House, to take the Petitioners very compassionate same into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief therein, as to the House/hall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Hog-flieads of Tobacco, and their Weights, imported into England, from Michaelmas 1733, to Michaelmas 1758; and how much of the said Tobacco has been exported; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Gross Receipts and Payments, and net Produce of the Duties on Tobacco, from Michaelmas 1738, to* Michael mas 1758; distinguish-ing each Year, together with the Appropriations thereof.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the annual Amount of Allowances made to the Merchants trading in Tobacco, from Michaelmas 1738, to Michaelmas 1758; distinguishing each Year, and the Allowances under their respective Heads.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all Monies that have arisen by Fines or Forfeitureson Tobacco, from Michaelmas 1738, to Michaelmas 1758 ;distinguis1iingeach Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all Monies paid on Account of the Duties on Tobacco to his Majesty’s Civil Lilt, from Michaelmas 1738, to Michaelmas 1758;

43*

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Butler reported from the Committee, to whom Perkham’f the Bill to enable Thomas Pe.ckham Esquire, and his Iffiie, Name,

to take and use the Surname of Fowlc, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

distingui thing each Year. Ordered, Tha

Ideford,

Road.

Sfort

Navigation*

That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House* an Account, /hewing the Di (counts granted to the Merchants for prompt Payment on the several Subsidies, additional Duties, and Impost, upon Tobacco, imported from Michaelmas 1738, to Michaelmas 1758; di/linguidling each Year, and what is the net Duty payable on each Pound of Tobacco.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Allowances grant-ted on each Hogsliead of Tobacco at the Scale, from Michaelmas 1738, to Michaelmas 1758; distinguishing each Year.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 190 die;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759. Prayers.

THE Lord North presented to the House, according tp Order, a Bill for repairing and widening t he Roads from the Ealt End of the Town of Chard, to the South End of West Moor, 'and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through Ilmijler, to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Peafemarsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from St. Rain Hill to Ilmijter, and from White Cross to Chillington Dozen, and f; om a Place called Three Oaks over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.


A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison of the King's Bench in Behalf oft hemselves and the Rest of the Prisoners in all his Majesty’s British Dominions: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, ou Behalf of themselves and many Thoc lands;

Were severally presented to the House and read; complaining of their Diitrefs; and praying Relief.

Vol 28.

Ch'dered, That Mr. Trifl be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Hollow Way, on the West Side of Lon\Cliffl>rd's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, to a Place called Biddeford, in the County of Devon.

Mr. Nicholson Calvert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making the River Stort navigable, in the Counties of Hertford and Essex, from the Nezv Bridge in the Town of Bishop Stortford, into the River Lee, at or near a Place, called Rye, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Palmer presented to the House* according Hoton to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and Inelofur*. common Fields of Hoton, in the County of Leiccjltr, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields;

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to continue, amend, and make more effectual, Lincolnfaire an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his pre- Roads, sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North-weft Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields, Wragby-Lane, and Baumbtr Fields, to the Wolds, or North-east Part of the said County; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from the Well in Eastgale, in the City of Lincoln, and from the North-weft End of Horn Castle, and from the Guide Post at the East End of Hainton through Bai'k-with, to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Vyner junior, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Foley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr*

Barry, LordCtf/y.y/b;^, Mr. Bar row, Sir. Van fit tart, Mr. Tozonjhend, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Buller, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Proufe, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. More, Mr. Drake, Mr. Tho-rot on, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Great heed, Mr.

Hanger, Lord North, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord Verney, Mr. Baynlun, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Affleck,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. 7W/?, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Honey wood,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Fane, Mr. Willy, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Willes, Mr. Symons, Mr. Wilbcs, Mr. Bacon, Mr Geo.

Onslow, Mr. Molyneux, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Sandys. Sir John Gordon, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Gafiry, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Chauncy Townjend, Mr. Calthdrpe, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Coventry', Sir Lynch Cotton,

Sir Richard Lloyd; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Norfolk, Nottingham, and York: -And they are to meet this Afternoon at' Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingr6ffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Cooke Esquire, with Susannah Coo/yer his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,

Cookes Di voice.

432 l o° Februarii. A. 1759.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That the House will, upon Wednesday Se-vennightythe 28 th Day of this lull ant February, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Inilruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses:

Bean of . Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to D°c°hj the Reverend the Dean of Lincoln, for the Sermon by for preaching. preached upon Friday Iaft, before this House, at St.

’ Margaret's, Westminster; and that he bedefired to print tfjefame: And that Mr. Edward Finch, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vyner, and Sir Charles Mordaunt, do acquaint him therewith.

Preffon An ipgrofled Bill for dividing and inclosing the open,

Inclosure. arable,meadow, pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Pa-rifli of Preston upon Slower, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open, arable, meadow, pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Preston upon Stower, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Willoughby A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Inclosure. common Pastures, common Meadows, and common Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Willoughby, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynajfton, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Foley, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Symons, Mr. Gajhy, Mr. llewelt, Mr. Drake, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Vyner junior, Mr* Barrow, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Budgen, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Med-lycott, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Barry, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Fellozves, Sir JohnGlynne, Mr. Townshend, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Smith, Lord North, Mr. More, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Honeywood, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Northey, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Prowse, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ojbal-defion, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Vytier, Sir Roger Newdigale, Mr. Coventry, Sir George Savile, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Gybbon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, Northampton, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

FiUinghara A Bill for dividing and inclosing several common Fields

nc oiure. Qrounc[s within the Manor of FiUingham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Probyn, Sir Roger Newdig ate, Mr. More, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lozondes, Mr. Fellowes, Lord North, Mr. Fane, Sir. Willes, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Calvei't, Mr. Northey, Sir Cordel Firebrace, M r. Kyn aft on, M r. Olmius, Mr. TotonJ-end, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. George On-Jlow, Mr. Symons, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Barrow, Sir John CroJJ'c, Mr. Heiuett, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Honeywood, Mr. Coventry, Six. Sandy s, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Willy, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Plumptre, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Medlycolt, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bagot, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Harbord\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Derby: And they *7

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Per fops, whose Names are B«thwicke thereto subscribed, im powered to carry into Execution ^nc. an Act of the 30th Year of his present Majesty, for the repairing certain Roads in and near the City of Bath, and so forth, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers granted by an A#, pafl’ed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdcxcn Hill and the City ofih/M, and for amending several other Highways therein mentioned, leading to the said City; and also for repairingfeveral other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing the Road from the Sixth Mile-stone, in the Parish of Camerton, to the White Post, in the Parish of Midsummer Norton, and from the Cross Pojt, in the Parish of Newton St. Loe, to the Keif) on Road, in the Parish of Weston; and also alleging, that if Provision was made in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Bath to Bradford, on the Top of Munkton-Hill, in the Parish of Munkton Corribe, to the Cross Road leading to Entry Hill; and also the Road leading from the London Road, at. the North End of Walcott Church-Yard, to the LandJ'down Road, it would be a great Advantage to the Petitioners and the Public, by uniting all the Turnpike Roads surrounding the City of Bath: And therefore praying the House, That Provision may be made in the said BtH, for repairing the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of Bathwicke, near the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, w hose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Hezvett presented to the House, according to Redoefc Order, a Bill for establishing and rendering effectual, and certain Articles of Agreement for the inclosing and dividing certain Commons or waste Grounds, called Red-ness and Szvinefieet Pastures, in the County o{York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to w'hom winchcfer the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Free- &c. holders and Inhabitants, of iheCounties o{'Southampton. Rowl-

and Dorset, whole Names are thereunto fnblcribed; anil also the Pet ition of several Gentlemen, and others, living near, and uftially travelling, the Road frOm the Town of Reading, and other Parts of the County of Berks, and from Basingstoke, and other Places adjacent, in the County of Southampton, through the several Parishes oi' Popham,

East Stratton, Mitchetdever, Kingszcorthy, and Head*, bonrneicorthy, to the City of Winqhefter, in the said County of Southampton; were severally referred; That the.' Committeehad examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it ip at the Clerk’s Talkie:

Where the same was read; and is as foRoweth; viz. j To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

John Willys, Esquire, 'Six. Edmund Street, and Mr.

John Withers, being examined* said. That the Roadk* from West gate at the City of Winchcfer, through Pitt audHurjley, toCiiandlersford-, and from HinJlcij, through^.

Anfield, to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, in the County of Southampton; and from thence to the Market House at Ringivood, in the said County, and from thence both

to

33. G£o. It*

'! C)* ftekttyariL'


Hit

Neithrop

Inclosure.

to Winborne and Longham Bridge, in the County of Dor-fit, are become vfery ruinous and dangerousforTravellers, and are in many Parts so ifarrbw, that two Carriages Cannot pass each other; and that the same cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed byi aw.

Mr. John Savage, and Mr. John IVendoter, being examined, said, That the Road leading Jrom Qxdoziin Gate ip Popham Lane, in the County of Southampton y to the City of Winch ester, is become very ruinous and bad, and is in many Places very narrow and incommodious;- and that the fume camiot be effectually repaired and widened by tpe Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bringjn a Bill foif Repairing and widening the Roads from Qxdouty Gate in Popham Lane, to the City of Wifphejier, and from the said City, through Hurjley, Xo, C1tandlc.rsforxl\ and from Rurjley aforesaid, jto the Turnpike Road at Romfiy, &tyl from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringzcood, i n the;: County of Southavipton, to Ijmgham Bridgeand Winbopie Minfier, in the Copnty of Do?fit: And that Mr. Startler) and Mr. Elliot do prepare, and bring in, the lame.;,

A Bill for dividing and inclosingOneopenandcommoii Field, cd\\rdNeit1m/p Field, and several Parcels of Land called Ball's Chfi, the flook's Common, BalkesLeys, White Post, Cozv Layer, Paddock, Great Murjh Caufizoays, ahfl Ley, within the Tbwmhip and Liberties of Afy7//;m&nd Wickham, and in the Parish of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second time.

\ Rejoiced, That the Bili he Committed to Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Berkeley Mr. Gybbon, Mr. holm), Mr. Wilkes, Mr. fym07iS\ S)\r John Crosse, Mr. Trijl, Sir XVIII. Beauchamp ProffikryMr. Morion, Mr. Calvei't, Mr. Thornton, Sir' Francis Rode, Mr. Tocvnjhend, Mi*. Olmius, Mr. Proufi, Sir Cherries Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Mdirger, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Pane, Admiral Tozcnfind, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Pitt, Sir Hager Neicdigate, M’r. Amcolts, #ir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Geo.iSavile, Mir. PS\ybyn,[ CoJonclfyLjr/.'Mf. Mott, Mr. Geo.Onslow, Mr. Finch, Mi\Colebrcoke, IMtl Roheyxcood, Sir William Codringtcm, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Plumpttc, Lora Harry Pozdeti, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Mond, Walpole, Mr. Ifdbart, Lord North, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, cMr. Lozvndes, Mr. Painter, Mo J/7//eiy, Mr. IhnceM, £drd. Middleton, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Clwhulex), nMr. Bacon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Brudendl, Mr. Haldane I and all , theeMembers tvha serve for the COtmties'bX©^ Warwick: And they are tfe tneefc this Afterii^Ctt tttTive

Account of Salts used by the Navy.

Clyde

Navigation.

Glasgozv; that there are many Shoals in the said River, and is in many Parts so very ^hallow, that Bpats< Barges, hnd dther Vetfdls, cannot pafsHo and frbto the said City, Except in Times of Floods; and that if the said River was cleansed, and the Navigation made more commodious, it would be a great Ad vantage To the Trade and Manpfactures of the said City, a-nd Parts adjacent, a$d Utility: ,

And further said, That the Bridge nCGlofgow, fryer the said Ritoer, ,is so narrow, th^ X>yo Carriages cannot each p$her> ^ud is;in £6 weak and nuinoos aCondiiipn* that heavy Carriage^ are not permitted to pass over the fame^from an Ap prehen lion of the>Panger whi$h might

ji

vmv ft*

of >the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

J X)o61or Hats,from the Commissi oners foreseen tingif he Q$iCe of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain^ prefei^efl tortile Idoufe, pursuant to their Order,! . ' </ j

J "An Accoun t of the Prices of the several S^tsTufed if} tlife victualling his Majesty’s Navy, according, tojhej^p-font Contracts, rirni l M n

And the Title of the said Account y _ y

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon tRjevX^hl^ tb be perused by the Members of the House.,.

‘The said Account is preferred amongst, the pthpr ' ’Papers of this Session. , /a \.\\L

Colonel Campbell reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Magistrates arid*Couri6iF6f the City of GltiJ'gmv was referred, ThAt the Corhrtiitt'e^ hud examined the Matter of the said Petition; anfl had directed him to re|K>rt the fame, as it appeared tOI them; to the plonfe; and he read the Report in his Plahey and aft^r-wards delivered it in at tl*e Clerk’s Table': WheiO’thft same was read; and is as followeth; viz.'! :' 1 ’

i tTo prove thel Allegations of the said ‘Plstltioti;’';

)Mr. John Smsaton being eXamtued, said, ThOt^he has fiirveyed tlbe Riyer CIyde, fvotn Dumbuck W tliediridgedt

Vol. 28.

ieiiing the Ri>er, it;bftqfefefeflaiyto rebuild the lame.

Several Members^efent at the Committee confirmed the ahove Evidencq, as tty the Utility of the Navigation, and the;Nfce(lity of rebuilding,thersaid Bridge. 1 . Or\ierpd> That L?ave be given,to bring in a Bill fair implying the Navigation of the River Clyde, tp the City of Glasgozv,^nd, for. building a Bridge cross.thfeofatl 'iiiver, h'om the fuidJSity to the Village_of Gorbclk.: And that Colonel Campbell, Mr. Muir, and Mr. Elliot, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act made ill the 113th- Yfear of the Reign of his’present M^ylly, intituled, An Act ?to Irerttrain and jWevent the exceuive increase of Horse Races; and for amending an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of exeeffifce And decditfkbGaming, might be read-1 -' oil. / < i [ e. /

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered,' Nemi7lcvdhfiwiTtceiifc‘; That Leave b^vfttven to bring inxi Bill to(eKplkin, amend, and render fetffeftaiL so much Of an Aftymaifein the i^th ’Yea^Of iris profem Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to neftraid and prevent fhc exefedive Increase of HoriVRace^; and fok amending an Act made in the last Session of Parliamem?. intituled, An Act for the more feffectjual prfevfetefing-OT exceftive and defceitfol^Earning to 4he In-

crease of Hprfe Racfes^ andfo stir a&the famfe is now in Fo^cO'c AndHliat Mr* Hanger, ^rpfOyndftdn, and Mr. ThoritMt, doipirdpArfeFahd bringdftjYhfe fame^ -

-)* |* »!»..<; f»;/:; «.* I .*» n - \ »% # I. 11 i t 1 - t *.}

Ordered, That Sip/Ly wc/i CottvnfMv\ ThzmasT&tonfitnd, Sir JMeWipmeplbe hdfted to tte^Cofamittee to whorh. the Bill for dividing and inclosing several common Fields and Grdundsj within the Mdnor- i>t^FUUngharh, ih! the Gtu«ty iof Lincoln; is Committed: *1 r* *

.M*.io'ra ;f:ii io: ‘Y ih ?.:t :-i l.' iHi^j ' ' -e

!Ordered, ThatThe’^proper Offiobr.-dolay before this House; an A<?coirmJof‘'the Numbfei^ of Hogslileads of therF‘Weights,! imported 'Mo Scotland, for Fiiive lYemlsr-from the Cc*i^enoem^tit df an^ Act of the 24th Year of his present Majesty’hRfelgtt,-intituled, An Act for therjmpte'ieftfedtual fecu^inghhe^uties^bn Tobacco, and how much of the said Tobacco hath been exported; taWHngaifhtrig^J :' 0 (;

\w>\Vi,*, T:vfV\ 11 ,iii if k*ti» ? -i *

c; Mr John Pitt rhpottteA frdtn: the'Committee* 3Vho wfefe hppoimeji an Estimate ctf What may be the

Charge of the Militia, upon the Plan of the Act* patfleR in the 30th Year of his Majesty’s Reign* intituled, An Aftxfor the better ortlfering'of the MlHtia Forces in the feVerat CoUUtfe 6f that Part of Great Britain called and'alfo1 of the Act pAffed in the last Seffidn of ParliafnentyWtitillfedjAn Act to ex-pfaur, amend, and enforce, an Act, madejn the last Session of Parliament, intituled;YWAft* for* thte/bettfer ordering the 5ilr|itia - iti 'the 'f^eral Chuuti^s1 of that Part of Great Brilaftil lB}?tgtitjid; and tb mAke Report thereof tb fhfe (H6trfe:;that ’the Gomttiiftee: had prepared an Eftihnate accordingly; which they had directed’him to efepdrt'td thfettdftffe; *ahdhe read the Report in fii£ Place; and^aftei^rRh'dfeHvered it in at the Clerk’s Tablfe.

The said Report is as fdlloWfeth:

5S — - ESTIMATE

Laws

respecting Horse Races

Fillingham

Inclosure.

- f

Account of Tobacco.

Militia

Eftijnatc

./ P

43+

19° — -20° Februarii. 1759*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pay and Clothing of1 the Militia for One Year*

beginning 25 March 1759*

Pay to 30,840 private Men, at One Shilling eadh, 22 Days . - - -;

D° to 70 Adjutants, at Six Shillings a Day each - -

D* to 1,542 Serjeants, at One Shilling a Day each - v '

- DMo 1,200 Drummers at Six Pence a Day each -

Additional Pay to 70 Ser jeant Majors, at’Two Shillings and Six Pence a'Week each -

IP to 70 Drum'Majors, at Six Pence a Day each - -

;D* to ‘1,542 Corporals, at Six Pence a Day each, 22 Days -

'Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at 50 Pounds a Year each -

Allowance for Clerks of General arid Siibdivision Meetings, computed at - -

Allowance to each Battalion for contingent Expences,at the Rate of Five Pence aMonth'p^rMan

Clothing for 27,960 private Men, now tmclothedj at One Pound Six Shillings each -

D° for 1,398 Serjeants, now Unclothed, at Two Pounds Ten Shillings each ' -

D°!for 1,098 Drummers, now unclothed, at One Pound Six Shillings each ' - -

Additional Allow^ncefor the morecompleteClothing of2,88o private Men,at Five Shillingseach iPof ioi Drummers, at Fivfe Shillings each - r - -: - -

Addftional>AIlowanceforaSecondCoatai]dHatfori,542Serjeants,atOnePoundOneShiIlingeach

l5

2

"f

33,924 -

7,665-----

28,141 10 ~ IO>95° —: — 455 638 ’ 848

3>500 -

4,000-----.

7>710 — .-s 36,348-----;

.3,495-----

1.427 8 —

720 -- —

25 10 — 1,619 2 —

141,467 7 —

f:r U: Ar;i#. As the Militia are to be clothed only once in Three Years,; the wholeEXpence V> roflthe Militia, communibus Annis, will not fexceed £. 113»S4I- 1,1 s °d* o

Ji:;i or?.; :!i ' . - ' . \ ‘

Foundling

Jiospital,

General T urnpike Acts.

i* *.\

Sir William Beauchamp Prottbr took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair. '

Sir William Beauchamp Prodlor reported from the Committee, That they had conbdered the Matter to them referred; and had. come to a RCTohition; whichr they had directed him to report; and had also.directed him to make a Motion; when the House will please to* ’ receive the same. V- ..A

OYdeted, That the Repdrt be received Tomorrow Morning/ ' . ,*j

: . \ ? 7. /:)/. ' '

And then*'the HoUfe 'adfmnried 'tiiLl *To-morrowA f -jyiofcning, Nine of the.Clock. r . ' >

.A. \ !;/ , --V. \ A 1/ , - \ A '; U

m'?, A] / 7 f7.; 1 w-:

-1 . 20° die 'FebYutirfi V V

\’i .\WA'W-y v i: ? r; A ' Am\o 32f#;®eorgM-IId,> Regis,* 15*59*'

/ - I V-

; pRATElis:

\ .-.u

\ jT;

Supply.

/ Qjldevtd, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was rnoyed, That the Order made upon JF#dnqfdqy therfth Day of this Instant February, for the toirefolve itself into a Committee of the whole Etbjufe t upon . Thw'fday Morning next, to take into (G^t^ideratioA./the, State of the Hospital for the Main-fe^paj^ce ar^.(Education of exposed and deserted young jEWIdreny-might be read. . , .; ,

;A^ thf ftmb,being read accordingly; n

./r Ofidefiecl, That the said(Order be discharged.:- ivjd ,iiBfjfllvedi That tlpS House will, upon; Thuqfdey Se± vennightx the lftDayof March nexti revive itself info aCotmnittee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and and^deserted ybung Gliildren. 1 I.* . .{*' i-nor-‘ *i haK ' ‘5- '*

V ;.The.Order; oC tlieDay being,read,! for the House to; resolve itself into a CopunUteeof tliewhole House, to* consider the Act passed in the 30th Year of his present Majesty, intitiiiled, An Act to repdefmore*efTeftiial the ifeveral Laws now in being, for thenAmendroent arid Preleryation. of [tbftvpublic Highways and Turnpike -Roads of- this Kingdom; and also torcotiiider of the jExequtrion.of the raid* Act; *; ,-tj * rvY "

i^Orderedi Tl^t the ji^d Order-be-postponed^ -

ni‘v. .'itaii ' u 1’ :t ’.

The other Orders of tfee P^fibeingt; bjrio: :-Bcfolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday rMprnfjg, refOh-ejitfeJf loo'll Committee of 'the puffed in ,the 12th ear of

- whole Hpufc, to Canfrder.fiutl^r of.tl^e Supply granted Kingj 'thb'Fi^fl1 for l*bpairing the Rpad from t}ie

ItQihjs Majesty. . < . n (: *' i -3 v,i. i ' City apdother^bads therein men'rv

ak I: ,e-AM , / e A tiojned, and for mffing\hesaid Act ^ana

Th^t i^hish House; will, -upon Wcd/iffday tfreStfier passed' iif t h eri td Year of the Reignof liispre-

" sent Majesty,intituled, An AftTor contliiifingTvvo Acts of Pa»W[a^nT' tjhft in the '13th Year.of the

Eieiguiiqffl^lnt^ M^jedy>Jiing \George thb' First, £6n amending,^XeMmLRoods leading from the City 'oP Brijloli and [the ftib&iin the 4th Year of the* Reign of.hist present to explain and amend the fame Act, ai^.lpr n^Wng UiefsaidjAfts, more eflhftualj ai>d alfe , for: rdpmring lotbor Roads< therein mentioned ;* and formakingalijthefeid Acts more effectual ;_and for repairing,. vfid^nwgW and:, keeping in Repair, several other Roads,r and ffor making; the said Act-more effectual And the same ^d^i?lyed ‘ )wd Head the Firlft time. k

Befolvedy

SIR ChatiefXqm/s Tynte presented to the House^ac/: w

!cprd«>g:tojQrdCjr, a Bill for repairing-federal Roadii leading to the Tpwn of Brjdgexvatci', in th^-Countyi ;of

Somerfit and to enlarge, the Powers granted by. an Act.

df‘ g ear |of tHeRi^lgil of his present Majesty,( uir

tit tiled; ’An Act for b^'l^rgiiVg the Terms anil Powers of . *

Two. Acts of Rarhamdht,pnb passed in llVe iqth Ycay of the Reigrit)f his present Mpjcity, fhtitid^An Act ifor etrlirging' the Term' and Pbwers granted by air ^ft^.

’ the Reign of his late Majesty*

v V»AV\ rt > mi il-v 13 JL — . 3 a.

L/tf (

J$L. tw?->yi\g.psxfrj ffifoslTTB, kfplf ipjot

;-vyhole Ijlou^e, 49 cpnlj^er further,«(;W.aVs:un4iMeai*s »% ijaifing. the Supply granted,tft, ft is Majesty-sil,;'! ,

cti:^r.;h.v I . i ! O ' n

i;. Tfie Rpflponed; Older of (the Day

IGcnml tilJJ^Vfe iafplyad^feJf inta^ifiWwURe^f.the Turafwke 't'.vj-pjp, ftouie, to consider the Act passed jn th^ gptfi A£tt. .^ear.of.lils present Majesty, uit,italed,;Au.A,ft to repder ^jp^e:affcftuid the several Laws-now m.beipg,;for the .^tpienfltnent and IVeferration of the:public Highways 'and Turnpike lioads of this Kingdopi; and aUoto;eoiv: fider of the Execution of th,e CaidjAct.,; i

AJjy.SpeakerJeft the Clumv

Bentley

with

Arkfey

Jndoiure.

Staunton

indolure.

Office!

and

Exnplojments.

Wear

Navigation.

Loundes’l

Preparation ot B:ioe gait.

2 Geo. IL , 20° Fe43 g

Resolved, That the Bill be read, a Second time.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Halford and Mn Harris,: . .:

Mr. Speaker.: ,;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement, for inclosing and dividing the Commons and walie Grounds in the Town {hips of Bentley and Arkfey, and Pari111 of Arkfey, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fordividing and inclosing the open Fields and Meadows* common Pasture, and walte Grounds, in the Manor and Pari 111 of Staunton, in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, ati-Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualifythem-Teives for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and foj* allowing further Time for that tPurpose; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Tempejt reported from the Committee, to whofh the Petition of the May or and Aldermen of the City of Durham, and of Gentlemen, Clergymen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the said City jand County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitioir and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

1

Mr. Edward Finch reported from the Conutftttee, so whom the Petition of Roger Long, D; D. Malterof Pembroke Hall, in the Uni veifi ty of Cambridge, and Lozvndcs's Astronomical and Geometrical Professor in the said University, was referred, That the Comiiiittde hafclexamined the Matter of Fastcontained in tjje.said Petition, and Irad directed him to report a State thereof to the House; andife reitd the Report in his" Place; and afterwards "delivered it ill at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same 1 Was read; and is as followeth; *

A State of thri drifts contained . in the said Petition, is as follow's:

It appeared to your Committee,&y the Journal of this House, and by a Paper delivered to this House, in t he ~ Yeari ^46, by Thomas Ldzvndes, Esquire, That the said Thomas Lozvtides did propole to difcQver.a Method, by him invented, of making Brine Salt, upon Coridition ! that there should be paid to him, or his Representatives, the following Sums of Money, in case it mould appear upon the Trials to be made, that such Salt, did qqual or ' excel French Bay Salt, for the following Pui}poses.; that ’is to say, If for Domestic Ufeslbe Sujrr^of £, iepp| if for

Curing Pork for the Use of the N^y, £4000, if for cu$-: Ing Beef for the Navy £. 1 oqoa ,£nd if for curi ng she.Fish

of Newfoundland£.4000, allevying certain Terms,- hi the 1 fetidl^roposal expressed/for making the Trials; all which Times are since expired: And he did in his faicLProposal . disclaim being intitieef to pny of tbpsaid Rewards, if he did not make itappehr, that the Sa^made acqprdirigfo his Method, might he afforded, at^the Pjace.S of the Manufacture thereof for Six P^pce per BuflieL nr under.

And it appeared by the J^urqift of this House,.of tl]e 3d of June 1746,* That this^ House did’resolve that the said Proposal was reasonable ;and that an Address should I'h'c prdented to his Majesty, that he yyouldbe giqigioully 'pleased'to authorize and-.direct tl^e Commissioner^ of tlje AdmiMhy,;or the Lor^ Jfligh Admiral for the Time be-^ing, to ent^r into ah Agreqment'W^tlj,the saidThoiiias

Lozvndes, puriuanf iotbe said Proposal, ana to cause to: b^tnade the feyeralTrials mentioned in the fame: And 1 fhaf'his Majesty would be pieced to order such Sum or 1 tedmsof Money, from time to time, to bq paid to the said

7'VbL-i *...' ....

Thomas, Lowndes, upon the Certificates of the said Commissioners, or Lord High Admiral, as/hould be mentioned in the said.Cerl iijcates.

v And it appeared by a Copy , of the Agreement signed by M r. Clevlan^.dattd the 2 2<1 Day of January 1746, That the CommbJwners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain did enter,into an Agreement with the said Thomas Lowndes, for the Purposes mentioned in the said Address.

And it appeared by the Will of the find Thomas Lowndes; proved in the Prerogative Court of Cflptcrbunj the 4th Day of June 1748,^1^ the said Thomas Lowndes deviled all his Estate at Overtoil, and all his Lands and Hereditaments in fSiiiallwood, and elsewhere, in the County of Chester, and all his ether real Estate,"to the Chancellor; Masters, and Scholars, of the University of Cambridge, and their Successors for ever, subject to the Payment of such; just Debts, as his, personal Estate« should not be sufficient to pay; upon Trust* that they flialTfor ever pay all Jhe clear ttpnts and Profits of the , said; real^ Estates annually, to the Support and Mainteiir ance of a Profqilor; to be called Lowndes's Aftronpujical and G eotpe t r i cal Professor i 11 the said University, and to be chosen in the maqnepappointed ,by the fiiid Will.; and did direct, thp.t the first Money t|iat could be got from the Contraft, then depending with the Commissioners of the Admjraltjr for meliorating Brine Salt, should be applied tajfafisfy a Mortgage on his said real Estate, then due to Mrs.^ Bridget Clayton, and all Monies due to her; and did. veil the Residue. jp Trustees, thin-stitute ProfelTorships in the Civil I*aw hi the University of Oxford, , ':

And itappeared by a Minute takemfrom the Books of the Admiralty Office, dated the 5th Day- of > January 17.^0,' Thai, in the Opinion of the CommissionerSof the Admiralty, Mr. Lowndes's Salt equalledo#», exoelledj the . French Bay Salts for domestic Uses; and curingiBeef and Pork, for the Navy; but suficient Experiments ha’d riot been made to form a Judgment as to the Newjbundlhnd Fjlh; andthatlas it had not beqn friflici.entjyjprbved that it , couid be made for Six:Pence.piT Bushel, the Commifr sioners of the Adriftuilty;,did think themselves authorized to grant the.Certificates ftipillated in the Agreemcpl with Mr. fowndes*:

And it appeared.by a.Certificate/ d^ted " Admiralty v <c Office 12th February 1759/* and figiied by Mr: land, that, no such Certificates have been given by the Lords of the Admiralty^either to, Mr. Lowndes; or td his Reprefcntaftves, to enable them to receive any df thofq Rewards..{; ,

And it appeared by a, Report to the Commissioners of jthe Admirally,./rom the Victualling Office, dated 26th jan,t i’jjtfi Tl»aJ j4i^5p kBpiheIs of; Bribe Salt; made afte^JVIf,^Method, had been used in curing Beef and Pork for the Use of his Majesty’s Navy, in the .;Y7^ 5 and that jfuqh Srijl^ad.bgeri found to answer^ for.chring Beefand 1 Poi;k;fQi: the N^vy, as vyeij' French Day Salt. l

And i^j-appeared Vy a C^py of a Decree in the Court . of Chaqqqqy^.of ft^.iGthTMy of FebntMryhj^That the \yill of.^e fei<\}rfhpmas IjowmIH wa^well proved, and that the same ought to be ellablillied, and.th^ Trulls tftep^of.perforu^ed; cjntjcarricd into Exemtion; awdthat :^ppfpirified Lowndes's>ProfbfTor(in tiib Y.^arl I. M 9 t\rid ,was; 3h crehy i jft ted» )to 7al I Rents brtl ^Profits of the said Messuages, Lands, and TenerixetiU, minnaHy, for his^upppytaridAIaiuteriariCCtas^dienV/^’s Astronomical and Geqiriebical ProfeUon*-. V 1 Apd by ri Report of AJ r>, Edzeards, Onfc of the Masters iu C1 iriricqry,.majrle in, purfnitnee ril th^idid'Decree, and date^the pi ft of J{ii,w it appeared* That the said

Meffimges* and Teniguierits* were* at the Death df

Mr. A atomies', charged -wjtlva Mortgage, beyond what /his personal Eftales vyould;satisfy* of Fight hundred and Fifty Poundji; and that Dl*. Long hud paid for rnterest of the said due the tofti of d/4V. 1748, when the said Mr; Lowndes died, {lie Sum of £.78, 4s. gd. and IbmeChafgts relating thereto, amountuig 7y* 4^*


20° — 21°

Pebructril

1759

annmj

GfBeral

Turnpike

A$k.

The dther t>rder of the fiay being read, for the House Jja to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, the Nav upon the Rill for the more effectually mantling of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from thfe same; as also for the Relief and Encoura'g^lfteot of Seamen, and ot her's, belonging 'to Ships or Velfefs in the Merchant’s Service;

Ordered, That all the Books Und Papers, wh ch have been prefetited to iste House in this Session of Parlia?-ment, relating to trading Ships and Vessels, and tb Sha* men, and other Persons, protected, ortaken, or pressed, into the Service of his Majesty’s Navy, and to Expences occasioned by pressing Men for the Service of his Majesty’s Navy, be referred to the said Committee.

Then thelToftferefoIved itfelfinto-thesaid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

‘Mr. Cooke took the Clvair of the Committed.

Mr.. Speaker refused the Chan*:

Mr. Co'oke reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, arid1 made several Amendments thereunto; which they had deeded him to report, when the House will plbafe to* receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Mdming next.,) . '*

Aiid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Member takes Oaths.

General Turnpike A ds.

and for Interc'fl which had afterwards accrued, the further Sum of Jf. 198. 15.V. 3dir.

Ancl it appeared by a Receipt signed by Mrs* Bridget Clayton, dated February ift 1759, That the Interest of the said principal Debt was then paid.

And a Member present informed yonr Committee,

That, to his Knowledge, the whole Interest of the said Debt, from the Date of the said Report to Michaelmas 1758, had been paid by the said Dr. Long.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the'Consideration of the Committee of the Whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir William Beduehamp Proctor, according to; Order, reported from ihe Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider the Act, passed in the ^oth Year of his’ prbfent Majesty, ibtituled,' An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways UndTurApike Roads ofthisKfrigdom; abd also tb coiifider of the Execution of the said Act; the Refblu-tion Which the Committee had directed him to report tb the Hoiifib; Wfiich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at’ the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read ♦, and ifcbs followeth; viz.

aRe/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Weight to be carried by all Waggons and Carts travbllirtg on the public Roads, be limited. i-The said Hifolution being read a Second time j /The Amendment fallowing was propbfed to be made thereto; viz.

To leave out " public," and insert ‘e Turnpike."*

Andthd Question being put, That the Word "public3'*

Hand Part of the said Refol ution;

It passed in the Negative.; "

1 And thedueftion being put; That the Word "Turnpike" be insertfed instead thereof; -

it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Btfolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Weighted bb carried by all Waggons and Carts travel-iihfgon Uie Turnpike'Roads, be limited.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken th^ Oaths, and made’ and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for tlibfe Purposes.

i Sir Witliatn Bdauthamp Proctor also acqhdititbd the County of Hertford; apd for]preserving^nd improving iHouse, That herWasdirected by the Committee to move KtheJsaidPRlver from the said [Town of- Ware, to the pew the House, that Leave be given tobringin a Bill for re- ‘Cutor'Rfw Mdyor, Co|toionalty,{apd Ci-

-dttcing into; One Aft ‘of - P*rf»tofent, the Three several Wizens1, of London,&pd! for eiiabling trW'^GoveVnpr and :Acts of) the'26th; 2 8 thy arid 36th, Years of his present Compbhy of tlfa' Kp wK iver the better to Tupply t^e Majesty’s'Reign, far the Ameftdiriant and Preservation *Cities 'o£h)ndkix0<t We]tmmfief‘'^vid thfe Liberties and ,of< ;the public Highways artd Turnpike Roads of This; Sfiburb^xheteof^ Wl'^dless

Kingdom.- ’1 ’'of feveVtff Perforisin’tercfted or conc^hed m'tWXavj-

And Sir ! accordingly,

reducing «... v..^ -----, *v — r-T----- r — -- -1 - 7

A$s>of the 26th; k8th, and 30th, Years bflnfe ^present "’^lt ap^eated toN {he ndufe^ ‘and he^read‘ the

Majesty’s:Reign, for the Amendment and PrefelrVatioVi 1 Report in‘lii^ Plicfe ;1 and afterWkr^cTetivcreT it /n at ,of the public HightAvavs arid Turnpike Roads1 of tBs the Clerk’s lTHble C Where the famC was, read //and iis Kingdohi: ' . - . / ’ai followeth i ;V ' \ U Vr

/ An* Amendment was proposed to be made to the T‘rti Question, by inserting, aftei^ X\\e^Wards " Bid for," and before the Word " rbdusfhg," the Words " amending alid.’.Vj.; f ihij; '

« And die: feid Amendment was, upon the (iheftion put thereujportj agreed to by-the Hohfe.

: Dederda)That'* Leave be-given to bring in a Bifl, for ‘amending Uhil reducing into Oiie Act of PafliaineWt, the Three fcVeral A£ta: of the 26th, attth, drid 30th, lYbarstof hife ptefent Majesty’s Reign, for the Amend-.'ment and Preservation of the’ public Highways and iT urn pike Roads of this Kingdom: And that SiF WiU zliwm BeauChamp Proctor,

Sir John Giynne, Sir Roger v o ^__________

Mr. Awgtttf, Mr* Cooke, Mr. Barrow, and Sir Charles Brotb6^tr\ie\(jAflTBaFgemcn do .'Mordauntrdo^prepare, and bring in, the fame. 1 it!to hitldbr onicoming, down.

- 14 Mr,

Mercurii) 21 °die Februarii;

Anno 320 Georgii.II'11 Regis, 1759.

P RAYE.RS. ’:

yTR* R^prelehted to the TIoufe/accdrrTing to Or- Wye JAA der, a Bill for extending and continuing the Navigation,

Navigation of !rtie;ifiter W$y, btheVvVife Wye, in the Golirity of Surtky\ to the.Town of Godalifting, rn dhe , foid;.Gci4hty; Arid the same was^'received; afud' Veud the First time, ifr /

Refolted, That the Bill be read a Secbnd time.

Mr. Jennings reported from’ the Committee, to whQTrt Let the' Petition of several of the Trustees appointed b(y, or Narigatio^ iii purfudnee of, 'an; lAj^'ixiade in' tb^ i 2U1 Year,of his prbfehtJ MajestyRelgnj' for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of ttie River Lee, from the TawVi df HeVtford,1 to the Town of Ware, in the

To pro\4 ATIi0tiS of tb q \f^uf Peti t: an,

The said J AWwas rddd f Whereby it appeared, that

ear was or-

1 /; 2,£66 iri Ohd^rdfk'Stfrn;'a Y-----

"cRrcd tdbd pa5d ti’" T arlied in the "A A, to

'be’app(I.tSife'beifcrVatIon and Tipproyernent "bf tile *’^Tb^t if Ten'Tr liftees did mot

"appbAr at;Mcfti 11 g, ti)61Meel' fiigSv,to be adiVurO-'bd o v rfVhtfdbs fh adili of any Tow ey given

thctn;1b}r ‘the1 d^‘‘tol b6n Perlops’ who ihoii)d

damage1 df Ibemici Navigation. Anil,;

Mh MlfflPijt bein£ exarniiied', fard. That he

f this Kingdom: And that bit Wil- lives by (Vet :>Pee; ' that.uie the

'foclor, Mr. Bolton, Mr. TdJbhJhehd, said NhVfgation fikH^b^h f(’eq'^eijtlydamaged^by g r Roger Mojtyn, Sir Roger Nczvaigdte, broke dpen Sliuijfead^ud

Cttdke. Mr. jBarrow, and Sir (^hnrfpc TIapcxiamnn Ar\

32 Geo. II. 210 Februarii. 437

Mr. Bojlock Toller being examined, said. That he has been Clerk to the Trufrees of the said Navigation ever since the Commencement of the Act; that 201 Meetings have been appointed, 76 of which have only done Business, the remaining 125 being obliged to adjourn, for want of a sufficient Number of Trufrees:

That the Navigators have come to make Complaints of Defects in the Navigation, which could not be heard for want of a sufficient Number of Trustee3; and that there were not above Three or Four Meetings between 1754 and 17.57:

That the Fund establifried for the Navigation is only £. 300 a Year, payable by the new River Company, and agrofs Sum of £.2,500, £. 1,000 of which was appropriated by the Act for Services performed previous to the passing of it; so that there remained to be employed in the Works only £. 1,500:

That since the Commencement of the said Act One Wear has been re-built, which coll £. 1,259; another at Broxbourne, which colt £. 699; and another at Stanjlead, which cost £.472; and that the Trufrees have now in hand £. 726, besides their £. 300 a Year:

And by an Account of their Expences, at an Average, for 19 Years, viz. from the Commencement of the Act, it appears, that their ordinary Expence amounts to £.265 a Year; so that there remains only £.35 a Year, together with the said £. 726, to answer all extraordinary Expences:

That the Expence of the Navigation for 19 Years past, amounted annually to about £. 265, exclusive of building and purchasing Staunches or Turnpikes.

Mr. John Clark, Surveyor to the Trufrees, being examined, said, That the Repairs necessary to be performed at Broxbourne and Stanstead Gates, will require 140.

Mr. Hankin being again examined, said. That Vessels are very often flopped for want of Water between Ware and London; that a Vessel, with a proper Quantity of Water, may perform a Voyage in Five Days; but that sometimes they areThree Weeks, and sometimes a Fortnight, owing to the Shallovvness of the River; that Goods have frequently laid at JVare in Warehouses, from the Uncertainty of Water Carriage, and have at last been sent by Land.

Being asked, If the River was deepened, how much it would reduce the Price of Carriage between Ware and JLondon f

He said. One-fifth.

Being asked, What would be the Consequence if a Gate was to be blown up, and the Trufrees had not a sufficient Sum of Money in their Hands to repair it.

He said, The Vessels in that same would not carry half a Load.

Being further examined, he said, That the River is very crooked, and daily grows worse; that the Floods move the Ground from one Point to another, which makes it very difficult for Boats and Barges in turning up the River; and that several Barges have been damaged by the Sharpness of the Points of Land.

Mr. James Hewson, a Bargemaster, being examined, said. That he remembers the River 50 Years, and that Horses have been used to tow Vessels all that Time; that Horses do less Damage to the Lands, than Men, as the Horses make but Offe Tract, and tow from the Body of the Barge, whereas the Men pull from the Mall Head, and go 8 or 10 Pole further on the Lands, and do more Damage };han the Horses; and that the Navigation cannot be carried on by the Men so well as by Horses, for One Horse will draw as much as Ten Men.

And Mr. Hankin added, That exorbitant Demands have lately been made for the Liberty bf towing with Horses; for which nothing was paid formerly:

That Mr. Jijfop an Attorney at JValtham, rents Lands, over which the towing Paths lead the Length of 40 Pole, or upwards, and demands One Shilling for passing over it with a Horse; that he remembers about Eight Years ago nothing was paid; that a former Tenant demanded 3 d. a Horle, then 6 d. and now Mr. JeJfop demands 1 s. Vol. 28.

and has brought several Actions against the Bargemen; that the Witness went to the Person who rented the Laud before Jeffbp, who told him, That Mr. Jejfop took the Land over his Head, in order to extort Money from the Bargemen.

William Pturner, junior, Esquire, said, That his Father has an Estate, over which there is a towing Path, and that he had no Objection to towing with Horses over his Ground in the usual Paths.

Thomas PlumerByde, Esquire, said, he had no Objection to towing with Horses over his Laud, and has heard no Gentlemen object to it.

A Member present informed your Committee, That he has several confulerable Tracts of Land on the River Side; that every Vessel pays him for the Use of his Wear and going through the Grounds together, by Agreement, and he has no Objection to the towing with Horses through his Ground, provided the same Satisfaction be made him which he receives at present; that the Wear and Ground go together, with respect to the Toll; that they pay i.v. for every Voyage going and coming; and that the Tenant of the Wear receives the Money, and the Tenant of the Lands has nothing to do with it; but that his Tenant cannot give a Passage without. hisConfent.

Sir William JVake being examined, said, That the Horses do more Mischief by towing than Men; and that he has had frequent Complaints thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more efreftual an Act, passed in the 12 th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Nav igation of the River Led*, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said River from the said Town of JVare, to the new Cut or River made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of Loji-k don; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of London find Westminster, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, with good and wholesome Water: And that Mr. Jennings, Mr. Charles Gore, the Lord Carysfort, Mr. AH derman Dick infun, and Mr. Brajfey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Thomas Peckham, Esquire, and his Iffiie, to take and use the Surname of Foule, was read the Third t ime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Thomas Peckham, Esquire, and his Iffiie, to take and use the Surname of Foule,

Ordered, That Mr. Butler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrerice.

Ordered, That Mr. John March do attend thisHouse Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Edtcard Vernon do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Hammo?id do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Smith do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard JVillis do attend this House at the same Time.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better enlightening and cleajffing the open Places, Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, and orher Places, within the Manor and Liberty of Norton Falgale, otherwise Norton Fo/ley, in the County o{Middlesex\ and for regulating the Nightly Watchand Beadles, within the said Manor and Liberty: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ReJ'oLvcdy That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according ta Order, proceeded to the hearing of th^ Matter of the Petition of Peter Burrell, Esquire, complaining of an undue F.Ieftion and Returit

5 T for

Peckham's

Name.

French

Woollen

Manufacture!.

Norton Falgate Paving, &c.

Lnunceftoii

Election.

438 2I° — 22°

for the Borough of Dunheved, otherwise Launcefion, in the County of Cornwall:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, no Counsel appearing for Sirje/w St. Aiibin, Baronet, whose Election and Return is contcfted by the Petitioner, was called in: And the said Petition was read:

And the last Determination of the House, made upon the 17th Day of March 1723, concerning the Right of electing Burgesses to ierve in Parliament for the Borough of Dunheved, alias Launcefion, in the County of Cornwall, which is thereby resolved to be in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Freemen, being Inhabitants at the Time when they were made free, and not receiving Pay of the Parish, was also read:

And the Resolution of the House of the 24 th Day of March 1734, that the Aldermen of the Borough of Dunheved, alias Launcefion, in the County of Cornwall, ought to be eleCied out of the legal Freemen of the said Borough only, was also read:

And the (landing Order of the House, made upon the 16th Day of January 17 ->5, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes, for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner was heard, and examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to prove, that Four Persons voted for the Petitioner, whose Names are not entered upon the Poll

And the said Counsel examined a Witness, and produced Evidence, in order to prove, that the said Four Persons were entitled to vote, as being free Burgesses of the said Borough, and as having been Inhabitants at the Time when they were made free.

Then the said Counsel infilled, that the Votes of the said Four Persons, who voted for the Petitioner, ought to be added to the Poll of the Petitioner, and that thereby the Petitioner would have a Majority of legal Votes. And then the Counsel was directed to withdraw. Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That Sir John St. Au~ bh\y Baronet, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunhevcdy otherwise Launcefion, in the County of Cornwall.

Resolved, That Peter Burrell, Esquire, is duly eleCied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunheved, otherwise Launcefion, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Dunheved, otherwise Laun-cefion, in the County of Cornwall, by rafing out the Name of Sir John St. Aubin, Baronet, and inferring the Name of Peter Burrell, Esquire, instead thereof.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge for Trans-portService, for the Year 1758, including the Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by tire Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Februarii. A. 1759.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furl her of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this-House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Meany House, to consider fur^Cr of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

1

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow - Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis,2 2* die Februarii;

Anno 32° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, accord- Launcefion ing to Order, amended the Return for the Borough Eieflion. of Dunheved, otherwise Launcefion, in the County of

Cornwall.

Mr. Hczcett reported from the Committee, to whom Mansfield, the Bill for repairing and widening the high Road &c. leading from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Road* Nottingham, through the Towns of Peafiey, Glapwell Heath, and Normonton, and the Liberty of Hajland, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve- < rally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Warren presented to the House, according to Or- MacclesfidJ der, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the to Cross at Broken Cross in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, through Macclesfield Forest, to the present Turnpike Road at the South End of the Township of Buxton, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Sixty-seven thousand Seven hundred Seventy-one Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty for the Charge of Transport Service, for the Year 1758, including the Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Year.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Questicu put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Cooke, according to Order, reported from the Manning Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the the Navy, more effectually manning his M aj efty ’ s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen and others, belonging to Ships or Vessels in the Merchants Service; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had madelo

the

o

° Februari

A Member takes Oaths.

Manning the Navy.

Law

respecting Harfe Races.

French

Woollen

Manufactures,

Grantham

Road.

A Member takes Oaths.

Sunning,

kc.

Road.

32 Geo. II.

22

-23

the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as flidll be suficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Ghjnne be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain, amend* and render effectual, so much of an'Ad, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to refirain and prevent the excessive Increase of Horse Races, and for amending an Act, made in the laftSellion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming; as relates to the Increase of Horse Races, and so far as the same is now in Force.

The Hpufe being informed, That several Persons, who were Yesterday ordered to attend this House this Day, attended at the Door;

One of the said Persons was called in; and, at the Bar, examined, in relation to the Pradice of importing French Cloths into several Ports in the Levant Sea, on the Account of some of his Majesty’s Subjects.

And then he withdrew.

And the House being informed, That the Secretary to the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading unto the Levant Seas, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and produced several Papers relating to the same Matter.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Papers were read.

Then another of the Persons, who were Yesterday ordered to attend this House this Day, was called in; and* at the Bar, examined in relation to the same Matter.

And; he being withdrawn;

Ordered, Nomine conlradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better preventing the Importation of the Woollen Manufactures of France into any of he Ports in the Levant Sea, by, or on the behalf of, any of his Majesty’s Subjects: And that Mr. Townshend, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Thomas Townshend junior. Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Prowse, and Mr. Nor they, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 230 die Februarii;

Anno 320 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759. Prayers.

SIR John Cust presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Botiesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge; and from ChappelBar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to St. Mary's Bridge, in the Town o {Derby: And the same was received; and read the First time.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, arid made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Vol. 28.

a Place called the Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, Nero Bracknoule and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Eg ham, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First time.

JRefolved, That the Bill be read a Second tinie.

Ordered, That Mr. Dazvnay be added to the Gentle- Stfoudwaitr men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill Navigation, to amend arid explain an A&, made in the Third Year of his pr,efent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Frami-load, to Wailbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County.

A Bill for making the River Stort navigable, in the M.8 Fort. Count ies of Hertford and Essex, from the New Bridge, Navigation, in the Town of Bifop's Stortford, into the River Lee> at or near a Place called Rye, in the County, of Hertford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whittington, Mr. Fane,. Mr. West, Mr. P [umpire, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Townshend, Mr. 01 mius, Mr. Tucker, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. George Onslow,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Calt ho rpc, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Hervey, Lord North, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Thornton, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Hume, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Staunton, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Harbord. Sir John Cust, Mr,.

Fellozves, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkin fan,

Mr. Ridley, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Alexander, Sir John Turner, M r. Moore,$\r Francis PooLe, Nh\ Thistlethwayte,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Symonds, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Alderman Beckford,

Mr. Warren, Mr. Bayntun, Admiral Griffin* Mr. BurreM,

Lord Villiers, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Lewis, Mr. John Calvert, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Grenville; and alt the Members who serve for the Counties of Halford,

Essex, Cambridge, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Rigby reported from the Committee, to whom Salford the Bill to enable the most Noble Francis Duke of Canal. Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal from a certain Place in the Township of Salford, to or near Worjley Mill and Middlewood, in the Manor of Worjley, and to or near a Place called Hollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed. That no Person appeared before the Committee 011 behalf of the Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying between Salfordzxid Worjley Mill, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ~ which was referred to the said Committee; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read aSecond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Another of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill (which Amendment is for repealing an Act, made in the 10th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act formaking navigable the River or Brook called Worjley Brook, from Worjiey Mill, in the Township of/Fory/n/jintheConnty Palatineof Lancaster, to the River Irwell, in the said County,) being read a Second time;

The House was moved, That the said Act might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The

44°

230 Febru.

1759.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Totnef* A Petition of several Persons of the County of Devon, Road. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for’ amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the hollow Way, on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike ends, to a Place called Biddiford, in the said County of Devon; and alleging, that in the lower Quarter of the Town of Totness, through which the said Road leads, Wheel Carriages cannot at present pass, without very great Inconveniency, on account of Part of a House, of small Value, Which

ijrojects considerably into the Street along wh ich the Road eads, and is supported by Pillars; and that in the said Town, between the said Street and the Road leading towards the Town of Plymouth, at a Place called Collin's Corner, it is with the greatest Difficulty a Carriage can turn the said Corner, by reason of the Projection of Part of a House, also of very small Value, into the High Road, Which at the said Corner is very narrow; and therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for widening the said Road hi the PI ces aforesaid, so as to render the same safe and commodious for Carriages and Passengers.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cor> sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Trifi, Mr. Drake, Mr. Fullei', Mr. Yorke, Mr. Medlycotf, Sir George Savile, Mr More, Sir Francis Poole, M r. Burrell, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Affleck, Lord North, Mr. AtncotIs, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Great heed, Mr. Harris, M r.Catthorpe, Mr. For refer, Mr. Lotendes, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Foley, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Smith, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Feliowes, Sir' John Crojje, Mr. Probyn, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Bar rote, Mr. Willey, Mr. Plumptre, Sit* John Glynne, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. Bond, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Hume, Mr. Bayntun, Mr Ridley, Mr. Bankes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cormoall, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five Of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Register The House was moved, That the Order made upon of Penfi°a Friday the Second Day of this instant February, for the uuea. proper Officer to lay before this House, the Book of Register, in which all the Money paid into the Exchequer for the Duties on Offices and Pensions are entered and registered, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly:

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money, paid into his Majesty’s Exchequer, or retained in any other Office, by virtue of an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions.

Importation A Petition of the Landholders, Possessors, and In-of Cattle habitants, of the County of Fife; and also, from a Petition of the Landholders, Pofteflors, and Inhabitants, of the County of Elgin; and also,

A Petition of the Landholders, Possessors, and Inhabitants, of the County and Stewartry of Kirkcudbright; and also,

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Commissioners of the Land Tax, and of the Landholders, Possessors,

*7

Ireland.

and Inhabitants, of the County of Dumfries, assembled at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, held at Dumfries on the 17 th Day of January 17595

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally alleging, That the Petitioners tinderstand, that a Bill is brought, or intended to be brought, into Parliament for the Importation of black Cattle from Ireland; and representing several bad Consequences which the Petitioners allege will arise therefrom; and expressing the Hopes of the Petitipners, that no such Bill will be allowed to pass, without permitting the Petitioners to be heard by their Counsel, to explain the destructive and ruinous Effects which will attend the passing of such a Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, for a Time to be limited, be read a Second time: And the Petitioners are then to he heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, upon their said several Petitions, if they think fit.

Mr. Stanlei) presented to the House, according to Winchester, Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from &c. OxdoionGate, in PophamLane, to the City of Winehe/ler, and from the said City, through Hurjley, to Chandlersjord; and from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Rom/ey, and from the said Turnpike Road through Ringzvood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborne Minfer, in the County of Dorset:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refulved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Milford Address to his Majesty; Harbour.

An Account of what has been done since the 23d Day of January 1758, towards securing the Harbour of Milford, and towards providing a temporary Defence for the Ships lying in the said Harbour, in pursuance of any Directions given by his Majesty, in consequence of the Address of this House to his Majesty in the Year 1757: containing,

Account of what has been done by the principal Officers of the Ordnance since the 23d Day of January 1758, towards securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and towards providinga temporary Defence for the Ships lying in the said Harbour; together with a Book, intituled, ‘‘The Report and Estimate w of Colonel William Skinner, chief Engineer, for fortifying the interior Part of Milford Haven, 1758."

And the Titlesof the said Account and Book were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Book do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of thelloufe.

The said Account and Book are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the high Mansfield, Road leadi ng from the Town of Mansfield, in the County'S See. of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleaflexj, Glapwetl Healh, and Normonton, and the Liberty of Haf and, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chejierfield, in the County of Derby, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the high Road leading from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleajly, GlapwelL Heath, and Normonton, and the Liberty of Hajland, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chester field, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett do curry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for establishing and rendering effectual certain Rednfft Articles of Agreement, for the inclosing and dividing and certain Commons or waste Grounds, called Ridness and Swindled Swine Fleet Pastures, in the County of York, was read Inclosure* a Second time.

Resolved,

32 Geo. II.

2 30 — 16°

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Grerge Savile, Mr. Northey, Mr. Ffewett, Mr. A meats. Lord North, Mr. Symons, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Trift, Mr,. CVz/-rer/, Mr. Butler, Mr. 6’cre, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fuller, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Rigby, Mr. West, Mr. Thornton,. Mr. O/^ iiw/z/, Mr. Smith, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Lnvndes, Mr. Moore, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Townshend, Sir William Peeve Williams, Mr. ‘Ryder, Mr. GVwo't* Onslow, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Ly/ler, Mr. Harvey,. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Affleck, Sir John Crojje, Mr. More, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hume, Sir. Francis Poole,. Mr. Honeyzvood, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Pitt, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Berkeley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Mreft more land, and Lancojter: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Chard A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Eall End of the Town of Chard to the South End of West Moor; and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through Jlmifter, to Kenny Gate; and from the West End o Pease Mar/h I one to Horton Elm; and from Si. Rain Hill to Ilmifler; and from White Crop to Chillington Down; and from a Place called Three Oakes, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Crop, in the County of Snmerjet; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord North, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Affleck, Lord Eg man t, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Loumdes, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hcivett. Sir George Savile, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lafcelles, Mr. Forrejter, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Vanfiltart, Mr. Alexander, Sir William Pecre Williams, Mr. Thornton, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Tcmpeft, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Ba-got. Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Hume, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Smith, Mr. Walter, Mr. Bacon^h Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. More, Lord Middle Ion, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Butler, Mr. George Onslow, Mr Sandys, Mr. Willey, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. DetavaL Mr. Grenville, Lord Royjloni Sir Francis Poole, Sir Armine Wodehouse; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Cornwall, Devon, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Importation Mr. Rigby prefer.!ed to the House, according to Or-o! Tallow a I3UJ to discontiutic, for a Time to be limited, tl*e om rtan j)ujjes payable upon Tallow imported from Ireland: And the same was received.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty gives his Consent, a* far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the said Bill, That the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Vefolve itself into a Comm it. tee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Fftimate of the Charge of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1759, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money paid, and Charges incurred, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony in Nova Scotia, for the Year 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony oiGeorgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame* from the 24th of June i 758, to the 24th of June 1759, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 28.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee’.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from, the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the rfoufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Mqn-day Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will,upon Mon day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways , ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means, House, to confide* further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luruey 26° die Februarii;

Anno32° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

THE Lord George Manners reported from the Com- Great Glen mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing inclosure. certain open and common Fields in Great Glen, in the County of Leicester, called the Nether or South End Fields, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Widow Franks, and her Son Thomas Franks, William Darker, the Widow Taylor, John Franks, William King, and Jimfon, who are possessed of Three Y’ard I^ands only, and that the whole common Fields intended to be inclosed consist of Thirty Yard Lands and an Half; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the &ue(lion ie-verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom ^etherby the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- to holders, Land-owners, and Inhabitants, of and refuting in and about the Towns of Wether by, Spofforth, and Knaresborough, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition;

Mr. James Collins, being examined, said, Thar, the Road from the Town of Knaresborough, through Spofforth, to Wetherby, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places very rocky and narrow; and that if the said Road was repaired, it would be of great Advantage to the Country, and to the Public in general; but the same cannot be done by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being.

5 U Ordered,


442

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill For repairing and widening the high Road leading from' Knareftmrough to Grafting ton, in the County of York, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for repairing and widening the high Road leading from the Termination of the said Road at the said 7'own of Knarcf-borough, through Spoforth, to Wethei'by, in the said County.

A. 17,5 <)>

their Coimfel, to explain the bad Consequences which will attend the passing of inch a Bill into a Law.

And the said Petitions were federally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Hill to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, for a Time to be limited, be read a Second time: And the Petvioners are then to be beard by their Counsel against the said Bill, upon their said several Petitions, if they think fit.

q.66 Februatiu

Kelso Mr. Tozvnjhend reported from the Committee, to Two Pemes whom the Petition of the Baron, Baillie, and others, In-co*8‘ habitants of the Town of Kelso, in the County of Rox~; iburgh, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas WDowal and Mr. James Macklewraith, being severally examined, said, That the Inhabitants of the Town of Kelso did, in the Year 1752, begin to build a Bridge cross the River Tweed, which they proposed to finish by a voluntary Subscription: and that £.3,000 was subscribed for this Purpose, which has already been expended: That Six Arches of the said Bridge are already turned, but not finished; and that it will require £. 1,400 more to complete the said Bridge; and that there is not any Fund for carrying on the said Work: That the Streets of the said Town are in a ruinous Condition,'and the Inhabitants, at present, unable $0 put them in proper Repair:

That the Inhabitants are in great Want of fresh and ' wholesome Water, which might be easily obtained, if

there was any Fund for defraying the Expence of conveying it to the Town:

And that the Poor of the said Town are very numerous, and there is aNeceflity of building a Workhouse, to maintain them in; but, as the said Town has no Revenue whatsoever belonging to it, it will be impossible to carry on any of the aforesaid public Works, unless some Fund be established for defraying the Expence thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Aie, Porter, and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for fmidiing a Bridge cross the River Tweed; and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned: And that Mr. Toxcnjhend and Mr. Dugal Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Collecting of Sir Richard Lloyd presented to the House, according Pod Fines, to Order, a Bill for the more regular and eafv collecting, accounting for, and paying of, Poll Fines, which shall be due to the Crown, or to Grantees thereof under the Crown; and for the Ease of Sheriffs in respect to the fame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

Ditto.

Ditto.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Freeholders, and Commissioners of the Land Tax, of the Shire of H Igtown; and also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Heretors, and Landholders, of the County of Argyle-, and also,

A Petition of the Landholders, Possessors, and Inhabitants, of the County of Dumbarton;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending in the House for the Importation of Black Cattle from Ireland; and representing several bad Consequences which the Petitioners allege will arise therefrom; and expressing the Hopes of the Petitioners, that no such Bill will be allowed to pass, without permitting the Petitioners to be heard by

Mr. Nicholson Calvert presented to the House, go- Srmudwattf cording to Order, a Bill to amend and explain an Act, Navigation* made in the Third Year of hip present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for makingnavigable the River Stroud-water, in the County of Gluucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload to Waltbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, Che!!erfield according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening Ruad. the Road from Cliftlerfield to the Turnpike Road at Hernfton I.ane End, and also the Road branching from the said Road upon the East Moor, through Bajlow and Wardlow, to the Joining of the said Roads again, near JVardlozv Mires, and also the Road leading between the said Road and Branch, from Calver Bridge, to Bafwxo Bridge; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road, near Nexv Haven House, to the Turnpike Road, near Grindleforlh Bridge, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Owners and Masters of Manning Vessels, belonging to the Port of Lancaster, was pre- the Navy, fented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House, for the more effectually Manning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships or Vessels in the Merchants Service; and alleging, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would be very fatal to Trade and Navigation in general: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into Consideration.

A Bill for repairing and widening* the Road from the Macclesfield Cross, at Broken Cross, to Macclesfield, in the County of to Chester, through Macclesfield Forest, to the presentTurn-pike Road, at the South End of the Township of Buxton, 0 in the County of Derby, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Warren,

Mr. Bacon, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Alderman Dickinson,

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Loivndes, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. More, Sir George Savile, Mr. Thornton, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Hezvett, Sir George Dalston, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Sandys. Sir Charles Kemys Tynle, Mr. Bayntun. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Jones, Mr. Yorke,

Mr. F 'ane, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Nor they. Sir John Glynne,

Mr. Butler, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Trift, Mr. Greathced, Mr. Butler, Mr.

Lifter, Mr. Foley, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Morton, Mr. Willy, Mr. Hanger, Mr.

Olmius, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Veitch, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Amcotts, Lord Verney, Mr. Belchier; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Che Her, Lancaster, York, and Derby:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Billforthebetterenlighteningandcleanfing theopen Naron Places, Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, and other Places, Faljnte

within Pa>»ngA'c.

32 Geo. IE &6°FebriiaHi. 443

within the Manor and Liberty of Norton Colgate, otherwise Norton Folley, in the County of Middlefe.r; and for regulating the Nightly Watch a/id Beadles within the said Manor and Liberty; was read a Second time.

Re/hived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Dickin/bn, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fellowes* Mr. Warren, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lozcmdes, Mr. Smith, Mr. Vanfillart, Mr. Falter, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hume, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Cooke, Mr. More, Sir George Savile, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Foley, Sir John Cust, Mr. Hezveft, Sir John Grlynne, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Cholmley. Mr. Tr'Jl, Mr. 01 mi as, Mr. Plumpire, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Molyiieur, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Northey; Mr. Delaval, Mr. Bdchier, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr.

Hanger, Sir John Elwell, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Butler, Mr. /Valter, Mr. Bayntun, Sir RichardGrojvenor, Mr. Kent, Lord Canjsfort, Mr. Smith, Lord Middleton, Mr. Bagof, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Willy, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Buller, Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Tempejt, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Morton, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Campbell’, and all the Alembers whp serve for the Counties of Middlefe.v, Fffex, Hertford, and Cambridge, and for the City of London: And they are to meet, this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, intheSpeaker’s Chamber.

Bridgewater A Bill for repairing several Roads leading to the

Roads. Town at' Bridgewater, in the County of Some rjet, and to enlarge the Powers granted by an Act, of the 31st Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, platted in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City oVGloucester, to Slone, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for making the said Act more effectual; and the other patted . in the 22d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the 13U1 Year of the Reign of Ins late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, and the other passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act, and for making the said Acts more effectual, and also for re: pairing other Roads therein mentioned; and for making all the said Acts more effectual, and for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads; and for making the said Act more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Kcmys Tynte, Lord Egmont, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kuna/Ion, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Fellowes, Sir George Savile, Mr. More, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Bacon, MwCampbell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Vernon, Air Hanger, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Hcivett. Lord Carysfort, M r. Trijl, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Yorice, Mr. Toinijhend, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Pitt, Air Cholmley, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Cnft, Mr. Thornton, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Northey, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Plinnptre, AIr.Lockyer, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Scott, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Begot, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Lajcedes. Air. Rigby, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Amcotts, Air Gore, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Vansittart, Sir John Elwell, Sir Nicholas Bailey, Sir John Wynne, Sir Edward Walpole, Sir Lionet Pilkington, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, Wilts, Berks, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

General Ordered, That Mr. Ward be added to the Gentlemen

Turnpike who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for Acts. Voj.. 2S.

amending, And reducing into One Act of Parliament; the Three several Acts of the 26th, 28th, and 30th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom.

Mr. John Buller prefen ted to the House, according to Earl of

Order, a Bill for exemplifying or inrolling an Indenture Arran’s Of Settlement, and the Will and Codicils, of the Hite Earl of Arran, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Air. Fellowes prefeuted to the House, according to Somersham Order, a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen *nd Lands and low Grounds, in the Parishes of Somersham £vPldl^'V and Pidley with Fenton, and the Paritti of Colne, in the s

County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An irtgrossed Bill to enable the rood, Noble Francis Salford Duke of Bridgeivater to make a navigable Cut or Canal, Canal, from a certain Place in the Townllvip of Salford to or near Worjley Mill and Middlezcood, in the Alanor of Worjley, and to or near a Place catted Hollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lanca/ier, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was ottered to be added to the Rill, by way of Rider, for restraiuing the Provisions of the Act to the Limits therein specified.

And the said Cause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill by way of Rider.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass:. And that the Title be, An Act to enable the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal, from a certain Place in the Township of Salford, to or near Worjley Mill and Middlewood, in the Manor of Worjley, or to and near a Place called Hollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Air. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place i and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That aSum, not exceeding Nine thousand Nine hundred and Two Pounds Five Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scdtia, for the Year 1759.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Two hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five Pence, he granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for defray ing the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia in the Year 1757, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand and Fifty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Day of June 1758 to the 24th Day of June 1759.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Tmportati<m Duties payable upon Tallow imported from Ireland, was °* read a Second time. Ireland.

Resolved,

444

Befd ed, That the Bill be committed.

Refd :ed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolve (I, That this House will, upon Friday Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

schappel Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom Bar the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from

Roads. Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Not-

tingham, to New Haven, and from the Four Lane Ends, hear Oakerthorpe, to Ashhorne, and from the Cross Pojt on Wirkjuorth Moor, to join the Road leading from Chejierfield to Chappel-cn-lc-Frith, at or near Longs ton, in the County of Derby, and from Sets Ion to Annejley Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said, Report be taken into Consideration after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Februdrii. A. 1759.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 70 die Februarii;

Anno 32® Georgii IP1 Regis, 1759.

Prater s.

ADMIRAL Bofcaxam, from the Commissioners Milford for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral Harbour, of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrefsto his Majesty,

An Account of what has been done, since the 23d Day of January 1958, towards securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and towards providing a temporary Defence, for the Ships lying in the said Harbour, in purl nance of any Directions given by his Majesty, in consequence of the Address of the Honourable House of Commons to his Majesty in the Year 1757.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply.

Ways *nd Means.

Chappel

Bar

Roads.

Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order made this Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to New-haven, and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oakerthorpe, to Ashhorne, and from the Cross Prjl on Wirksworth Floor to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chappel-cn le-Frish, at or near Longs ton, in the County of Derby, and from Selfton to Annejley Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

« The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consider at ion.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were read a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Nicholas Bay ley have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Land-owners, in the County of Anglesea.

And the said Petition was read; alleging, That if the Bill, which the Petitioners observe is ordered to be brought for the free Importation of live Cattle from Ireland

from

Ireland*.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, Important* Commissioners of Supply, and Proprietors of Lands of Lall,c the County of Invernfifs, convened in a full Meeting, was presented to the House, and read; representing in what Manner the Bill, now depending for allowing the Importation of live Cattle from Ireland, will affect the Petitioners; and submitting the Consideration thereof, and thelnteretlof the Petitioners in thelflue of the said Bill, to the House.

A Petition of the underwritten Freeholders and Heritors of the County of Inverness was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the preceding Petition; and alleging, That the Petitioners are fenfihle of the many Inconveniencies, and great Injury, which

Pitta

in,

to Great Britain should pass into a Law, it would be attended with bad Consequences to the Petitioners and the general Landed Interest of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, for a Time to be limited, be lead a Second time.

must arise to North Britain in general, and to that County in particular, should the said Bill pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, foraTime to be limited, be readaSecond Time: And the Petitioners are then to be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, upon their said several Petitions, if they think fit.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Winchder Oxdown Gate, in Popham Lane, to the City of Winchester, &c.

and from the said City, through Hurjley, to Chandler's Road. Ford; and from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Ijongham Bridge and Winborne Minjier, in the County of Dorset; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Harry Powlet, Mr. Stanley, Admiral Bofcaivcn, Mr. Moore, "

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Probyn, Mr*

George Onslow, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Sandys,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. IIarbord, Mr. Calthorps, Mr. Townfe?id, S\r Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Harvey, M r. Funfit art, Mr. K en/,\Ir. Ryder, Lord Cary fort, Lord North,

Sir John Cust, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Gajhry, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lijler, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Willy, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Webb, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Lascelles,

Mr. Haldane, Mr. Delaval Junior, Mr. Smith, Mr:

Olmius, Mr. Affleck, Lord Verney, Mr. Nugent, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Penton, Mr. Yorket Mr. Trijf, Mr. I^owndes, Mr. Vyner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Berks,

Wilts*

Grantham

Roads.

Barton

Inclosure.

Totncfs

Road.

2 70 Februarii. 445

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a Sunning, Place called the Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Brae-know I, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Wale?', in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vanfit-tart, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mor-

daunt, Mr. Proxvfe, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Ridley, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Fiflier, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fellowcs,

Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Hume, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Bayn-tun, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Buller, Sir John Crqfle, Mr. Tho-roton, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fuller, Sir Henry Erjkinc, Mr.

Bagot, Sir John Turner, Mr. John Pitt, Sir John Glynne,

Mr. Fairfax, Lord North, Mr. Hanger, Mr Warren,

Mr. More, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Webb, Mr. AJJleck, Mr. Ward, Mr Fonereau, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Fox, Mr. Charles Townshend of Yarmouth, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys,

Sir Matthaw Lambe. Mr. Freeman, Sir William Codring-ton, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Morton, Mr. Amcotts, Mr.

Staunton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Surrey, Wilts, Southampton, and Bucks:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

32 Geo. II.

Wilts, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge; and from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to St. Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir John Cufi!, Lord Geo. Manners, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hewelt, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fellowes. Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mordavnt, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Northey, Mr. OJhaldeston, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. More, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Smith, Lord Egmont, Mr. PUmpire, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Prowje, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Harris, Mr. Lotcndes, Mr. Cocks, Mi*. Sandys, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Van-fdlart, Mr. Townshend, Sir Edmund 1/ham, Mr. Morton, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Symons, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Bankes, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Affleck, Lord Carysfart. Air. Hayward, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hume, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Haldane, Air Charlton, Air, Foley, Sir Geo. Yonge, Mr. Trijl y Mr. F[flier. Air. Montagu, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Tempefi, Mr. Norton; and all the Alembevs who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Derby, Leicester, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Air. Hcwctt p'refen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several open and common Fields, common Meadows, common Paliures, and common Grounds, in the Manor cr Lordship of Barton, otherwise 2tarl0/i in Fabis, in the several Parishes of Bar Lon and Clifton, intheCountyof Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Air. Trijl reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons of the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto fuberibed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Alatter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Air. Robert Hiixarn said, That the Hoad from YordClifford's Park Gate to a Place called Biddaford, leads through the lower Quarter of the Town of Totncfs; and that at present the said Road is very inconvenient, by reason of Part of a Me linage of small Value, which is supported by Two Pillars, and projects considerably into the high Road, and greatly obstruets the Passage of Carriages:

That, at a Place called Collins's Corner, within the said Town, Part of a Alefluage, in the Possession of the Reverend Lightfoot Gavericfc, projects eonfiderably into the high Road; and as the Road at that Place is very narrow, it is with the greatest Difficulty Carriages can pass by the said Alefluage; and the Witness said, he apprehended Mr. Gaverick would have no Objectionto lelling the said Alefluage, as the same has been untenanted for several Years.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the hollow Way on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, where the ExeterTurnpike Rdad ends, to a Place called Biddiford, in the County of Devon, That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, for taking down Two Messuages in the Town of Toiness, in the said County, or fuel) Parts thereof as shall be necessary to widen and render the said Road safe and commodious for Carriages and Passengers

Vol. 28.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, residing Lenton near, or usually travelling, the Roads from the Guide Road# Poll near certain Lands called the Abbey Lands, in the Parish of Lenton, through Beefion, Ch dwell, Toton, Long-Etlon, and Sawley, in the County of Nottingham, to Saw ley Ferry, was presented to the House, and read; al!eging, That the Petitionersohferve, that a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge; and from Chappel Bar, nearthe West End of the Town of Nottingham, to St. Alary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby: and setting forth, that the said Road from the Guide Post aforesaid to Sawley Ferry, is very ruinous and bad, and in several Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course provided by Law: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said Road, from the Guide Post aforesaid to Sawley Ferry, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear.to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew I, am be, Mr. Hewelt,

Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Trijl, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Bacon,

Air. Thoroton, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Oswald, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Olmius, Mr. More, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Forrcficr, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Stanley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Probyn, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Gqfliry,

Mr. Fuller, Sir Edmund IJliam, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Symons, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Affleck, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Crafiei', Mr. Bagot, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Vaughan; and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Debtor*. Majesty’s Prison of Newgate; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Ditto. Prison of the New Gaol, in the County of Surrey: and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in the Marshalsea Ditto. Prison;

5 X Were

44&

27° — 2 8° Februarii.

A.

759-

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: and praying Relief.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of info!vent Debtors.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornton, Mr Olmius, Mr. Come-zvall, and the Lord Mayor of London, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Importation The Order of the Day being read, for the Second of Cattle Reading of the Bill to permit the free Importation of Ireland. Cattle from Ireland, for a Time to be limited;

’And the House being informed, That no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second time.

A Motion was made, That the Bill be committed:

And a Debase arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Three Weeks;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the f£T J 68.

Tellers fortheNoes|j£ \*'Zton.} 9*-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Mr. Morton presented to the House, according to Barrington Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, called Little Barrington common Fields, and a Common or Wade, called the Dozens, within the Manor of Little Barrington, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been acquainted with the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Theu the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Road.

Ordered, That Lord Parker be added to the Commit- Winchester, tee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Ox dozen Gate in Popham Lane to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Hit?fey, to Chandlersford; and from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringzvood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winbome Minfer, in the County of Dorset; is committed.

Mercurii, 28° die Februarii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

Wye \ BILLforextendingandcontinuing the Navigation Navigation. jf \ of the River Wey, otherwise Wye, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Godalming, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. IVebb, Mr Geo. Onjloiv, Mr. Freeman, Lord Pulteney, Mr. Butler, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Cartzvright, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Page, Mr. Willes, Mr. Smith, Mr. West, Mr. Bond, Mr. Grenville, Mr. More, Mr. White, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. ¥ orh, Mr. FeHowes, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Probyn, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Harvey, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Thiflethwayie, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fuller, Lord Egmont, Mr. Thonilon, Mr. Edmund Nugent, Mr. Mabbott, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Charlton, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Aflley, Mr. Myd-dellon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Rofc Fuller, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Jones, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Brafcy, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Symons, Sir Robert Hild-yard, Mr. Morton, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Staunton, Lord Thomond, Mr, Pole, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Drake, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Willia?n Meredith, Mr. Venwn, Mr. Bankes, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Bud gen, Mr. Medly cot t, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Ridley*, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Suffer, and Soulhaznpton: And they #re to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

Coam’s Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom

Name. the Bill to enable John Coant Gentleman, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Wqkclin, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Alle-

Sir Lionel Pilkington presented to the House, accord- Dewfcurjr ing to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Dezvsbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee,-to Ajrreand whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants, and of N . w. the Owners and Occupiers of Floufes, Buildings, and Lands, within the Township of Wakefield, in the County Rates, of York,was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Richardson Warburton, being examined, said,

That the present Navigation of the River Colder begins-at Wakefield, and afterwards unites with the River Ayre.

To prove that the Navigation of the said Rivers Colder and Ayre is an Eft ate of Inheritance, an Act, pafi’ed in the 10th and 11 th Y"ear of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the making and keeping navigable the Rivers Aire and Calder, in the County of York, was read; by which Act several Persons therein named, One Half of which were Inhabitants of I.eeds, and the other Half Inhabitants of Wakefield, or the Neighbourhood thereof, and their Heirs and Aliigns, were apointed Undertakers for making the said Rivers navigable from Weeland up to the Towns of Leeds and Wakefield, and impowered to take the several Tolls and Duties therein mentioned: Then,

The said Mr. Warburton, being further examined, said.

That he lives at Leeds: That the Profits of the Navigation are alTefted there at £. 600 a Year: That he paid the Assessments from 1741 to 1751, as Agent to the Lessees of the Navigation; That the Navigation was af* sessed in the Parochial Assessments, and for the Highways

U,

32 Geo. II. 28° Februarii. 447

ways at £. 500 a Year at Leeds, and £. 600 a Year at Wakefield, but that now it is a!To assessed at £. 600 a Year at Leeds, and that those Assessments are now paid: That he paid the Assessments for what was called the Leeds Branch; and that these Assessments were called a Moiety at both Places, though in the Assessments it was only expressed for the Navigation:

That the Rent of the Navigation was paid by the Lessees, to the Proprietors of the Navigation, in equal Moieties, at Wakefield and Leeds:

That he has several times seen the Books of the Col-le6iions of the Lock Dues, and that it is always diltin-guished in such Books where the Boats come from; and that he has frequently seen the Boats passing and repairing upon the Rivers; and that more Tolls are taken in respect of the Boats passing to and from the Wakefield Branch than of those to and from the Leeds Branch: That One Moiety of those Tolls is taken at the Lock at Knot ling ley, and the other at Beale Lock, and that both these Locks are upon the united Stream; but that he did not include the Farmers Boats, for the Passage whereof noToll is paid; and that he could not tell which would produce most, if Toll was paid for those Boats.

He then produced several of the Town Books and Assessments for Wakefield, from the Year 1731 to the Year 1757, both inclusive; by which it appeared, that the Profits of the Navigation were assessed at, and paid for at £. 50 a Year, until the Year 1739, inclusive; and that the Navigation was assessed from the Year 1739 to 1757, both inclusive, at £. 600 per Annum; and all these Assessments are confirmed by Two Justices of the Peace.

In order to prove that Difficulties and Disputes have arisen for tome Years pair, with respect to the rating and recovering the Atfelfments for,or in respect to, the Recovery of One Moiety of the Profits of the Navigation to the Parochial Assessments to the said Town of Wakefield,

The said Mr. Warburton produced to your Committee, Copies of several Orders made at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York, in the 13th, 1.5th, 16th, and 17th, Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, upon Appeals of John Burton Esquire, on the behalf of himself and his Partners, Lessees of the said Navigation, against several Assessments made for the Relief of the Poor of the Township of Wakefield, in the said West Riding; whereby it appears.

That, on the 15th Day of April, in the 13th of his present Majesty’s Reign, the Assessment was confirmed: That, on the 8th Day of October, in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, by Consent. of the Parties, the Appeal was referred to certain Juliices of the Peace to hear and examine the same; and to make a general Regulation of the Assessment, if they should feeCatife; and to re port their Opinion thereupon to the next General Quarter Session; and that it was ordered, with the like Consent, that the Tax or Proportion, and Share, of the Assessment appealed against, payable by the Lessees for the Quarterly Payment due at or about Michaelmas 1743, should be the Sum of £. 10, and no more:

That on the 15th Day of July, in the 16th YTear of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Appeal was, with the Consent of the Parties, referred to several Persons to examine the Matter thereof; and to report to the next General Quarter Sessions their Opinions, what would be just and reasonable to be done in the Premifes; and that at the subsequent Quarter Sessions, on the 7th Day of October, it was ordered, that the Assessment, so far as it concerned the Navigation, be quashed; and that the Navigation should be for the future rated and assessed, towards the Relief of the Poor in the said Township, in the same Proportion and Manner, and no other, as an Estate in Land, within such Township, of the yearly Value of £. 100; and that at a subsequent Sessions, on the 6th Day of October, in the 1.7th Year of his Majes-Voi, 28.

ty’s Reign, it was ordered, that the Profits of the said Navigation should be assessed to Wakefield, in the same Proportion as an Estate in Land ofjf. 150 a Y'ear.

He also produced a Copy of an Order of the General Quarter Sessions, on the 15th January, in the 27th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, upon an Appeal of Thomas Wilfonnod Joseph A Ik inf012, Lessees of the present Navigation, against a like Assessment, when the like Order was made; which said Copies are hereunto annexed in the Appendix, N° 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6.

It appears, that the Assessment in 1752 was confirmed by John Burton and John Smith Esquires, Two Justices of the Peace.

And the said Mr. Warburton said. That those. Two Gentlemen were then Proprietors of the said Navigation.

It also appears, that the Assessment in 1750 was confirmed by Hemy Ibbctfon Esquire and Sir Rowland Winn Baronet.

And the said Mr. Warburton said, That the said Mr. Ibbetion (now Sir Heniy Ibbetfon Baronet) was not at that time, but is now, a Lefleeof the said Navigation.

It appears, that in the above Assessments, in t he Years 1750 and 1752, the Navigation was assessed at £. 600 per Annum, as it likewise was in the fe\e/al Years before-mentioned, when the said John Burton appealed against the said Assessments.

It being propofrd to read the Evidence given by Robert Hopkinfon, stated in a Report made to the House on t lie 21st of February 1743, from the Committee,- to whom the Petition of the Constable, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of Yoi k, was referred; '

The said Mr. Warburton laid, That he knew the said Hopkinfon, and that he is now dead.

Then the State of the said Evidence was read; and is as followelh; viz.

" Mr. Robert Hopkinfon, being examined, said, That " the principal Wharfs and Warehouses on the said " Rivers Air and Colder are at Leeds and Wakefield: " That there are several Locks upon the said Rivers, " but no Directions in the said Act of the 10th and nth " of King William, where the Duties shall be paid; and " that the greatest Part of the Profits of the said Navigation arise by Goods sent to and from the said Towns " of Wakefield and Leeds.

" Being alked, If there were no other Warehouses " upon the said Rivers, bolides those at Wakefield and " Leeds f lie said. There was One Warehouse, but no "Lock, at Razee life; but the Warehouse was Five " Miles below that Part of the River directed to be " made navigable by the said Act of the 10th and 1 ith c< of King William, the Navigation of which Part is and " always has been free.

" Being required to inform the Committee, what was " the Difference of the Profits of Goods coming down " from Wakefield and Leeds ? he said, He believed, " pretty equal, because the Rents reserved were equal u at both Places: That though the Exports of Woollen " Goods were greater at Leeds than at Wakefield, yet " the Quantities of Coals, Slates, and Flags, exported " from Wakefield, being much greater than from Leeds, " made the Profits pretty near equal.

" The said Witness further informed the Committee, " That, to Ins Know lege, the Profits of the Navigation " of the River Colder \vas been assessed to the Poor's Rate " of the Town of Wakefield, at 50 Pounds per Annum " for 20 Y'ears last pair, which is only after the Rale of " an Estate in Land of/.ico per Annum, and he believes " it has been so assessed ever lie.ee it was first let t.

" But about Four Years ago, the Inhabitants of " Wakefield, finding some Eft ales under-rated, fume " over-rated, and some not assessed at all, found it necessary to come to a Regulation of their Assessments; " upon which it was judged reasonable to raise the " Assessments of the Navigation proportionably to the " Increase of the Profits; and the same was accordingly

" rated

Ay re and Calder Navigation Parochial Rates.

44 8 280 Februarii. d. *759*

Ayre and u rated at £.500 a Year; which the Proprietors of the Caldfcr said Navigation refused to pay, though the Rent of ^Parochial* " that Moiety was then £. 1,600 a Year.

Rates. " In consequence of which Refusal, the Assessment, " upon an Appeal, was confirmed by the Justices " at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, " and a Demand made by the proper Officers of " the Town; which the Navigators ltill refuting to " pay, a Distress was made for it, and an Action " of Replevin was thereupon brought by the Navigators which Action was tried at the Assizes a York <s Years ago, and the Verdi ft found

" thereupon was speciai.

" Being asked, If he had a Copy of the speciai <c Verdict

" He said, He had the Minutes; which were produced, " and read to the Committee; and are as followeth; viz. " Yorkshire,fi\ At the Assizes the 9th Day of March " 1740:

" Burton Esquire, and others, 1

" against > In Replevin;

u Hall, and others, — j "We find the Assessuient made for the Town of " Wakefield \x\ Three Divisions, prout which Assessment was confirmed at the proper Sessions, upon Appeal of " the now Plaintiffs.

" We find the Warrant prout and the Demand of, " and Refusal to pay, the £.45 mentioned in the said " Assessment, and Warrant; and that the Demand was " made upon Burton only.

" We find, that, at the time of making the said " Assessment, John Burton resided in the Township or " Parish of Wakefield:

" That George Dover, John Douglas, and Joseph Atkinfon, resided in other Parishes; and that they, together with the said Mr. Burton, are joint Lpffees of the " Navigation upon the Rivers Aire and Calder, and are " intitled to the Profits arising therefrom, and to the " Locks, Wharfs, and Warehouses, thereunto belonging, " at the yearly Rent of £. 3,200:

" That the Navigation of the said Two Rivers extends " from Weland to CajUeforth, being 19 Miles, and leads " through the several Parishes of " and

" from Cajlleforth to Leeds, being Twelve Miles, and of leading through the several Parishes of

c<

" and from Cajlleforth aforesaid unto the Township of " Wakefield aforesaid, within the Parish of Wakefield, " being Nine Miles, and leading through the several " Parishes of

" That, within the said Township of Wakefield, the principal Warehouse and Wharf, for the Ule of the " said Navigation, were erected, with Three or Four " Dwelling-houses, which Dwelling-houses are lett at M £. 10 yearly Rent:

‘‘ That there are also erected upon the said Rivers, for " the Use of the said Navigation, Seventeen Locks in the respective Parishes of

" and a Wharf and

" Warehouse at Brother ton Marsh, in the said Parish of " Br other ton, Eight Miles from Wakefield, and also a u Staith or Wharf in the Township of Haddlefey, 12 " Miles difiant from the Parish of Wakefield; at which " said several Locks at Knott ingl j and Beale (both which " are upwards of 12 Miles distant from the Parish of " Wakefield), Tolls and Duties arising by the said Navigation are taken as well as at Leeds and Wakefield.

" We find, that the Defendants acted as Overseers of " the Poor for the Township of Wakefield.

" We find, that ever since the said Rivers were made " navigable, until November last, the Owners and Occupiers of the said Navigation have been assessed to the " Poor Rate for the Township of Wakefield, as for an " Estate not exceeding the Value of £. 50 per Annum, " which Sum hath been accordingly paid.

" We find all other Matters necessary to bring the u Right in queliion; and if for the Plaintiffs, for the

" Plaintiffs Damages 12 d. Costs 40 s.; and if for the " Defendants, for the Defendants Damages 12 d. Costs

<c 40 5*.

" If any Dispute, Me. to be referred to the Judge of ct Assize.

" T his is a true Copy.

" Thomas Paine., T. Bootle, for Plaintiffs.

" Associate, Ed. Bootle, for Defendants.

" And the Witness further informed your Committee, " That the said Minutes had been laid before 1 wo cminent speciai Pleaders, who, through the Intricacy of " the Affairs, were unable to draw up a Verdict.

" Being asked, If the Navigation of the Rivers Air " and Calder, were feperately lett? he laid, The said " Navigation was lett in One Lease at £.3,200 a Year; " One Moiety whereof is reserved payable at Wakefield, " and the other at Leeds."

Then Part of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1709; and also Part of an Act, passed in the 31st Year of his pre-. lent Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1758; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be assessed upon Somerset House in the Strand; were read; whereby it isdirefted, that the Profits of the Navigation of the Rivers Caider and Aire, in the West. Riding of the County of York> shall be assessed and paid. One Moiety thereof at the Town of Wakefield, and the other Moiety at the Town of Leeds, and not el few here.

Then there was produced toy our Committee, a Paper, in Writing, (kited the 23d Day of March 1758, purporting to be a conditional Agreement, under the Mediation of Sir John Turner, Sir George Met ham, Mr. Ridley, and Mr. Wilkinson, signed L. Pilkington, J. Roebuck, Peter Birt, John Millies, Allan JohnJbu, Francis Maude, W711. Beatjbn, Tho. Wilfim (whose Subscriptions thereto was proved by Mr. Samuel Harper), for settling a Satisfaction for the Arrears of the Parochial Assessments due to the said Town of Wakefield, for One Moiety of the Profits of the said Navigation; and for settling in what Manner and Proportion such Moiety should for the future be assessed to the said Town, and for an Application to Parliament for an Act for that Purpose.

And a Paper, dated 27th of March 1758, was also produced^ purporting to be the Consent of the Inhabitants of Wakefield, assembled at a public Meetiing, to the Terms of Agreement above-mentioned; and several of the Names subscribed to such Paper were proved by Mr. Thomas Marfden to be the Hand-writing of Inhabitants of the Town of Wakefield; Copies of which Papers are hereunto annexed in the Appendix, N° 7 and 8.

Appendix, N° 1.

West Riding of 1 At the General Quarter Sessions of the Yorkshire; to r Peace of the Lord the King, holden wit, J at Pontefract, in and for the said

Riding, on Tuefduy, in the First Week after the Clofe of Easter, to wit, the Fifteenth Day of April, in the Thir-teenth Year of the Reignof our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, SCc. before William Wrightson Esquire, Sir Walter Calverley, Sir John Kaye, Sir Rowland Winn, Sir William Loxvther, Baronets, Francis Barlow, Robert Milford, Robert Pock-ley, John Burton, JohnSutheron, William Slither on, Bryan Cook, GodfreyWentworth, Henry Hitch, Richard Frank, William Thornton, William Radctijfe, William Medhurjt, Esquires, Cavendish Nevile, and Charles Zouch, Clerks, Justices of the Peace there. Sic.

Upon hearing the Appeal of JohnBurton Esquire, on behalf of himself’ and his Partners, Lcffees of the Navigation of the Rivers Aire and Calder, against an Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor of the Township of Wakefield, in the said Riding; it jsordered, that the said Assessment,

as

32 Geo. II.

8° Februar

449

as tb the Navigation upon the River Calder, be confirmed.

By the Court.

Tint Pulleyn, Clerk Of the Peace for the said Riding:

N° 2.

West Riding ofj At the General Quarter Sessions of the Yorkshire; to> Peace of the Lord the King, holden at wit:,) Kn are/borough, in and for the W^ft

Riding of the County of York, on Tuesday the Sixth Day of October, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and I reland, King, Defender of the Faith, Yr. Before Andrew Will: injon, Henry Thompjbn, Haworth Cur rev, William Thornton, Esquires, Matthew Hutton, Doctor in Divinity, and others their Fellows, Justices of the said Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King, in the said West Riding of the said County; and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Misdemeanours, committed within the Riding aforesaid; that same Sessions of the Peace is adjourned by the Justices aforesaid, and others their Fellows as aforesaid, until Thursday the Eighth Day of the said Month of October, in the Year aforesaid, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day, to he holden at Leeds, in and for the Riding aforesaid, to do farther as the Court there shall consider, SCc. And on the said Thursday, the Eighth Day of October aforesaid, the same General Quarter Sessions of the Peace is holden, by the Adjournment aforesaid, at Leeds aforesaid, in and for the said Riding, before Richard Wilton Efpuire, the Right honourable Henry Lord Viscount Irvin, Sir 1 Valter Calverley, Sir William Lowther. Baronets, John Burton Esquire, Cavendish Nevile, and Henry Wickham, Clerks, and others their Fellow Justices of our said Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King, in the Riding aforesaid, and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Misdemeanours, committed within the said Riding; at which said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, continued and holden by the Adjournment aforesaid, at Leeds aforesaid, in and for the said Riding, on the said Thursday the Eighth Day of October aforesaid, in the Year aforesaid, before the Justices last-named, and others their Fellows as aforesaid;

It is ordered, by Con lent of Parties, upon the Appeal of John Burton Esquire, on the behalf of himself, and his Partners, Lessees of the Navigation upon the River Calder, in t he said Riding, against an Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor of the Township of Wakefield, in the said Riding, which Appeal Hands respited to this Sessions, that it be referred to his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said Hiding, present at this Sessions, and to all other his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace acting within the Weapontake of Aybrigg and Motley, in the same Riding, not a lie (fed, or otherwise interested or concerned, either directly or indirectly, in or by the said Assessment, or the Matter of the said Appeal, and to any Four or morn of such Justices, to hear and fully examine into the said Complaint, and to make a general Regulation of the said Assessment, if they shall fee Cause; and the said Justices, who shall meet for this Purpose, and act therein, are hereby deli red to reporttheirOpinion,how the Matter, upon fuchExamination and Inquiry,appeared to them, and what they think will be just and reasonable to be done in the Premises, together with an Assessment so regulated, to the next general Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said Riding, by Adjournment, at Wakefield, in order that such Report may be ratified, if that Court shall think tit, and the said Appeal finally determined, or that Inch other Order may be taken in the Premises as shall by that Court be thought fitting and reasonable: And it is further ordered, by and with the like Confetti: as aforesaid, that the Tax, or Proportion and Share of the said Assessincut appealed against, pay-

VCL. 28.

able by the said John Burton, and his said Partners and joint Lessees, for the Quarterly Payment due at or about Michaelmas last, be the Sum of Ten Pounds, and no more.

By the Court,

Tho* P alley n, Clerk of the Peace for the said Riding.

... . , . N-3.

West Riding of} At the General Quarter Sessions of the Yorkshire; to > Peace of the Lord the King, holdeii wit:,) at Skipfon9 in and for the said Riding,

on Tuesday the 13th Day of July, in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Ford George the Second^ by the Grace of Gpd, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, Stic, before Haworth Currer and William Bawdwen Esquires, and others their Fellows, Justices of our said Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King, in the Riding aforesaid, and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Misdemeanours, committed within the Riding aforesaid, that same Sessions of the Peace i3 adjourned by the Justices aforesaid, and others their Fellows as aforesaid, until Thief day the Fifteenth Day of the said Month of July, in the Year aforesaid, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day, to be holden. at Bradford, in and for the Riding aforesaid, to do farther as the Court there shall consider, &Y. and on the said Thursday, the Fifteenth Day of July aforesaid, the same General Quarter Sessions of the Peace is holden, by the Adjournment aforesaid, at Bradford aforesaid, in and for the said Riding, before Sir John Lifter Kaye, Sir Waller Calverley, Baronets, John Burton, Henri) Hitch, Richard Gilpin Sazvrey, William Radcliff, Henry Ibbetfon, Esquires, and Cavendish Nevile Clerk, Justices of our said Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King, in the Riding aforesaid, and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Midemean-ours, committed within the said Riding; at which said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, continued and holden, by the Adjournment aforesaid, at Bradford aforesaid, in and for the said Riding, on the said Thursday the Fifteenth Day of July aforesaid, in the Year aforesaid, before the justices last-named as aforesaid, it is ordered as follows; viz.

Upon the Appeal of John Burton Esquire, on the behalf of himself and his Partners, Lessees of the Navigation upon the River Calder in the said Riding, against an Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor of the Township of Wakefield, in the said Riding, it is ordered, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Mr. Burton, and of Counsel on both Sides, that it be referred to Sir John Iafter Kaye, Sir Walter Calverley, Baronets, Henry Hitch, William Radcliff, and Richard Gilpin Saw-rey (all in the Title of this Order named), and to any Three of them, to hear and fully examine into the said Complaint; and the said Referrees, or such of them as shall meet and act, from time to time, for the Purpose aforesaid, are hereby desired to report how the Matter, upon such Examination and Inquiry, appeared to them, together with their Opinion, what they think will be just and reasonable to be done in the Premises, unto the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said Riding, by Adjournment, at I^eeds, in order that the said Appeal may be, by the said Court last mentioned, finally determined, or such Order taken upon the said Report as shall, by the same Court, be. thought fitting and reasonable.

By the Court.

Thomas Pulleyn, Clerk of the Peace for the said Riding.

N° 4.

West Riding of At the General Quarter Sessions of the Yorkshire; to> Peace of the Lord the King, holden. Wit: J at Knave/borough, in and for the said

Riding, on Tuesday the Fifth Day of October, in the Six-5 Y teenth

i^ire and CaUjer Navigation Parochial Ratts.

45& a8° Februariu A. 1759.

Aire and teeiUh Vear of the Reign of the Lord George the Second, Odder by the Qrace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Parochial1 Ireland* King, Defender of the Faith, (s?c. before An-Rates.* drew WilkinJ'on and William Thornton Esquires, and others their Fellows, Justices of our said Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King, in the said Riding, and also to hear and determinedivers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Misdemeanours, committed within the Riding aforesaid, that same Sessions of the Peace is adjourned by the Justices aforesaid, and others their Fellows as aforesaid, until Thitrfday the Seventh Day of the said Month of OBober, in the Year aforesaid, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day, to be holden at Leeds in and for the Riding aforesaid, to do farther as the Court there dial] consider, Me.; and 011 the said Thursday, the Seventh Day of October aforesaid, the same General Quarter Sessions of the Peace is holden, by the Adjournment aforesaid, at Leeds aforesaid, in and for the said Riding, before John Burl on E (quire, Sir Walter Calverley, Sir William Lowther, Baronets, William Medhurfi, William Radcliff, Esquires, and Henry Wickham Clerk, Justices of our said Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said hbiiv the King, in the^iding aforesaid, and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespaifes, and other Misdemeanours, committed within the said Riding; at which said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, continued and holden, by the Adjournment aforesaid, at Leeds aforesaid, in and for the said Riding* on the said Thursday the Seventh Day of October nfore-said, in the Year aforesaid, before the Justices last named as aforesaid, it is ordered as follows; viz.

Upon the farther and full Hearing of the Appeal of John Burton, Esquire, on the behalf of himself and his Partners, Lessees of the Navigation upon the River Colder, in the said Riding, again# an Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor of the Township of Wakefield, in the said Riding, it is ordered, that the said Assessment, so far as it concerns the said Navigation, or the said Lessees, be qtiaflied; and that the said Navigation, and the Profits thereof, or the said Lessees in respefr of the fame, be for the future rated and assessed towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Township, such Sum and Sums, and in the same Proportion and Manner, and no other, as an Estate in Land within the said Township, of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or the Owners and Occupiers thereof, in respect of such Ellate, is or are, or shall be, assessed for and upon the same Occasion.

By the Court.

Tho\ Pulleyn, Clerk of the Peace for the said Riding.

N* 5.

West Riding of} At the General Quarter Sessions of the Yorkjlnre; to > Peace of the Lord the King, holden wit: at Knar e(borough, in and for the said

Riding, on Tuesday the Fourth Day of October, in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &'c. before Andrew Wilkinson and William Thornton Esquires, and others their Fellows, Justices of our said Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King, in the Riding aforesaid, and also to hear and determinediversFelonieSjTrefpafles, and other M if-derneanours, committed within the Riding aforesaid, that same Sessions of the Peace is adjourned by the Justices aforesaid, and others their Fellows as aforesaid, until Thursday the Sixth Day of the said Month of October, in the Year aforesaid, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day, to be holden at Leeds in and for the Riding aforesaid, to do farther as the Court there shall consider, &'c.; and on the said Thursday the Sixth Day of October aforesaid, the same General Quarter Sessions of the Peace is holden, by the Adjournment aforesaid, at Leeds aforesaid, in and for the said Riding, before John Burton Esquire, Sir William Lewder Baronet, Henry /6-18

betfon, William Medhurfi, George Netthorp, William Rad-cl(ff,junior, Esquire, Cavendish Nevile and Charles Zouch Clerks, Justices of our said Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our fa i d Lord th eK i ng i n 11 ie R id i n g a f b rtTa id, and also to hearanddeterminedivers Felonies, Trespasses* and other Misdemeanours, committed within the said Riding; at which laid General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, continued and holden, by the Adjournment aforesaid, at Leeds aforesaid, in and for the said Riding, on the said Thursday the Sixth Day of October aforesaid, in 4he Year aforesaid, before the Justices last named as aforesaid.

Upon the Appeal of John Burton Esquire, on behalf of hirnfelf and his Partners, Lessees of the Navigation upon the River Calder, in the said Riding, again!! an Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor of the Township of Wakefield, in the said Riding, it is ordered, that the said Navigation, and the Profits thereof, or the said Lessees in respect of the fame, be for the future rated or assessed, towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Township, such Sum and Sums, and in the same Proportion and Manner, and no other, as an Estate in Land within, the said Township, of the yearly Value of One hundred and Fifty Pounds, or the Owners or Occupiers of such Estate is or are, or shall be, assessed for and upon the same Occasion.

By the Court.

Titos. Pulleyn, Clerk of the Peace for the said Riding.

N#6.

West Riding of* At the General Quarter Sessions of the Yorkshire; to> Peace of the Lord the King, holden wit: y at Wether by, in and for the West

Riding of the County of York, on Tuesday the Fifteenth Day of January, in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God, o(Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.; before Andrew IV 11-kinfon, William Thornton, Henry Hitch, Esquires,. and: Richard Thompson, Clerk, Justices of our said Lord the* King, assigned to keep the Peace of our laid Lord the King, in the West Riding of the said County, and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Misdemeanours, committed within the Riding aforesaid, that same Sessions of the Peace is adjourned, by the Justices aforesaid,until Thursday the Seventeenth Day of the said Month of January, in the Year aforesaid, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day, to be holden at Wakefield, in and for the Riding aforesaid, to do farther as the Court there shall consider, 8Cc.; and on the said Thursday, the Seventeenth Day of January aforesaid, the same General QuarterSef-’ fions of the Peace is holden,by the Adjournment aforesaid, at Wakefield aforesaid, in and for the said Riding, before Sir George Dalfion Baronet, Henri) Hitch, William Rad-cliff', and John Smyth, Esquires, Samuel Lifer Esquire, and William Lamplugli Clerk, and others their Fellows, Justices of our said Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King, in the Riding aforesaid, and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Misdemeanours, committed within the said Riding; at which said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, continued and holden, by the Adjournment aforesaid, at Wakefield aforesaid, in and for the said Riding, on the said Thursday the Seventeenth Day of January aforesaid, in the Year aforesaid, before the Justices last named, and others their Fellows as aforesaid, it is ordered as follows; to wit;

Upon the farther Hearing of the Appeal of Thomas Wilson and Joseph AtkinJ'on Gentlemen, Lessees of the Navigation upon the River Calder, in the said Riding, again!! an Assessment madeforthe Relief of the Poor of the Township of Wakefield, in the said Riding, it is ordered, that the said Navigation, and the Profits thereof,or the said Lessees in respect of the fame, be for the future rated or. assessed towards the.Relief of the Poor of the said Township,

32 Geo. II.

8° FehrUa

45i

ship, such Sum and Sums, and rn the same Proportion and Manner, and no other, as an Estate in Land* within the said Towidhip, of the yearly Value of One hundred and Fifty Pounds, or the Owners or Occupiers of such Estate, is or are, or ilia.il be, assessed for and upon the same Occasion.

By the Court.

Titos. Pulleyn, Clerk of the Peace for the said Riding.

The present Lessees of the Navigation upon the Rivers A[re and Cqlder are to pay to Mr. John Milnes, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wakefield, One hundred Pounds, upon the First Day of May next, in full of all Arrears of Parochial Assessments due to the Town of Wakefield during such time as Mr. Thomas Wilfunand Mr. Joseph Atkinjhn have been joint Lessees of the said Navigation, until the Expiration of their present Lease, which will end in or about November next; and from that time, when the Rent of the said Navigation will be Six thou fund Pounds a Year, the Lessees are to pay for One Moiety thereof at Wakefield, according to the Rule laid down by the Land Tax A&; and for the said Wakefield Moiety they are only to pay, in respect thereof, for One third of such Moiety, viz. One thousand Pounds a Year, which is after the Rule of afleffingand paying for Houfos in the said Town of Wakefield, and so according to that Proportion for all Time to come, whether the Rents and Profits of the said Navigation shall rife higher or fall lower, the Assessments of the Town of Wakefield to be regulated, and all Estates therein to be assessed, according to their present rezil Value and Estates in Land, to pay for One Half of such real Value and Houses, for One Third of such real Value, according to the Rule there observed; and all Stocks and personal Estates within the said Township of Wakefield to be assessed according to Law, and paid for at One Third of the Value: It is also agreed, that an Application be made to Parliament for a Bill to fix the Assessments of the Profits of the said Navigation, to be made and col-Je6led at the Towns of Leeds and Wakefield only, in Conformity to the Method laid down in the Land Tax A#s.

We, whose Names are subscribed, agree to the Terms above-mentioned, under the Mediation of Sir John Turner, Sir George Meiham, Mr. Ridley, and Mr. Wilkinson; but the same is not to be binding, unless Sir William Milner, Richard Wilfun Esquire, and Robert Denison Esquire, Three of the Proprietors of the said Navigation, and who are now Trustees for the Management thereof, and Sir Henry Ibbefjbn, One of the Lessee^ thereof in Reversion, and a Meeting of the Inhabitants of Wakfield, shall ponfent thereto within Seventeen Days from this Date. Puled the 23d March 1758.

L. Pilkingf.on, J. Roebuck,

Peter Birt, John Milnes,

Alan Johnson, Francis Maude,

Wm. Bcatfon, Tho. Wilson.

N° 3.

The present Lefieesof the Navigation upon the Rivers Aire and Calder are to pay to Mr. John Mtines, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wakefield, One hundred Pounds upon the First Day of May next, in full of all Arrears of Parochial Assessments due to the Town of Wakefield during such Time as Mr. Thomas Wilson and Mr. Joseph Alkinjbn have been joint Lessees of the said Navigation, until the Expiration of their present Lease which will end in or about November next; and from that time, when the Rent of the said Navigation will be Six thousand Pounds a Year, the Lessees are to pay for One Moiety thereof at Wakefield, according to the Rule laid down by the Land Tax Act; and for the said Wakefield Moiefy they are only to pay, in respect thereof, for One Third of such Moiety, viz. One thousand Pounds a Year, which is after the Rule ofafiefiing and paying for Houses in the said Town of Wake-Vol. 28.

field, and so according to that Proportion for all Time to come, whether the Rents and Profits of t.he said Navigation shall rife higher, or fall lower: The Assessments of the Town of Wakefield to be regulated, and all Estates therein to be assessed, according to their present real Value; and Estates in Land to pay for One Half of such real Value, and Houses for One Third of such real Value, according to the Rule there observed; and all Stocks and personal Estates within the said Township of Wakefield to be assessed according to Law, and paid for at One Third of the Value: It is also agreed, that an Application be made to Parliament for a Bill to fix the Assessments of the Profits of the said Navigation, to be made and collected at the Towns of Leeds and Wake-field only, in Conformity to the Method laid down in the Land Tax Acts.

We, whose Names are subscribed, agree to the Terms above-mentioned, under the Mediation of Sir John Turner , Sir George Metham, Mr. Ridley, and Mr. Wilkinson; but the faine are not to be binding, unless Sir William Milner, Richard Wilson Esquire, and Robert Denison Esquire, Three of the Proprietors of the said Navigation, and who are now Trutiees for the Management thereof, and Sir Henry Ibbetfon, One of the Lessees thereof in Reversion, and a Meeting of the Inhabitants of Wakefield, shall consent thereto within 17 Days from this Date, dated the 23d of March 1758.

Signed, L. Pilkington, J. Roebuck,

Peter Birt, J. Milnes,

Alan Johnson, Francis Maude,

Wm. Bcatfon, Tho. IVif on.

The 27th Day of March 1758.

At a Meeting of the Inhabitants of Wakefield, aflera-bled in the Cross Chamber there, pursuant to public Notice given in Wake field Church, on Sunday the 26th Day of March instant, the Terms or conditional Agreement entered into by Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. John Milnes, Mr Alan JohuJonfiAv- F rancis Maude, and Mr. William Reatfon, bn behalf of the said Inhabitants of Wakefield, with John Roebuck Esquire, Mr. Peter Birt, and Mr. Thomas Wiljbn, relating to the Assessments of the said Town, and other Matters therein mentioned: a true Copy of which Terms or Agreements, written on the other Side of this Paper, were unanimously consented and agreed to Witness our Hands,

//. Green, Dan, Maude, J. Cookfon, J. Ridsdale,

Hen. Shawe, Tho. Gill, Pemb. Milnes, Jno. Buxton, Tho. Holme, Ro. Steer, James Milnes, John Milnes, Ro. Milnes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better ascertaining the Proportion in which the Profits of the Navigation of the Rivers Aire and Calder shall be assessed to the Parochial Rates of the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Rose Fuller, and Mr. Ridley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Bridgman, be added to tl\e Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for the inclosing and dividing certain Commons or Waste Grounds, called Redness and Sivinejleet Pastures, in the County of York, is committed.

A Petition of the Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, Land-owners, Occupiers of Estates, and other Inhabitants, of the several Townships, Hamlets, Parishes, and Places of Newent, P aunt ley, Taynton, Oxenhall, Dimock, Kcmpley, Highleadon, Upleadon, Preston, in the County of Gluucester, was prefen ted to the House, and read; representing to the House several Hardships which the Petitioners allege they labour under, and are subject to, by an Act of thelaftSession,to render more effectual the several Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of thepublicHighwaysandTurnpike Roads of this Kingdom, it being, as the Petitioners allege, im-

possible

Aire and Calder Navigation Parochial Rates.

Redneft and Sv. inefleet Inclosure.

General

Turnpike

Arts.

452 28° Februarii., A. 1759*

possible to use Waggons with Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches, on the Roads in the said several Parishes and Places, or effectually to repair the fame, for want of Materials, so as to draw a Waggon, or ot her Carriage, with a very small Weight, with Four Horses: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bathwicke Mr. Prozcfe reported from the Committee, to whom the Lane. Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Bathzvicke, near the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them fe Ives, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, impowered to carry into Execution an Act, of the 30th Year of his present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in and near the City of Bath, and so forth; were Severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

An Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was read, for repairing several Roads near the City of hath; and also another Act, of the Thirtieth Year of his present Majesty*£ Reign, for the Preservation of public Highways and Turnpike Roads; were read: And,

Richard Hclfon, being examined, laid, That the Village of Bathwicke lies about Haifa Mile from the City of Bath, and the only Road is through Bathwicke Lane, which is near Haifa Mile long, and from thence on the Turnpike Road near Two Furlongs:

That the Inhabitants of the said Village carry the Produce of their Gardens, and other Grounds, to the said City, and bring from thence moll of the Dung and Soil used for manuring their Gardens and Grounds:

That the said Lane is so very ruinous and narrow, that it is impossible to, pass the same with broad Wheels, and sometimes very difficult for narrow Wheels: ThataTurnpike being placed between the End of the said Lane and the City of Bath, the Inhabitants of the said Village (being under a Necessity of using narrow Wheels) are not only obliged to pay One Half more than the usual Tolls, but are also deprived of all the Exemptions in the said first-mentioned Act:

That it would be a great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Village, if the said Lane were repaired and widened, but that it cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law.

In Support of the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Isaac Dodjley, being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Bath to Bradford, on the Top of Munition Hill, and also the Road from the London Road at the North End of Walcot Church-yard to the Landfdown Road are at present very ruinous, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being:

- That if the said Roads were repaired, it would be a great Advantage to the Public, as by that means all the Turnpike Roads round the City of Bath would be united.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 30th Yreav of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdozen Hill and the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways therein mentioned leading to the said City; and also for repairing several other Roads

therein mentioned; and for repairing the Road from the Six Mile Stone, in the Parish of Camerton, to the fVhile Post in the Parish of Mid famine r Norton; and from the Cross Post in the Parish of Newton St. Loc, to the Kelfton Road in the Parish of West on; That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Bath to Bradford, on the Top of MunSlon Hill, in the Parish of Munclon Combe, to the Cross Road leading to Entry Hill; and also the Lane called Bathzvicke Lane, leading from Bathwicke, into the Turnpike Road leading from Claverton, alias Clarion Dozen, to Bath.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clave ring, Mr. Crafter} Mr. Sunderland FrancisDelaval, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Rojfc Fuller, ryrc*

be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the 20th Y^ear of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the several other Commissioners named and appointed by and in pursuance of the said Act; and also of the Coal Owners and Coal Fitters interested in the Navigation of the said River, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Masters of Ships, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, in and near the Town of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; are referred.

Mr. Vynev reported from the Committee, to whom Fillingham the Bill for dividing and inclosing several common Fields Iodosure. and Grounds within the Manor of Fillingham, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ngrossed.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner, Mr. Powell, be added Stort to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Navigation. River Stort navigable, in the Counties of Hertford and Eft'cx, from the new Bridge in vthe Town of Bishops Stortford, into the River Lee, at or near a Place called Rye, in the County of Hertford, is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Cooke’s resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon D*vorcc-the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Cooke Esquire with Svfan-nah Cooper his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to aiu*Means* co nfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup-ply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Resolution of this

House,

32 Geo. II. 28° Februarii. — 1° Martii. 453

House, of the 3d Day of this instant February, for raising the Sum of £.6,600,000, by Annuities and a Lottery, in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Refutation; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mi. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

' The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Cooke’s The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Divorce, whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Cooke Esquire with Susannah Cooper his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thornton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thornton reported from the Committee, That they bad heard Counsel and Evidence for the ?ill, and that no Counsel or Party appeared against the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

y ovtSyi® die Martii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759. Prayers.

Wttloughby QIR Charles Mor daunt reported from the Committee, Aclosure. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosi ng the

common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, and common Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Willoughby, in the County of Warwick, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ingrossed.

Great Glen An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure. open and common Fields in Great Glen, in the County of Leicester, called the Nether or South End Fields, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields in Great Glen, in the County of Leiceder, Vol. 28.

called the Nether or South End Fieldsy and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

Ordered, That the Lord George Manners do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Chappel Bar Roads from Chappel Bar, near the Well End of the koadi Town of Nottingham, to Newhaven, and from the Four Lane Ends near Oakerthorpe, to Ashborne, and from the.

Cross Pojt on Wirksworth Moor to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chappel-cn-lc-frit/i at or near Longfiton, in the County of Derby; and from Selfton to Annejley Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Chappel Bary near the Well End of the Town of Nottingham, to Newhaven, and from the Four Lane Ends near Oakerthorpe to Ashbome, and from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor to join the Hoad leading from Chesterfield to Chappel-cn-le-frith at or near Longstony in the County of Derby; and from Sclston to Annefey Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Jennings presented to the House, according to Lee Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Navigation* Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Leey from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Warey in the County of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware to the new Cut or River made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of London y and for enabling the Governor and Company of the new River better to supply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, with good and wdiolefome Water: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House was moved. That so much of an Act, Exportation made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An of Corn, arc. Act to continue for a farther Time the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit and Starch; and also to continue for a farther Time the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit for a limited Time the making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran $ as relates to the Continuance of the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Bifcui and Starch; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Continuance of the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

Ordered, That it bean Instiuftion to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Bounties which would be payable, after the Expiration of the said Act, upon the Exportation of any of the said Commodities.

An ingrossed Bill to enable John Coant Gentleman, Coant’s and his Ilfue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Name! Wakelin, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Count Gentleman, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Wakelin.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, imror^tion Justices of the Peace, and Land-owners, of the County of Sutherlandy in behalf of themselves, and others. Inha- from Ireland.

5 Z bitants

1

454 i0 Martii. A. 1759.

bitants of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is brought in to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland; which, if it pass into a Law, the Petitioners allege, will greatly tend not only to the Hurt and Prejudice of the said County, but of most of the Count ies in that Part of the united Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises under Consideration; and that this Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard by their Counfe).

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

Schombart’s, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act *c* for naturalizing Cof par Sc horn bar t, John Spitta, Gyjbert

at' Van Vaorjl, Frederick de Chevrigny, Conrad Hark fen, Christopher Strothoff, and Jasper Laurence Richter, without any Amendment: And also,

Southwark The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

nu cots. to CXp]ajn and amend an Act, passed in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of Saint Saviour, Saint Man) at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondfcij, Christ Church, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at. Rotherhith, in the County of Surrei), and the several Precincts and Liberties of the fame; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act to such Part of t he Eallem Half of the Hundred of Britton, in the said County, as is not included in the said Act; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the gross Receiptsand Payments, and net Produce, of the Duties on Sugar, from Michaelmas 1738 to Michaelmas 1758; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the annual Amount of Drawbacks upon raw Sugars, and Bounties upon refined Sugars, re-exported, from Michaelmas 1738 to Michaelmas 1758; distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Prowse presented to the House, according to . Bath Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effec- Road8, tual, the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, pafifed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kings dozen Hill and the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways therein mentioned, leading to the said City, and also for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing the Road from the Six Mile Stone in the Parish , of Camerton to the White Poll in the Parish of Midfum-mer Norton, and from the Cross Port in the Parish of Newton St. I.joe to the Kelfton Road, in the Parish of Weston; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Bath to Bradford, on the Top of Mundton HiU, in the Parish of Munson Combe, to the Cross Road leading to Entry Hill; and also the Lane called Bathwicke Lane, leading from Bathzoicke into the Turnpike Road leading from Claverton alias Clarion Dowu to Bath: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ways Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Subscribers to the Sum of Six millions Six hundred thousand Pounds, which was to be raised by Annuities and a Lottery, pursuant to the Resolution of this House, of the 3d Day of February 1759, be allowed Interest after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, from the 5th Day of January 1759 to the 5th Day of July 1759, upon the said Sum of £. 6,600,000, and also upon the additional Capital of £. 5 per Centum, amounting to £. 330,000, making, in the Whole,

£. 6,930,000; and that the Payment of such Interest shall be charged upon the same Fund as the Annuities mentioned in the said Resolution of the 3d Day of February 1759, with the like collateral Security.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution which, upon Saturday the 3d Day of February last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution this Day reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and which hath been agreed to by the House.

Accounts Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-of Sunar. count of the Number of Hogstieads of Sugar, and their Weights, imported into this Kingdom,from Michaelmas 1738 to Michaelmas 1758, and how much of the said Sugars have been re-exported; distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Thijlletlizvayte reported from the Committee, to Bishop’« whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open Waltham arable Fields and Downs in the Manor of Bishop's Wal- nc 0 urc’ tham, in the County of Southampton, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of about 71 Acres, who had all been applied to but One (who was disordered in his Senses) and refused to sign the Bill, but said they would not oppose it; and that the whole Ground intended to be inclosed consists of upwards of 461 Acres; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Amcotts reported from the Committee, to whom Lincolnihire the Bill to continue, amend, and make effectual, an Act, Roadi. passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North West Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds or North Fall Part of the said County; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from the Well in East Gate, in the City of Lincoln, and from the North West End of Horn Castle, and from the Guide Post at the East End of Hainlon, through Barkivith, to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The

3 2 Geo. II. i° — 2° Martii.

1 \

455

Foundling The other Order of the Day being read, for the Hospital. Houseto resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children;

Ordered, That all the Accounts, and other Papers, which were presented to the House in thelaft Session of Parliament, and also all the Accounts, and other Papers, which have been presented to the House in this Session, relating to the said Hospital, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V enerisy2° die Martii;

Anno 32* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1759. Prayers.

LCaHMf Lord Robert Sutton reported from the Com--L mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the CIerk’sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. George Hodgekinfon and Mr. Job Brough, being severally examined, said. That the Roads from Little Gate to the West End of Barnby Gate in Newark, and from the Guide Post at the Division of Kelham and Mijkham Lane, through Southwell, to Alans field, and from Southwell to Oxton, are extremely deep and ruinous, and in many Places narrow; and that the said Roads cannot be repaired.by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Little Gate, at the Top of Leadenham Hill, in the^taun-ty of Lincoln, to the West End of Barnby Gate in^t?£>-ark upon Trent, and from the Guide Post at the Division of Kelham and Alujkham Lanes to Mansfield, and from Soulhivell to Ox ton, in the County of Nottingham: And that the Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. Charlton, and Mr. Alanners, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bishop’t Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Walth&m Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the g-p for ^jv^ing and inclosing certain open arable Fields and Downs in the Manor of Bishops Waltham, in the County of Southampton, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

1 Strmidwater A Bill to amend and explain an Act, made in the Navigation. Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making navigable the River Sttoudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or Vol. 2$.

near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Dickinson,

Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bod-ville, Sir John Barnngton, Mr. Bond, Mr. Car tier ight,

Mr. Bolton, Mr Colebrooke, Mr. Bowes, Sir James Creed,

Mr. Hammond, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Honey wood, Mr.

Dicker, Mr. Hexvett, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Heme, Sir William Moreton, Mr. A my and Mr. Onglcy, Mr. Fuller,

Sir Charles Alor daunt, Mr. Hanger, Sir Cor del Fire-brace, Mr. Townshend, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. More, Mr. Willy, Mr. Martin, Mr.

Obnius, Mr. Bacon, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProRor, Mr.

Berkeley, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Boone, Mr. Dawnay, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Robert Hildynrd, Mr. Bull, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. John Frederick, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Keck, Mr. Westfaling, Mr.

Medlycott, Lord North, Mr. Molyneux, Sir John Rush-out, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Crejwell, Mr. Bathurst,

Mr. Gqfliry, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Sekvyn, Sir Roger Nexvdigate, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Chester, Mr.

Hume, Mr. Chelwynd, Mr. Rice, Sir Wm. Peere Williams, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Thornton, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Trift; and all the Members who serve far the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Hereford, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Or- Harmfton der, a Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields Inclosure. and common Grounds of and in the Manor and Parish of Harmfton, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkyns, from Accounts the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; of Tobacco.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Hogsheads, and Quantity of Pounds, of Tobacco, imported into, and exported from the Port of London, from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the gross Receipt, Payments, and net Produce, of the Duties on Tobacco* from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Year, together with the Appropriations thereof: And also,

An Account of the annual Amount of Allowances made to the Merchants trading in Tobacco, from Christmas 1738. to Christmas 1758; distinguidiing each Year, and the Allowances under their respective Heads: And also.

An Account of all Monies that have arisen by Fines and Forfeitures on Tobacco, from Michaelmas 1738, to Alichaelmas 1758’; d ill ingu idling each Year: Andalfo,

An Account of all Monies paid on Account of the Duties on Tobacco to his Majesty’s Civil List, from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1758 5 distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account, diewing the Discounts granted to the Merchants lor prompt Payment of the several Subsidies, additional Duties, and Impost upon Tobacco, from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1758; distinguidiingeach Year, and what is the net Duties payable on each Pound of Tobacco: And also.

An Account of the Allowances granted at the Scale, on each Hogshead of Tobacco imported into the Port of London, from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Number of Hogdieads of Tobacco, and their Weights, imported into Scotland, for Five Years, from the Commencement of an Act of the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

2°Martii. 1759.

Act for the more effectual securing the Duties on Tobacco, and how much of the saidTobacco hath been exported; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Chesterfield A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Road. Chesterfield to the Turnpike Road at Hcmston Lane Head, and also the Road branching from the said Road upon the Eafi Moor, through Bajlow and Wardlotv, to the joining of the said Roads again near Wardlow Mires, and also the Road leading between the said Road and Branch from Calver Bridge to Bajlow Bridge; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road near Newhaven House to the Turnpike Road near Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby; was read a Second time.

Refolded\ That the Bill be committed to Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Bacon, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Martin, Mr. York, Mr. More, Sir Wm. Peere Williams, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cornezoall\ Mr. Kynaston, Sir Geo. Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Moore, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hexvett, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Hume, Sir Heary Erskine, Mr. Trift, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Morton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Thoroion, Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. Staunton, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Smith, Mr. Crajler%, Mr. Ridley, Mr. VanJittart, Mr. Gore, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Curzon, Sir Ellis Cunliffe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, York, Chester, Lancaster, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cooke’s An ingrossed BillTrom the Lords, intituled, An Act Divorce, to dissolve the Marriage of John Cooke Esquire with Susannah Cooper his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That. Mr. Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Meithrop Mr. Townshend reported from the Committee, to iacloture. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing One open and common Field called Niethrop Field, and several Parcels of Land called Ball's Close, the Hook's Common, Balkes I^eys, White Pojt, Cow Layer, Paddock, Great Marsh Causeways, and Ley, within the Township and Liberties of Neithrop and Wickham, and in the Parish of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Catharine Baber, Widow, who, asTrustee for Dolly Paynton, an Infant, is possessed of the Rectory Impropriate, and, in Right thereof, is entitled to Three Yard Lands, Part of Sixty Yard lands and One Quarter, whereof the said open Field consists, and also to the Tythes of all Com and Grain arising from the remaining Fifty-seven Yard Lands and One Quarter, and also to the Tythe of Wool, Lamb, and Hay, arising therefrom, or to a Modus or Composition in lieu thereof, and also to the Tythes of Four Pieces of Pasture lying in the said open Field, and also to the Tythes of divers antient inclosed Pasture Grounds within the Township or Liberties of Neithrop, or to some Modus in lieu thereof; and that the said Catharine Baber could not be met with, in order to be applied to, but that a Copy of the Bill was left at her Dw^lling-house; and that no Person appeared before the

Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and; upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Waktfield to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road to from Wakefield, through the Townships of Horbury,

Net her ton, Overton, Lepton, Almondbury, Huddersfield, a Marfden, and Saddleworth, to Aufierlands, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Townshend presented to the House, according to Kelso Order, a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or TwoPeniei One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots ScoU* Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a Bridge cross the River Tweed, and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Lincolnshire Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Roads, the Bill to continue, amend, and make effectual, an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North West Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or North East Part of the said County; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from the Well in East Gate, in the City of Lincoln, and from the North West End of Horn Castle, and from the Guide Post at the East End of Hainlon, through Barkwith, to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act; was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Account Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Direc- of Sugar, tions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the several Prices his Majesty’s Sugars from Barbadoes and the leeward Islanis fold for, from the Year 1728 to the Yeari758, bothinclusive; distinguishingeach Year.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman George Nelson do, Exportation upon Monday Morning next, attend the Committee of of Com, kc. the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue for a farther Time the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn,

Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also to continue for a further Time the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley,

Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit for a limited Time the making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran, as relates to the Continuance

32 Geo. II. 2° — 50

tinuance of the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Wilson do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Trotman do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Farrar do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Edzvards do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Cricklcy Hill Ordered, That all the Members who serve for the Road*. County of Bucks be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging and altering several Powers granted by an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Cricklcy Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of North-leach, Burford, and Witney, and Parlflies of Hanborough and Bladen, to Camps field, in the Pari Hi of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford, and also the Road from Witney, through EnJJmiv, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford; is committed.

Committee Ordered, That aCommittee be appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Poor in that Part of Great Poor! Britain called England, and of the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of SirRichard Lloyd,

Sir RogerNezedigaic, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Nugent, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Cust, Mr. Prowse, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Atdworth, Mr. Olniins, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Hamilton, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Thornton, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. More, Sir Francis Drake, Mr, Alderman Beck ford, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Townshend, Lord Egmont, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Cartzvright, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Geo. Onjloiv, Mr. Butler, Sir Wm. Peeve IfiIlia ms, Mr. Fane, Mr. Vyner, Mr-Martin, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Northey, Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Page, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Mcdlycott, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Moore, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Butler, Mr. West, Mr. Bagot, Sir Robert Ilildyavd, Mr. Hexcelt. Dr. Hay, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Willy, Mr. Ridley, Sir Cor del Firebr ace, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Finch, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Symons, Sir John Turner; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices; and they have Power to report their Proceedings from time t* time to the House.

Importation Ordered^ That the Order of the Day, for the House of Cattle to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, from upon the Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle Iceland. from Jretand, for a Time to be limited, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for permitting the free Importation of Horses from Ireland;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for the free Importation of Swine from Ireland;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That all Petitions, which have been presented to the House in this Session, relating to the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee.

Vo*,. 28.

Martii. 457

Then the House refojved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rigby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rigby reported from the Committee, That1 they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Importation Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the of^6w whole House, upon the Bill to discontinue, for a irciaud. Time to be limited, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from Ireland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,to consider further of the Supply granted to his.

Majesty. ’

Resolved, That this House will,upon Mondayls/ioming Ways next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Townshend presented to the House according to Loughborough Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Inclosure. Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Loughborough, in the County of Leiccfr ter: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke and Sir William Beauchamp Insolvent Proctor, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed Debtors, to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 50 die Martii;

Anno 32* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

THE Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That Anfoer their Address of Friday last. That his Majesty to-Addrest would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the for Accounts Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Sir Richard Lloyd, from the Committee appointed to Committee take into Consideration the State of the Poor in that on State Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Laws the relating thereto, acquainted the House, That the Com- Poor' mittee had directed him to move the Hqufe, that the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, in England and Wales, an,4 the Town Clerks of the several Cities and Towns in England and Wales which are Counties of themselves, and the Clerks of the Peace of the several Liberties in England and Wales, do forthwith transmit to the Clerk of this House, in order to be laid by him before this House, an Account of the annual Expence of passing Vagrants from, to, and through, their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, and Liberties, for Four Years, ending at the last Easier Sessions; distinguishing each Year.

6 A And

45& 5° Martii. A. 1759.

And Sir Richard Lloyd moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That Mr. Staunton, Sir Thomas Clavering, t W«r

Ordered, That the Clerks of the Peace of the several be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the ^av, Sat"m

Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, in England and Wales, and the Town Clerks of the several Cities and Towns in England and Wales, which areCounties of themselves, and the Clerks of the Peace of the several Liberties in England.and Wales, do forthwith transmit to the Clerk of this House, in order to be laid by him before this House,ap Account of the annual Expence of paflingVa-grantsfrom, to, and through, their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, and Liberties, for Four Years, ending at the last Easter Sessions; distiuguishing each Year.

Aire and Mr. Rose Fuller presented to the House, according to Cald^r Order, a Bill for the better afeertairiing the Proportion AvrcS ,*n which the Profits of the Navigation of the Rivers Aire Rates. Snd Colder shall be aftefted to the parochial Rates of the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York: Aud the same was recefved; and ‘ ' read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Expiring Ordered, That the Committee appointed to esquire

Lau*. wfiat Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the HoUfewhich of them are fit to be 1 revived or contmaed; be-revived.

Ideford Sir Richard Lloyd presented to the House, according &c* to Order, a Bill for Amending, widening, and keeping in ,f 02 Repair, the Road from the hollow Way, on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turrtpike Road ends, to a Place called Biddaford,in the County of Devon; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved", That the Bill be rpad a Second time.

Eillingham An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Inclosure. Common Fields and Grounds within the Manor of Filling ham, in the County of Lincoln, Was read the Third time.

,." Resolved, 'that the BilFdo pass: And that the Title bp, An Act for dividing and inclosing several common rields arid Grounds within the Manor of FiUingham, in the County of Lincoln.

Orderea, That Mr‘ Vyrier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Somersham ‘A Brit for draining and: preferring certain Fen Lands and and Low Grounds in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley P id ley with Fenton, and the 'Parish of Colne, in the

ramage. £ounty of Huntingdon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Rill Recommitted to Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. More, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. BuUer, Mr. Vanghan, M f.Bertie, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bar-roze, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Hume, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Trijl, Mr. 0Imius, Mr. Henry Grenville, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. George Onjlou), Mr. Morton, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John- Crosse, Mr. John Pill, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Affleck, Golonel Gray, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Walter, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Bond, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Proivje, Sjr Roger Nezv-digale, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Aldworth,

: % Robert Ladbroke, Mr Butler, Sir George Montgomery

Mesham, Mr. Bacon, Sir George Savile, Mr. Boone, Mr. Willy, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Symons, Mr. Smith; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Norfolk, Suffolk, Bedford, Northampton, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j

Southmolton Mr. BulUr presentfcd to the House, according to Roads. Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of Southmolton, in the Genraty of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill bp read a Second time.

Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Durham, and of Gentlemen, Clergymen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the fair!' City and County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred. v ’

A Bill for exemplifying and inrolling an Indenture of p..irI of Settlement, and the Will and Codicils, of the late Far! Arran’s of /I r ran, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Butler, Mr. Bankes, Sir George Montgomery Me I ham,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cocks,

Mr. More, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Hume, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Glynne,

Mr. Nor they. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. ProwJ'c, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Berkeley, M\\ Cooke, Mr. Probyn,

Sir William Bean eh amp Proflor, Mr. Bagot, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. 01mins, Mr. Bond, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Bertie, Lord Verney, Mr. Aldworth, Mr,.

Luttrell, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mv.Lewis, Mr. Fane,

Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Charles Mor-dauunt, Mr. Medlycott, Sir EdmundJsham, Mr. Ryder,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Si aunt on, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Duller, Mr.

Symons, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Rozcney, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Amcotts,

Mr. Rice, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Smith, Mr. Herbert, Mr.

Morton, Mr. Budgen; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Southampton, and Dorset:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossedBili for dividing and inclosing the com- Willooghby inon Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, and l°clolure. common Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Willoughby, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields,common Pastures, common Meadows, and common Ground, within the Manor and Parish of WUloughn by, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

1 ,

Mr. George Onslow presented to the House, according Guildford to Order, a Bill for establishing, regulating, and main- Strccl£* taming, a nightly Watch, and for enlightening the open Places and Streets, within the Town of Guildford, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury Dewsbury to Ealand, in the Weil Riding of the County to of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Lionel 03 . Pilkington, Mr. Charlton, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Staunton, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Crejioell,

Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Hume, Mr. Wilkinson, Mf. More, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Luttrell,

Mr. Butler, Mr George Onslow, Mr. Fane, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Obnins, Mr. Berkeley},

Sir Lynch Colton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Affleck, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Cartwi'ight, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Sir George Montgomery Mttham, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Prowfc,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Amcotts,

Mr. Pktmptre, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Bond, Mr. Lee, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Simons; and all the Members who feHe for the Counties of York, Durham, Norfh u m her land, Cumberland, Westmorelahd, and Lancaster: And they a^to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakei’s Chamber.

Sir

Mold,

&c.

Road.

Renton

Road.

Bishop’s

Waltham

Inclosure.

Collc£liHg

of

Poll Fines.

32 Ge6. II.

5 ® Mar tin

' Sir Lynch Salvsbury Cotton reported from she Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Thomas Penning Esquire, being examined, said, That the Roads from the Town of Mold to the Town of Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-y-Cafn and Comvay, and from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin, De?ibigh, and St. AJiiph, and to the Town and Port of Ruthiand, in North Wales, are in a ruinous Condition, and very incommodious for Passengers, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers; and that the said Ronds cannot be repaired, widened, and rendered commodious, without the farther Aid of Parliament.

Mr. James Hignet confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Mold to the Town of Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-y-Cafn and Conway; and from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthan, Denbigh, and to the Town and Port of Ruthiand, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon: And that Sir Lynch Salujbuzy Colton, Sir John Glynn, and Mr. Middleton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Matthew Lambe reported from the Committee, to ‘whom the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, reading near, or usually travelling, the Roads, from the Guide Poss, near certain Lands called the Abbey Lands, in the Parish of Lent on, through Bcefhn, Chilvell, Toton, Long Eaton, and Sato ley, in the County of Nottingham, to Saxe ley Ferry, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him td report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read *, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Watkinfon and Mr. John Rowley, being severally examined, said. That the Road, from the said Guide Pojt to Saw ley Ferry, is very ruinous and bad, and in many Places, so narrow, that Two Carriages cannot pass each other; and that the fairl Road cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads, from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bot-iesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Ttent Bridge, and from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to St. Marrfs Bridge in the Town of Derby, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from the Guide Pojt, near certain Lands called the Abbey Lands, in the Parish of Lent on, through Beejton, Chihvell, Toton, Long Eaton, and Sazvley, in the County of Nottingham, to Sazvley Ferry.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open arable Fields and Downs, in the Manor of Bijhofs Waltham, in t he County of Southampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open arable Fields, and a Down, in the Manor of Bifllop's Waltham in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Thijllethtvayie do- carry the Bill so the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the more regular and easy collecting, accounting for, and paying of, Post Fines, which shall be due to the Crown, or to Grantees thereof under the

VOL. 28.

Crown, and for the Ease of Sheriffs in respect: to the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 20th Day of this Instant March, refolvfc itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said B9f.

A Petition of thefeveral Freeholders and Inhabitants LnugM>orough of the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, Indofir* and of the several Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, and Commons, lying within the open Fields, Meadows; and Commons, of the said Town, whole Names are thereunto subsetibed, on behalf of themselves and several others, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is depending for the dividing and inclosing the open common Fields and Meadows, and also the Commons or common Grounds, within the Lordship, Township, or Liberty, of Loughborough aforesaid; and representing to the House the many Inconveniences and Hardships, which the Petitioners ailege will arise to them, and to the other Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Town, and to the Poor thereof, if the said Inclosure fhbuld take Place: And therefore praying,

That the Petitioners may be beard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; or have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Coifnfel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel he admitted to be heard at the same time; in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Wedneslay Seven night, the 14th Day of this Instant March. '

The House, according to Order; resolved itself into Exportation a Committee of the whole Hottfe, to consider of so much of Corn, of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, &c* intituled, An Act to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal,

Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also to continue, for a further Time, the Prohibition of the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Making oflow Wines and Spirits from Bran; as relates to the Continuance of the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt,

Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. 1

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.:

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the Hbufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this Houfp will, upon Wednesday SuPPJy-Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday au^y^m Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confideg further of Ways and Means for mifing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the Hottfe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Account; Duties on Pensions,

Expiring

Laws,.

460 6° Martiu A. -17 59.

March 1753, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an A&, made in the 2d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Preservation of his Majesty’s Woods in America; and for the Encou-

THE House being informed, That Mr. Julliot, ragement of the Importation of naval Stores front from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; thence; and to encourage the Importation of Malis,

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain House, pursuant to their Order, called Scotland; as relates to the Premiums upon Masts,

An Account of all Sums of Money retained by the fe- Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpeotin^; veral Offices, and paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s which was to continue in Force from the 29th Day of Exchequer, by virtue of an Act, made the last Session September 1729, for the Term of Thirteen Years, and to of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Rates the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and and Duties upon Offices and Pensions. which by several subsequent Atts, made in the 13th and

And then he withdrew. 24th Years of his said Majesty \s Reign, was further

And the T itle of the said Account was read. continued until the 25th Day of December 175T, and

Ortfcm/, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-to be pern fed by the Members of the House. liament; and which by another Act, made in the 25th

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, was a mended, and Papers of this Session. further continued until the 25th Day of March 1758,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Mr. AldermanZ)/c/*/7j/o«reportedfromtheComniittee, Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to he continued, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the That an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of his House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, present Majesty, for encouraging the Growth of Qoffee in That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had his Majesty’s Plantations in America, which was to con-come to several Resolutions; which they had directed tinue in Force from the 25th Day of March 173 3, until him to report to the House; and he read the Report in the 25th Day of March 1739, and from thence to the his Place; and afterwards delivered it in the Clerk’s End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were by several subsequent Acts, made in the nth, 19th;and read; and are as followeth; viz. 25th Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, was further con*

ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, tinned until the 25th Day of March 1758, and from That a Claufo in an Act, made in the 9th and 10th Years thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, is ngar expiring, and lit to be continued, intituled, An Act to settle the Trade to Africa, for al- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, lowing, during a limited Time, a Drawback of the Du- That an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his ties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; present Majesty, for the farther encouraging and regn-and Which Clause was to continue in Force for the Term lating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the of Thirteen Years, and from thence to the End of the moreefledualfecuring the Dutiesnovvpayableonforeign then next Session of Parliament; and which Clause, af- Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom; which was tp ter the Expiration thereof, was by an Act, made in the coutinue inforce from the24th Day of June 1736, for the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, Space of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the revived and continued; and also a Proviso in the said then next Session of Parliament; and which by several last mentioned Act contained, that no Drawback should subsequent Acts, made in the 13th and 24th Years of the be allowed on the Exportation of any Copper, but such Reign of his said Majesty, was further continued to the as had been, or lliouid be, imported from the East In- 25th Day of December 1757, and from thence to the dies, and the Goad of Barbary only; and which said End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near ex-Clause and Proviso by several subsequent Acts, of the piring, and fit to be continued.

13 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Fjrfl, and of the 15 th and 26 th Years of the Reign That an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his of his present Majesty, were continued until the 24th present Majesty, for the inoreeffectual securing the Du-Day of June, 1758, and from thence to the End of the ties now payable on foreign-made Sail Cloth imported then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, and into this Kingdom, and for charging all foreign-made fit to be continued. Sails with a Duty; and for explaining a Doubt concern-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ing Ships being obliged, at their first setting out to Sea, That so much of an Act, made in the 8th Year of the to befurniflied with One complete Set of Sails made ol Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the British Sail Cloth; which was to continue in Force from Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this King- the 24th Day of June 1746, for the Term of Seven Years, dom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes and from thence to the End of the then next Session of exported :and for reducing the Du ties upon Beaver Skins, Parliament; and which by another Act, made in the Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported; and for 26th Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, was further Importation of all Furs of the Product of the Plan- continued until the 24th Day of June i 738, and from

tations into this Kingdom only; and that the Two Cor- thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; porations of Assurance, on any Suits brought on their is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Policies, shall be liable only to Angle Damages and Costs Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of Suit; as relates to the Encouragement of the Silk That so much of an Act, made in the 19th Year of the ' Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to the taking off fe- Reign of his present Majesty, for further Punishment of veral Duties on Merchandizes exported; which was to Persons goingarmed inDifguife, in Defiance of the Laws continue in Force for Three Years from the 25th Day of of Customs or Excise, and for indemnify ing Offenders March 1712, and from thence to the End of the then against those Laws, upon the Terms therein mentioned, next Session of Parliament; and which by several subse- and for Relief of Officers of Customs in Informations quest Acts, made in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his upon Seizures, which was to continue in Force for the late Majesty King George, the First, and in the 2d, 8th, Space of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the 15th, 20th; and 26th Years of the Reign of his present then next Session of Parliament, as relates to the further Majesty, hath been continued until the 24th Day of Punishment of Persons going armed in Disguise, in Deti-

Martisy 6° die Mar tit;

Anno 32* Georgii II4* Regis, 1759. Prayers.

32 Geo. IL

4 6!t

ance of'thfr Laws of CuAdrriS br txcise, and to Ihc Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures, which by an Act, marie in the 26th Year of the Reign of faicl Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 3758* and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, which was to continue in Force from the First Day of June 1733, for Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next' Session of Parliament; and which by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty was further continued from the Expiration thereof, for Seven Years,.and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act, made in the 18th Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, for Eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring* and fit to be continued.

Rejblvecl, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty \s Reign, more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeaforement of Coals

I within the City and Liberty of Wcjhninsler, which was

v to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1746,

for the 'Perm of Three Years, and from thence to the ' End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the 23d, 24th, and 31st, Years of the Reign of his said Majesty, was continued until the 24th Day of June 1*759) is near 7 expiring, and fit to be continued.

Refalved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons* which was to continue in Force for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, which said Act was explained and amended by an Act* made in the Third \reaf of the Reign of his said Majesty; and which by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, was further explained, amended, and continued; and which by another Act* made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his said Majesty (except the Clause in the said lall-rnentinned Act, for letting mutual Debts one against another, which was by the said Act made perpetual), was further continued; and by another Act, made in the 21st Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, was further amended and continued; and by another Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, so far as relates to the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, was revived, and continued until the First Day of June 1759; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The Six first Resolutions (of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, postponed.

The Four last Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the Four last Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Robert Jones, Mr. Ilarbord, and Mr. Thomas Coventry, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. r

Ways Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee

and Means. the w[l0je House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for railing, the Supply granted to his Majesty, that they do contider of the Acts mentioned in the Six firii Resolutions of the Committee, which have been postponed.

Laftage, Ordered, That it be aii Instruction to the Gentlemen, &c. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or

in the \ t c,

Thames. VOL.2S.

Bills-, pursuant to the Four last Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the I louse, that in the Bill which shall provide for the further Continuance of the A6r, made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, mentioned in the Eighth of the said Resolutions, being the Second of the said Four last Resolutions, they do make Phovision for amending, explaining, and rendering more effectual, the said Act.

Ordered, That it be an Infiru6lion to the said Gentle Admeafaretaint men, That, in the Bill, which thall provide for the further t'oais* Continuance of the Act, made in the ipth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, mentioned in the Ninth of the fin’d Resolutions, being the Third of the said Four hilt Resolutions* they do make Provision for amending,-explaining, and rendering more effectual, the said Act.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentle- Jirprifnnment rrien, That in the Bill, which shall provide for the of debtor*, further Continuance of so much of the Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, mentioned in the last of the said Resolutions, as relates to the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, they do make Provision for reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Provisions relating to the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Eld arid Mr.

Burroughs: / -

Mi\ Speaker*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Preftori for dividing and inc'cMing the open, arable, meadow, Inclosure. palture, and wafie, Grounds, in the Parish of Prejion upon Slower, in the County of Gloucester, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Peckham’s to enable Thomas Peckfiavi F/quire, and his Ifiue, to Name, take and use the Surname of Fozole, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have pafi’cd a Bill, intituled, An Act for Pfcchftierj naturalizing Thomas Pecholier, Peter Jlarijbn, and Samuel Bernard Graff: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew

Mr. Alderman Bakek reported from the Committee* Mod bury* to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy* Free- , holders, and principal Inhabitants of the Town and Roa Parish of Modbury, and of the several Parishes of Farmington, Kolbeton, Kingston^ Newton, Ferrers,

Yelmpton, Revel/loke, Brixton, Wembury, Plymjtocke,

Plympton Maurice* and Plympton Saint Mary, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed* travelling the Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Cctanty of Devon, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report n his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable; Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Robert Palmer junior said. That the Road* de-ferrbed in the Petition, leads from Modbury, through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Linen fra Lane, in the Parish of Plympton Saint Mary, in the County of Devon: That the said Road is, in many Parts, ruinous and narrow, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and'cannot be effectually amended, widened* and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Coufie df Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairingand widening the Road from Modbury, through the Church Town of Yelmpton, and the East Eud of Brixton Church Town, and through the Town of Plympton and the Village of Underzcood, to the North End of Lincotta Lane, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Alderman Baker and Mr. Fold do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Q B A Petition

Borlcy

C.iufeuay

Hoad.

4 62 6° Martii. *4. 1759.

APetition of the Yice Chancellor, Heads of Hotifes, Mayor, Aldermen, and other Members of the University and City of Oxford\ whose Names are thereunto lub-feribed, and divers other Persons, Inhabitants of, or interested in, the Counties of Oxford and Berks, West of the said University and City of Oxford, and within Five Miles of the fame, was presented to the House, and read; reciting, That by several Acts of Parliament, made in the Reigns of Queen Elizabeth and King Charter the First, the Charge of repairing the Ways, Bridges, and Pa Gages, leading to the University and City of Oxford, within One Mile of the fame, is directed to be sustained by the Kefidents and Proprietors of Lands, within Five Miles of the said University and City, or that an annual Kate, in lieu thereof, lliould he paid to the Vice Chancellor and Mayor towards the amending the same; which Kate hath constantly been, and (till is, paid accordingly: That Bo t lei) Cau few ay is One of the said Mile-ways, so kept in Repair by the Contributions aforesaid; and alleging, That by an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Koad from the Top of Cridden)Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to FroggMill, through the Towns of Nor thleadi, Bui ford, and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladen, to Camps fie Id, in the Par ill) of Kidlivgfon, in the Con nty of Oxford, and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford, Authority is given to the Trustees, therein named, to erect One or more Gate or Gates, upon, in, or across, lbme Part or Parts of the Horse Koad leading from Witney, in the County of Oxford, to the West End of Botley causeway, and to take certain Tolls thereat, for the Repair of the said last-mentioiicd Road, which is only One of many Horse Roads that meet and unite at the West End of the said Causeway, and comes in directly from the North Side thereof, so as nearly to form a right Angle with the said Causeway; and that aToll Gate has been erected entire,ly across the West End of the said Cau fe way, from the South to the North Side thereof, so as utterly to inclose and bar up the said Avenue to the University and City aforesaid, unless to such Persons aslhali pay the Tolls there demanded and taken of Passengers, whereby a Contribution is levied, not only on the Persons who travel on the said Road, leading from Witneyaforesaid, which is directed to be repaired by the said Tolls, but also on all Persons travelling to Oxford from the several Towns, Parishes, and Ferry, in the said Petition mentioned; although no Persons, so 1 ravel ling to Oxford from any of the said T ow n s o r Ferry, passover more than Ten Yards of the said Turnpike Roads, and many of them, as the Petitioners apprehend, do not pass over any Part thereof intended to be repaired by the said Act, as they come upon the West End of the said Causeway, immediately from the South* in an opposite Direct ion to the said Turnpike Road, without passing through any of the Parishes named in the said Act; and that, if the said Toll Gate or Turnpike was removed to a very small Distance from the Place where it now Hands, it would entirely eale the Country, as well as the said University and City, from the Grievance above complained of, and would be sufficient to collect the Contributions, which, the Petitioners apprehend, were intended to be levied, by the said Act, upon such Persons only as, bona Jide, travel on the said Turn pike Road; and taking Notice, that a Bill is depending for enlarging and altering several Powers granted by the said Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty: And therefore praying, That, in Consideratioi| of the Premises, aClauseorClausesmay be inserted in the said Bill, for removing the 1'aidTurnpike or Toll Gate to a reasonable and competent Distance from the West End of the said causeway; and that such other Relief maybe granted to the Petitioners, as to the House shall l'eeui meet.

Ordered, That, the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to S i r Roger A Yu' dig a fc. Mi '.Palmer,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Jlowncy, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Kynnftnn, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Morton, Mr. Wigley,

Mr. Fairfax, M r. George Onslow, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Big by,

Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Felloives, Mr, Smith, Mr. Olmius,

Mr. Barrow, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. More, Sir John Cust., Mr. Trijl, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Bulla', Mr. Cod he, Mr. Foley, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Bankes, Sir George Montgomery Mdham,

Mr. Harbor ft, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Ward, M r. Medlycolt,

Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Nor they. Sir lire hard Uoyd, Mr, Alderman Dick inf bn, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Wilkhifon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fonereau,

Mr. Zee, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Gyblnm, Mr. Bond, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Ixizcis, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Hezcelt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Berks, Gloucester, Worcester, and Somerfel:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. IIanger presented to the IToufe, according to Law

Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render effectual, rdpeflirg so much of an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present K°rfeRacc5< Majesty’sReign, intituled, An Act to restrain and prevent the excessive Increase of Horse Races, and for amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for the more effectual preventing of excelfive and deceitful Gaming; as relates to the Increase of Horse Races, and so far as the same is now in*Force: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Exportation Committee of the whose House, to whom it was referred of Coro, to consider of so much of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also to continue, for a further Time, the Prohibition of the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat,

Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; ami to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran; as relates to the Continuance of the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; thellefolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Continuance of so much of the Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also to continue, for a further Time, the Prohibition of the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat,

Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Brail; as relates to the Prohibition’of the Exportation of Corn, Malt,

Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; ought to be abridged and Ihortened; and the Exportation of the said Commodities to be allowed under proper Regulations and Limitations, with respect to the Continuance of the Time of fuel) Exportation, and'Ho the Allowance of Bounty thereupon.

The said Kefolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

James Gr'envilte, Mr. West, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. SamueL Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

y

Importation of Carle from Ireland.

Melting Gold, &. c. Coin.

Licences for felling Gold, &c. Waits.

32 Geo. Ii. 6° Martii. 463

Mr: Rigby, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, for a Time to he limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout 5 and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made; and the Question being put. That the Debate he adjourned till this Day Fortnight;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { £^H: } 38-

Tellers for the Noes, j III' Sj I 100.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill (half be then ingrossed.

Ordered, Nemine contradicenle. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing of the melting down, and of exporting, the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. West, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.'

A Petition of several Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town of Birmingham, in the County 0fWariviek, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reprefen ting to the House, That the Toy Trade of Birmingham, and the neighbouring Towns, in which many Thousand Workmen are employed, consist in general of Articles in which Gold and Silver may be said to be manufactured, though the Gold and Silver, so nfed, is seldom more than Five per Cent, of the Value of the Goods from the Manufacturer, and in many Instances not more than One per Cent. but though the Quantity used is so final I in Proportion, yet the Sale of them depends upon the Neatness and Elegancy of flight Ornaments of Gold and Silver; and alleging, that by a Clause in an Act, passed in the I aft Session of Parliament, obliging every Person, who shall fell or vend any Goods or Wares in which there is any Gold or Silver manufactured, to take out an annual Licence of Forty Shillings, the Petitioners are laid under great Difficulties and 13 i fad vantages; and that, as the said Clause now (lands, not only the first Seller, but every Person, through whose Hands the Goods or Wares pass to the Consumer, is required to take out the said Licence: And therefore praying. That the House will take these Hardships and Inequalities into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine and state to the House, the Matter of FaCl contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bagot, Sir John Cnft, Mr. Alderman Dick-infun, Sir John Glynn, Sir. Jlezvett, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. IIume. Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Prolife, Mr. Ward, Mr. Smith, Lord Digby, Mr. Bacon, Lord Egmont, Mr. More, Sir George Savile, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Wig-ley, Mr. Sandy#, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Fonereau, Mr.

Vol. uS.

Wilkin fan, Mr. IIarbor d. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hanger, Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Symons, Mr. Of-zvald, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Callhorpe, Mr., Thornton, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pole, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Baipitun, Mr; Trift, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bond> and all the Members w ho serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Worcester, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; ancj have Power to fend for Per-fdns. Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and cdmrrion Fields, called Little Barrington Common Fields, and a Common or Waste; called the Dozens, within the Manor of Little Barrington, iii the County of Gloucester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morion, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hezvett, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Pole, Sir George Savile, Mr. Prozefe, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Sandys. Ml*. George Onslow, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Harbord, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Medlycott, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Amcotts, Sir John Cust, Mr. Berkeley, Lord North, Mr. Alderman Dick infun, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Trift, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Kynaston, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Vanfiltart; Mr. Tozvnfhend, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fane, Sir Richara Lloyd, Mr. Smith, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Ainyand, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Kent, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Probyn, Sir Ellis Cu)iliffe\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Oxford, Worcester, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five Of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of Samuel Taylor; lately Merchant of Greenock, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House; That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Content, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that, the House may do therein: as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That, on or about the 5U1 Day of November 1728, the Petitioner entered into Four Bonds with Robert APGown, Robert Paterson, James Blair, and John Gray, Merchants of Glasgow, for fec.uring the Payment of £. 3,714. 10s. 9\d. for Duties of a certain Quantity of Tobacco imported by the said Merchants; and that Three of the Four Bonds, amounting to £. 2,307. 6s. 4 d. are paid, and the other, for £ 1,407. 4 s. 5 \d. remains in Force; and that, soon after the Execution of the said Bonds, the said APGown, Blair; and Gray, became Bankrupts, and the Petitioner obtained an Alignment of what Tobacco they had on hand to Hugh Millikin, Merchant of Port Glasgow, a Friend in Trull, and the same was exported, and the Drawback thereupon, with the Money arising from the Sales, were carried to Account in Discharge of the Bonds that are paid, and £.611. 16.^ 5 {d*~ more, in Discharge of Part of the Bond in Force; and that the Petitioner paid, before and on the 16th of June 1747, the Sum of £. 795. is. 10^d. which Sums together amount to more than the capital Sum secured by the said Bond; and alleging, that the Petitioner is novfr confined in the Gaol of Renfrew, for the Money which became due by the Interest of the said Bond, and for Cods, and is utterly incapable to discharge the fame; and that, by the Laws in being, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury are impowered to rclinquith the Interest due on the said Bond, and the Colls; but as Part of the said Sums of £.611. 16^. 5\d. and £. 795. $s. 10 id. were carried to Account; in Discharge of the Interest as well as Principal, a small Part of the capital Debt now remains outftancline, and Doubts

have

Barrington

Inclosure.

Taylor’s

Security for certain Duties.


k

Wakefield

to

Aofterlands

Koad.

Melting

down

Coin.

464 — 70

;^ave arisen whether the Petitioner can be relieved otherwise than by Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the Ilotifeto take this Matter into Consideration, and to make such Provision therein, as the Hardships of tJje Petitioner’s same may appear to deserve.

, Ordered, 7'hat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-jnine, and (late to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Elliot, Mr. Howard, Mr. Marlin, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Proivfe, -Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Trift, Mr. Ofzoald, Mr. Bagot, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Pole, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Aldermai? JJickin/bn, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hezvctt, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Ban fees, Mr. Gore, Mr. Morton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Stanley, MY. West, Mr. Harbord, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Am col Is, Sir Robert HUdyard, Mr. Symons, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bacon, Mr, Lock-yev, Mr. Smith, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Bru-dencll, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

.!Townshend, Mr. Medlycolf, Mr. Fisher; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

r A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Wakefield, through the Townships of Horbury, Nether-Uon, Overton, Lepton, Almondbury, Huddersfield, Mar ft den, and Sad die worth, to yl after lands, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Hewett, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Howard, Sir Robert HUdyard, Mr. drift, Mr. Ojzvald, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Pole, Sir James Lmqlher, Mr. More, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Medlycott, SirCharles :Mor daunt, Mr. Felloxccs, Sir John Cast, Mr. Thor of on, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Crosse, Mr: Hammond, Mr. White, Mr. Butler, Lord Carysjort, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Lionel Pitkinglon, Mr. Morton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bull, Mr. Callhnrpc, Mr, Bayntun, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Nugent, Sir Thomas Hales, Mri Harbord, Mr. Leivis, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord 'North, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Del aval, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Berkeley,

Mr. Olmius, Mr.. Burr ell, Mr. Moore, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Smith; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West-mareland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 70 die Martii;

Anno 3 20 Georgii III. Regis, 1759. Prayers.

QRD ER E D, That Mr. William Chetwynd and Mr* V Jeffreys be added to the Gentlemen, who are ap-

Martii. 1759,

pointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the‘ more effectual preventing of the Melting down, and of Exporting, the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm.

The House being informed* That Nir^Barnes, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, puiTuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of the several Prices his Majesty’sMuf-covado Sugars, from Barba does and the Leeward Islands, fold for at each Sale, on an Average, in every Year, at the Custorn-house, London, from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1738; and also,

An Account of the several Prices his Majesty’s clayed Sugars, from Barba does and the Leeward Islands, fold for at each Sale, on an Average, in every Year, at the Custom-house, London, from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1758.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. v The said Accounts are prefer veil amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution, which was Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act,‘ made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a further Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also to continue, for a further Time, the Prohibition of the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of-Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and* to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran; as relates to the Continuance of the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and was then agreed to by the House.

The House being informed, That Mr. Horne, from the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Report of the Commissioners of Greenzvich Hospital, of what Money has been received from the Der-zventwater Estate, between ill December 1757, and 30th November 1758; and of their Proceedings in carrying . on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followed!; viz.

7 th

Accounts of Sugars.

Exportin'* ot Corn, &c.

Greenwich

Hospital.

3 2 Geo. II.

?th March 1759. " his Majesty's Reign,1

intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates, forfeited by the Attainders-of James late Earl of Derwenttvater and Charles Radcliftc;

Requiring the Commi (Boners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greentpich, to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hof-' pital, in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on the eafiestand moll reasonable Terms, according to the Platt laid before the House of Commons, and to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty, and tyqth Houses of Parliamentrespectively; —

The Commi ffioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly report as followeth:

There has been received by the Treasurer between the ift of December 1757 and the 30th November 175$, o*rt of the Rents and Profits of the Estate; viz.

On Account of the annual Rents -On Account of the Lead Mines -

A» to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building: Thefinishing the NurfesCabbins in the -tfrean/weStory of Queen Mary's Building, and keeping in Repair the several Buildings, Furniture in the Wards, Roads, Drains, Conduits, Pipes, Brewing Utensils, and other Works for the Service of the Hospital, amount to the Sum of One thousand Two hundred and Nineteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eleven Pence -

Note: There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate between the ift December 1757, and the 30th November 1758, on Account of Repairs -----.....-

By Order of the Commi ffioners, Rd. Home.

£ s.

7.940 14 3 I

2>7!3 *3 7

£-9> 754 1 / 7 ,.f9l

1 . f s. d.

1,219 19 11

£ s. d.

1.055 *7

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Account The House being informed, That Mr. Rozve, from the

of Tobacco. Commissioners of the Culioms in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Order of this House,

An Account of the Numberof Hogslieads of Tobacco, and their Weights, imported into Scotland for FiveYears, from the Commencement of an Act, of the 24 th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties on Tobacco, and how much of the said Tobacco hath been exported j distinguiiliing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the public Debts at the Receipt of his Majestys Exchequer, Handing out at Christlaft, with the annual Interest or other Charges payable for the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eld and Mr.

Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

Mansfield, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act See. for repairing and widening the High Road leading from Road. the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleajly, Glapwell Heathy and Normentony and the Liberty of Hajlandy to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chejtcrfield, i n t he County of Derby, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Willoughby Afion, Mr. Kynafioi7, Sir Edmund Jjhavi,

Mr: Hanger, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hunt, Mr. JVilles, Mr.

Thor0ton. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Cuflf Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gajkry,

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Curzon? Mr. Foley, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

A ffleck, Mr. Webb, Mr. Symons, Sir John Hinde Cotton,

Mr. More, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Wulpolf, Mr.'

Lee, Lord Verney, Mr. Lafceltes, Mr. Delavah, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of fJucoly,

Leicester, and Nottingham: And they are to meet th,is Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker)* Chatp-ber.;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account count of the Quantity of Wines imported into the Out $ Wmci Ports, for Sevep Years laftpaft;,distinguisliingeach Year. importc

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account Account of the net Produce, for Fiye Years last jpaft; of Wmc distinguishing each Year; of the additional Duty on Dutlcs* Wines imported, payable by virtue of the Act of the 18th Year of his Majesty*? Reign.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Walpole and Mr. Town- Exportation Jhend of Yarmouth be added to the Gentlemen, who are Corn» appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Refoiution which was Yefterdayreported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so nmch of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a further Time, the Prohibition. of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also to continue, fora further Time, the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits, from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit, foralimitedTime, the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran; as relates to the Continuance of the Prohibition of t he Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and was then agreed to by the House.

Harmfttm A Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields lowleiurc. common Grounds of and in the Manor and Parish of Harmfton, in the County of Lincoln, was reada Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tyner, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Hume, Sir George Savile, Mr. llewett, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Smith, Mr. Chester, Mr. Fidler, Vlv. Waller, Mr. More, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Vernon, Mr. FeHowes, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Plimptre, Sir Henry Eijkiiic, Mr. Bankes, Vol. a8.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved/That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Importation ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iionfe, upon the Bill to difeoutinue, for a Time to be inland, limited, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from Ireland.

ResolvedyThzX. this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways

6 C next, amiMcans.

466 7° — 8°

A. 1759.

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 8° die Martii;

Anno 320 Georgii IJdi Regis, 1759.

Stroud water PraYS; ' ,

Narigation. A PE 11TIO N of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-JTTL nion Council of the City of Gloucester, and County of the same City, in common Council ademhled, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition or Bill is now depending in the House for making a certain Rivulet or River, called Stroudwater, by the Help of Engines or otherwise, navigable, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to a Place called WaUbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester; which the Petitioners humbly apprehend, if carried into Execution, will not only be very injurious to' the Trade of that City in general, but also very detrimental to his Majestv's Revenue: And therefore praying, That such Petition or Bill may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Petition or Bill; and that the House will grant the Petitioners such further and other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered^That the Paid Petition dolie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and explain ap Act, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to WaUbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County, iscommitted: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Lehdenham The Lord Robert Sutton presented to the House, ac-

Hill Rond, cording to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Little Gate, at the Top of Leadenham HiU, in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of Barnby Gate, in Nezvark upon Trent, and from the Guide Pojt, at the Division of Kelham and Mujkham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Newcastle A Petition of the several Persons, w'hose Names are

upon Tyne thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of, and In-Streets. habitants within, the Town of Nezvcajtle ztpon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Nezvcajtle upon Tyne, on behalf of themselves, and many other Freemen, Inhabitants of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and the rest of the Common Council of the said Town and County, hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring ir> a Bill for the keeping an able and regular Watch in the Night, and enlightening the Streets in the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and alleging, that if the said Bill shoukl pass into a Law, and the Petitioners be thereby charged towards the Expences of keeping the said Watch, and enlightening the said Streets, they apprehend tbay shall be very much aggrieved thereby; and that such Charge will be a great Burthen upon the poor Inhabitants of the said Town, and a great Discouragement to the Trade carried on therein; and that the Petitioners are able to make it appear, that the Mayor, and Burge fibs of the said Town are seised and in Pof-lefnon of very large Tolls, and other Possessions, to the Amount of £. 10,000 per Annum$ arid upwards, which have been bestowed on them by the Munificence of the former Kings of this Realm, and the Charity of other

Benefactors, and which have been, or ought to be, applied towards the Carrying on and Support of all public Works within the said Town; and, in case of a proper Application of the said Revenue, the same would be sufficieut to discharge the Expences of keeping the said Watch, and enlightening the said Streets, and to answer all the Purposes in the said Bill, and all the other necessary Expences of the said Corporation: And therefore praying, in case the said intended Bill shall pass into a Law,

That a Provision may be made therein for defraying the said Expences by and out of the Revenues of the said Corporation; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said intended Bill as shall assed the Petitioners, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Vicar, Merchants, Gentlemen, and vVwr Inhabitants, of the Town of Gainsborough, in the County Navigation of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition hath been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill, for making and completing the River Wear navigable, from and including Biddickford, to the City of Durham; and alleging, that the Petitioners conceive, that such Improvement will be of great Utility to the Trade and Manufactures of that Town, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying,

That such a Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petit ion do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the principal Manufacturers of Stroudwater Woollen Cloth upon the River Stroudwater, below the Navi^an^n. Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, and ethers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Leave has been given to bring in a Bill, to amend and explain an Act, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act, for making nav igable t he River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to WaUbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County; and alleging, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it now (lands, the Property and Trade of the Petitioners, and others, will be greatly prejudiced, if not totally destroyed: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against inch Parts of the said Bill, as assess the Petitioners Property and Trade; and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, as it now stands.

Ordered, Thai the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by thera-ftrlves or Counsel, before the said Committee, uj>#n their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the (hid Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, £ who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to such of the Resolutions, which, upon . Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed toby the House, That they do prepare and insert in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, a Clause or Clauses, to direct how, and to whom, such of the Penalties or Forfeitures, which shall be incurred by an Act, passed in the 31st Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; as are not ap:

propriated

32 Geo. II. 8° — 9 M467

proprialed by such said Act, shall go and be distributed.

Ktprrtation Mr. Samuel Martin presented to the House, according of Corn, kc. f0 Order, a Bill for abridging and ftiortcning the Continuance, of so much of an Act, of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a further Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Bifcuir, and Starch; and also to continue, for a further Time, the Prohibition of the making oflow AVines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran; as relates to the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for amending an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the Encouraging the Exportation of Corn: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Manthester Mr. Toion/hend presented to the House, according to Com Mills. Order, a Bill for discharging the Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, from the Custom of grinding all their Corn and Grain, except Malt, at certain Water Corn Mills in the said Town, called the School Mills; and for confirming such Custom with respect to Malt, upon the Payment of a pecuniary, in lieu of the usual, Toll; and for settling and securing to the Feoffees thereof, a proper Satisfaction for their Estate and Interest in the said Mills to be applied to the charitable Uses, for which the same were granted: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

General

Turnpike

Ash.

Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Three several Acts of the 26th, 28th, and 30th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highway* and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

r, Rwdst0r Sir ^l(lr^esKemysTyntereported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset; and to enlarge the Powers granted by an Act, of the 31st Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City of GlouceJ'ler to Slone, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for making the said Act more effectual; ^and the other passed in the 22d Year of the Reign oif his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the one, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, and the other passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act; and for making the said Acts more effectual; and also for repairing other Roads therein mentioned; and for making all the said Acts more effectual; and for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads, and for making the said Act more effectual: was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Vol. 28.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qtieftion severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, , with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed. That Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Sugar imported into England, from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1758, and how much of the said Sugars have been re-exported; distinguishing each Year; and also,

An Account of the gross Receipts, Payments, and net Produce, of the Duties of Sugar, from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Year; and also.

An Account of the annual Amount of the Drawbacks upon raw Sugars, and Bounties upon refined Sugars, re-exported, from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1758; distinguishingeach Year; and also.

An Account of the Quantity of Wines imported into the Out Ports, from Christmas 1750, to Christmas 1757; distinguishing each Year; and also.

An Account of the net Produce for Five Years lad past; distinguishing each Year; of the additional Duty on Wines imported, payable by virtue of the Act of the 18th of his Majesty’s Reign.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectually , Manning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships or Vessels in the Merchants Service; was committed; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 90 die Martii;

Anno 320 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Venables Vernon be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Uttoxeter, and from thence to the Town of Nezvcaflle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Thomas Pecholier, Peter Harifon, and Samuel Bernard Graff, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord North reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of the Town of Chard, to the South End of West Moor; and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, throughIlmifter, to Kenny Gate \ and from the West End of Peafemarsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from St. Bane Hill to Ilmiftei', and from White Cross to Chillington Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the County of

Somerset,

Account* of Su^ar and Wine*.

Manning the Nary.

Derby*

See.

Road.

Pecholier,

&c.

Nat.

Chard

Road*.

468 o° Martii A. 1759.

Somerset, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question several put thereupon. One of them was dif-agreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Manning Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

the Navy. Confederation the Report from the Committee of the whole Hoafe, to whom the Bill for the more effectually manning his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen and others belonging to Ships or Vessels in the Merchants Service; was committed; bp now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments,made by the Committee to the said 8H1, were federally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time, upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Southnaolton A Bill for repairing, widening, and rendering safe an

Roads. commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of South Motion, in the County of Devon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Courtenay, Mr. Kynafian, Lord Vemey, Mr. Affleck, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Nugent, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Vyrter, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Trijt, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Delated, Mi4. Proufe, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Gqjhry, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Morton, Mr. Harris, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Harvey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Exportation A Bill for abridging and shortening the Continuance

of Corn, of so much of an Act, of this Session of Parliament, in-c* tituled, An Act to continue fora further Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, BifcuLt, and Starch; and also to continue, for a further Time, the Prohibition of the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran; as relates to the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for amending an Act, made in the ift Year of the Reign of King William and ^iueeiji Mary, intituled, an Act for the encouraging the Exportation bf Corn; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bili.be committed to aCommittee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday }dom-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon »th,e laid Bill.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider D-itia on of the Execution of an Act, passed the last Session of aD/p^nJ# Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions; and to report the Tafts, as they shall appear to them, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Catihorpc,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, M r.Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fdlowes, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Thoroton. Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Bunices.

Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Trijt,

Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. AmcoUs, S\rFrancis Drake, Mr.

Staunton, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Prozoje, I ord Egmont,

Mr. Thor ot on, Mr. Chariton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Vaughan,

M r. Nugent, Si rWHUam Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Starkie,

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Chetitynd, Mr. Bond,

Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. ThiJUethwayte, Sir Robert Lad-broke, Mr. Pitt, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Smith, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Ileivett, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Pt umpire, Mr. Gulf on, Mr. Nor they, Mr. George Onslow,

Mr. Harris, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Olmius,

Mr. Molyneux, Sir Charles Kemys Tynfe, Mr. Bagot,

Mr. Vyner junior, Mr. Alderman Beck ford, Ix>rd Ver-ney, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Alderman Dickinjhn, Sir John 'Turner, Mr.

Forrefter, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More, Sir John Crofte,

Mr. Butler: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and

all who come are to have Voices.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itFelfinto aCommittee of the whole House, tocon-lider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. ]

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Wayi I House to resolve into aCommittee of the whole House, and Mom. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplufiles, dialed the 5th Day of April 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses stated the ioth Day of October 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated at Lady-day 17525 Ami also,

Surplusses stated the ioth of October 1751, which were presented to the House upon the 14th Day of February 175^, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, lluit Surplusses, stated the 5th of April 1753: And also,

Surplusses, stated the ioth of October 1753, which were presented to the House, upon the 14th Day of January 1754, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 5th of April

1754, Old Lady-day: And also,

Surplusses, stated tfye ioth of October 1754, Old Michaelmas-day, which were presented to the House upon the 18th Day of December 1754, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 5th of April

1755. Old Lady-day: And also.

Surpluses, stated the 10th of October 1755, Old Michaelmas-day, which were presented to the House upon the 17th Day of January 1756, be referred to the fold Committee. 1

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 5th of April 1756: And also,

Surplusses, stated the ioth of October 1756, which were presented to the House upon the 16th Day of February 1757, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, Hated the 5th of April 1757: And also,

Surplusses, stated the ioth of October 1757, were presented to the House upon the 27 th Day of January 17 5.8, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Hog-

fheads

L. OOQte

32 Geo. II. 90 — 10

/heads and Quantity of Pounds of Tobacco, imported into, and exported from, the Port of London, from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross Receipt, Payments, and net Produce, of the Duties on Tobacco, from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Year, together with the Appropriations thereof; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the annual Amount of Allowances made to the Merchants trading in Tobacco, from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Year; and the Allowances under their respective Heads; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Monies that have arisen by Fines and Forfeitures on Tobacco, from Michaelmas 1738, to Michaelmas 1758; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Monies, paid on Account of the Duties onTobacco to his Majesty'sCivil Lift, from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1758; distin-gu:(hingeach Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, {hewing the Disconnts granted to the Merchants for prompt Payment on these-veral Suhhdies, additional Duties, and impost,upon Tobacco, from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Year; and what is the net Duties payable on each Pound of Tobacco; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Allowances granted at the Scale on each Hogshead of Tobacco, imported into the Port of London, from Christmas 1738, toChrijtm mas 1758; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Hog-<1 leads of Tobacco, and their Weights, imported into Scotland for Five Years, from the Commencement of an Act, of the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectually securing the Duties on Tobacco, and how much of the said Tobacco hath been exported; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Hog-iheads of Tobacco, and their Weights, imported into Scotland for Five Years, from the Commencement of an Act, of the 24th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties on Tobacco, and how much of the said Tobacco hath been exported; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the several Prices his Majesty\s Muscovado Sugars, from Barbadoes and the Leetvard Islands, fold for at each Sale, on an Average, in every Year, at the Custom House, London, from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the several Prices his Majesty'sdajred Sugars, from Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands, fold for at each Sale, on an Average, in every Year,at the Custom House, London-,from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Sugar, imported into England {com Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1758, and how much of the said Sugars have been re-exported; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross Receipts, Payments, and net Produce, of the Duties of Sugar, from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Annual Amount of the Drawbacks upon raw^Sugars, and Bounties upon refined Sugars, re-exported, from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Vol. 28.

’ Mariii. 469

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. CharUon reported from the Committee, That they bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, iO° die Mart it;

Anno 320 Georgii4JIdl Regis, 1759.

Pra y ers.

MR. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom y/inchester the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from &c.

Oxdown Gate, in Popham Lane, to the City of Win- Road*. chester, and from the said City, through Hurjley, to Chandlers ford, and from Hurfiey aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romjey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringzvood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborne Minfer, in the County of Dorset, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, That some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same wfcre read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, aSubfidy of Poundage, of Twelve Pence in the Pound, belaid upon all Tobacco, foreign Linens, Sugar, and other Grocery, East India Goods, foreign Brandy, and Spirits, and Paper, imported into this Kingdom, according to the Value or Rate respectively settled upon each Commodity, by the several Books of Rates, or any Act or Acts of Parliament relating the reunto, over and above the present Duties charged thereupon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, an additional Inland Duty be charged upon all Coffee, to be sold in Great Britain, by Wholesale or Retail, and upon all Chocolate to be made or fold in Great Britain, to be paid by the respective Sellers of such Coffee, and by the respective Makers or Sellers of such Chocolate.

Rtfolvedl That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said additional Duty upon all Coffee, to be sold in Great Britain, be after the Rate of One Shilling per Pound Weight, Averdu])oiJ'e, and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, oversand above the present Inland Duty, and over and above allCustoms and Duties payable upon the Importation thereof.

6 D Resolved,

1

47°

io° Martii.

A. 1759.

Meford, c. Road.

Debtor*

Ditto.

Diito-

Nortoa F^ate Paving, &c.

i&y0/p£rf, ThatitisthcOpinionafthis Commitfcee, That the said additional Duty upon all Chocolate, to be made or fold in Great Britain, be after the Rate of Nine Pence per Pound Weight, Averdupoifc, and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above the present Inland Duty payable thereupon.

The said Refactions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Refohition, which, upon Saturday the Third Day of February last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and which have been agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’sGaol at Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty,’s County Gaol of Stafford: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol in the County of Lancaster:

Were severally prefen ted to the House, and read;

complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the hollow Way, on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, to a Place called Biddaford, in the County of Devon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Trift, Sir Richard Lbyd% Mr. Butler, Mr. West, Mr. More, Sir George Dalfton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Kynaston, Sir. Elliot, Mr. liewett, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fellowes, Lord John Manners, Mr. Barrozv, Mr. White, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Cvft, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Warren, Mr. Prowje, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pfobijn, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Mcdlycott, Mr. Wilkin,/bn, Mr. Symons, Mr. OIndus, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Fonereuu, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Ijockyer, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Nugent; and all lhe Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somcvfet, and Dvrfet: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better enlightening and cleansing the open Places, Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts and other Places, within the Manor and Liberty of Norton Falgate, otherwise Norton Folley, in the County of Middlesex-, and for regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, within the said Manor and Liberty; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gohe through the ‘ Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which t hey had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed. That some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Elliot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to the City of Glasgow; and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejulved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Clyde

Niviaation.

Marine

Forces.

Everton

laclosure.

Wctheiby

to

Knarei-

borough

RoaJ.

Redness

an!

Swineflcft

Inclosure.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill*for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Pastures, common and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Everton, in the Count y of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Thornton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the High Road leading from Wetherby to Grajfmgton, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

1 Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement lor inclosing and dividing certain Commons or waste Grounds, called Redness and Swine fleet Failures, in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeut to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Nine Houses or Frontsteads, and Twelve Acres of Land, who could not be found, and the Proprietors of Eight Houses or Frontsteads, and 232 Acres of Land, who refuted to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Houses or Frontsteads, and Acres of Land, in respect of which the said Proprietors have Right of Common on the Lands intended to be inclosed, amount to 173 Houses or Frontsteads, and about 2,267 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose they Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Nicholson Calvert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and explain an Act, made in the 8 a‘ Third Year of his present Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Fram Hoad, to Wallbridge, near the low 11 of Stroud, in the same County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the principal Manufacturers of Woollen Cloth upon the River Stroudwater, below the*Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; ami that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendment, in at the

Clerks

r

Macclesfield

to

Buxton

Road.

Stretford’s

Bridge

Road.

Expiring

laws.

Account ordered Mandiefter Corn Mills.

32 Geo. II. 10° — -12

Clerk’s. Table: Where, the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one;» and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. ,?.>*. /;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment^ be ingrossed.

Mr* Warrenhfeported from the Gornmittee, to whom the Bill for repairm^and widening the Road from the Cross at Broken Cross ih 'Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, through 'Macclesfield Forefi, to the present Turnpike Road at the South End of the Townfmp of Buxton, in the County of Derby, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations <of the Bill, and found the same to he true -, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto \ which they had dircci^l him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 120 die;

Anno 320 Georgii II4i Regis, 1759. Prayers.

MR. Foley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and widening the Road leading from Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the New Inn in the Parish of Winjlanjlow, in the County of Salop; and also the Road from Blue Mantle Hall, near Mortimers Cross, to Aymjtvey, in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Mai oily, as relates to the Road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymjfrey Bridge: And the same was received; and read the First time-.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to such of the Resolutions which, upon Tuesday lad, were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, as were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provilion in the Bill, which shall provide for continuing, amending, explaining, and rendering more eifeftual, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballallage; for the more effectual preventing the putting, unloading, or throwing, into the River Thames, any Rubbish, Earth, Sand, Aihes, Filth, Dirt, or Soil, from any Wharf, Quay, or Bank, adjoining to or near the said River, or from or out of any Barge or Lighter.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrnftion to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the Hill, which shall provide for the Continuance of so much ©fan Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, for amending, explaining, and rendering more effectual, the said Act, and the Alterations and Amendments which have been made > thereto by several other Acts.

Ordered, That the Feoffees or Trustees of certain Water Corn-Mills, called the School Mills, in or near the Vol. 28.

0 Martiu 471

Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,. do lay before this House, an Account of the gross Profits which have arisen to the said Feoffees or Trustees, from the said Mills, and the Lands belonging thereto, in the (^ccupatiop of William Dazvfon, for. 25 Years preceding Chr if mas 1 aft/, and the Application thereof; distinguishing each Year, and the net Monies which have remaiped^ after Payment of all Expences, for the Use of the School*, and Charities, to which such Monies are applicable.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosin’g One open and common Field, called . Neithrop Field, and several Parcels of Land, balled Ball's Close, the Hooks Common, Balkes Leys, White Post,‘ Cow Layer, Paddock, Great ' March Causeways, and Dty, within the Township and Liberties of Neithorp and Wickham* and in the Parish of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, be now read the Third time;

The House was informed, That a Person attended at the Door, who could give the House some Information with respect to the Endeavours that had been used in order to meet with Catharine Baber, Widow, Trustee for Dolly Paynton^h Infant, who, as it is Hated in the Report w'hich was made from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, could not be met with in order to be applied to, but had a Copy of the Bill left at her Dwelling-house:

And the Person called in, and examined, in order to prove that the said Catharine Baber was aftdally at her own Dwell in g-house, at the Time when the Copy of the‘ Bill was left there; and that lhe. was apprised of the Contents of the said Bill, early enough to have of-posed the said Bill.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing One open and common Field called Neithrop Field, and several Parcels of Land, called Ball's Close, the Hooks Common, Balkes Leys, White Post, Cow Layer, Paddock, Great March Causeways, and Lei/, within the Township and Liberties of Neithrop and Wickham, and in the Parish of Banbury, in the Coimtv of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for establiihirtg, regulating, and maintaining, a Nightly Watch, and for enlightening the open Places and Streets, within the Town of Guildford, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. More, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fellowes. Lord Middleton, Mr. Prowse, Lord Malpas, Mr. Thornton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Shelley, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Wilkinjcn, Mr. Amcolts, Mr. White, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Heivett, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Thoroton, Sir John Elxvell, Mr. Staunton, Lord North, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Vanfittcrrt, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. BrUdenell, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Rice^Av. Vaughan, Mr. Bond, Sir Francis Daflnvood, Mr. Fairfax, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Symons, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Butler, Mi*. Offley, Mr. Hume, Sir Cor del Fire brace, Mr. Harbor d, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Bowneij, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Turner, Mr. Rigby, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Trifl; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money retained by the several Offices, and paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, b}r virtue of an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, be referred to the Committee w ho are appointed to consider of the Execution of an Act, patted the last

Sessioa

Neithrop

Inclosure.

Guildford

Streets.

Duties on Offices and Eenfions.

47^ 12° Martii. 1759.

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to Afternoon at Fiv* of tlte Clofckj iti the Speakdr*$ Cham-his Majesty several Hates and Duties upon Offices and ber.

Pensions.

r.:.{,tl,s; A Bill for giving further Time to Trustees therein

: named, to execute certain Trusts veftjed in them, in and

>.n v s by an Act of Parliament, made in ,the 16th Year of the ri-Ues. Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland, in Trustees, in order to sell the same to Protestant Purchasets, was read a Second time.

.: Refdved. That the Bill be committed to, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. More, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mf. Vaughan, Mr. Kynaston, >Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ilzoeft. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Barrow, Admiral Town/--end, Mr. Berkeley, Lord North, Mr: Prozcfc, Mr. JVII-k inf on, Mr. Probyn, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Tozvn/hend, Sir Francis DaJhzvood, Mr. Bowes, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Fox, Mr. Quvc 71 try, Mr. Sfaunton, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Thoro-ion^ MI'rCalthorpe, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Warren, Mr. Foley, Sir Geo. Sarnie, M r. Cooke, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Chet-, toy ml, Sir William Moreton, Mr, Ellis, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Crofter, Mr. Tyner, Mr. VayJiUart, Mr. Gore, Mr. Geo.

.Ouftpw, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Delaval; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chaafber.

Leaden ham a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from a Road* Pktee called LittleGate,at,theTopof Leadcnham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent,mid from the Guide-Post, at the Division of Kelham and Mujkham Lanes ,to Mansfield, and fjdm Southwell to Oxtov, in the County of Nottingham;] was regd a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charlton, Lord North, Mr. Tozvn/hendy Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bacon, )Mr; Cartwright, Mr. Thornton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kyndston, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Staunton, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr Probyn, Mr. OJivald, Mr. More, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Felloives, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Hezvett, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Shelley, Mr Geo. Onslow, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Willes, Mr. Medlycott,

LoVd G eoi Manners, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Sir Henry Er/kine, Mr. Symons, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.* Butler, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Ham-momi, Mr. Butler, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Trift, Mr. Bull, Mr. Smith, Mr. 'Berkeley, Mr. Affleck, Nir. Freeman, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Morton, Mr. Aldicorth, Mr. Reynolds; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, Lincoln, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

K'lo A Bill for laying aDuty of Two Pennies Scots, or Onc-Twn Pmnics hxth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of cot8‘ Ale, Porter, and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fokl, within the Town of KelJ'o, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishiqg a Bridge cross the* River 1weed$ and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned; was read a Second time.

ReJblved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Townshend, Lord North, Mr. Bacon, Mr Vaughan, Mr. More, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Charles Tmcnfhend, Mr. Berkeley,ftw Charles Mordaunt, Mr. A my and, Mr. Crajter, Mr. Felloives, Mr. Gore, Mr Thornton, Si rjohn Turner, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Trijl, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bond, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sandys, Mr. George On/low, Mr. Morton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fidler, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Ald-worth. Lord Digby, Mr. Hunt, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Martin, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Gujliry, Mr. Bulkr, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Smith, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Bailer; and all thevMembers who serve for North Britain: And they ate to meet this 22

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the BiH, intituled . An Act Halford to enable the m6ft noble Duke of Bridgewater, Canal*

to make a navigable Cut or Canial, from a certain Place in the -Township of Salford, to or near Worjley Mill and Midi/ewood, in, the Manor of Worjley, and to or near a Place callpd HoUin Ferny, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill For repairing and widening the Roads Chard

from the East End of the Town of Chard, to the South Roads-End of West Moor, and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through Ilmifter, to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Pease Marsh Lane to Hortdk Elm, and from St. RaneHill to Ilmifter, and from Whitt Cross to Chillington Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the County of Somerset,\v&s read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of the Town of Chard, to the South End of West Moor, and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through Ilmifter, to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Pease Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from St. Rane Hill to Ilmifter, and from White Cross to Chillingtoti Down, and from a Place passed Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the County of Samerfet.

Ordered, That the Lord North do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and coin- Hoton mon Fields of Iloton, in the County of Leicester, and all Iuclolurc-the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Paimer, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, S\v Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. More, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Kynaston, S\rJohn Philipps, Mr. Bacon, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Glynn,. Mr. Martin, Mr.

Lezvis, Mr. Felloives, Mr. Coventh/, Mr. Toxcnfield, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr Prozofe, Sir George Savile, Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Chester, Mr. Staunton, Lord North, Mr.

Ilczvelt, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Affleck, Sir Robert Hild-yard, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Smith, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Foley, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Ridley, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Bayntun, S\r Francis Poole, Mr. Fane, Mr. Ijockyer, Mr. Shelley, Mr.

Trift, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Amcctts, LordRoy-fton, Mr. Duller y and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Derby, Nottingham, and Warzcick:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in,a Bill or Bills, Law/ pursuant to such of the Refoiutions, which upon Tuesday last were reported from the Committee, appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House,which of them are fit to be revived or continued, as were t hen agreed to by the . House, That they do make Provision in the Bill, which shall provide for continuing, amending, explaining, and rendering more effectual, an A6i,m:ide in the Sixtli Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Laflige and Ballastage in the River Thames; for preventing Rubbish, Earth, Sand, Ashes,

Dirt, Filth, or Soil, being put into the Streets, Lanes, and common Passages,in London, and the Liberties thereof, and in such Parts of the Suburbs thereof, as lie within the County of Middlesex; and also from being put into

Aire nrd Caliicr Navigation Parochial Rates.

SiJeby

Inclosure.

Wear

Navigation*

Importation of Cattle -fro n Ireland,

Bankrupt

Laws.

3 2 Geo. II. 12* Martii.

473

the Streets, Lanes, and common Passages, in Wejhhinster, and the Liberties thereof, and swept into, and carried down, the Kennels or Channels, into the said River; and for allowing the Lessee or Lessees. or Occupiers of the Lay Stalls m London, yearly to fltip from such Lay Stalls, on board any Colliers or Coasting Vessels, a certain Quantity of Dung, Comport, Earth, or Soil, in the said Bill to be mentioned, on the Terms, and under the Restrictions, to be contained in the said Bill.

A Bill for the better ascertaining the Proportion in which the Profits of the Navigation of the Rivers Aire and Calder, shall be assessed to the Parochial Rates of the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. Sa-vile, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. More, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. CholmLcy, Mr. Probyn, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Geo. Onjlozo, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Pole, Sir Robert Hild-yard, Mr. Fetlozces, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Proxefe, Sir John Crofje, Mr. Staunton, Mr. White, Mr. Stanley, Sir jVm Philipps, Mr. Town/he nd, Si rJohnTurner, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Afar/iw, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Da/hicood, Mr. Fane, Mr. Drat, Mr. Buller, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bagot, Sir Hennj Erskine, Mr. Nugent, Sir Ju/m Glynn, Mr. Bond, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Fonercau, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Molyneux-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties o \‘York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet, this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Rose Fuller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open arable Fields, open Meadows, and common pasture Grounds, in the Parish of Silcby, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergymen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Nor-zcicJi, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition is depending, for a Bill for making and completing the Navigation of the River Wear, from and including Biddickford, to the City of Durham; and alleging, that the Petitioners conceive such Improvement will be of great Utility to the Trade and Manufactures of that City, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That a Bill may he brought in for making and completing the Navigation of the said River Wear, from and including the i\x\dBiddickford, to the City otDurham; and that the same may pass into a Law, by such Ways and Means, and under such Powers, Regulations, and Provisocs, as to the House shall seem justand reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, and Land-owners, of the County of Ross, in Behalf of themselves, and others, Inhabitants of the same County, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners underhand, that a Bill is brought in to permit the fre e Importation of Cattle from Ireland; and reprefen ting several bad Confe-(piences which the Petitioners allege will arise therefrom; And therefore praying the House to take the Premiles under Consideration, that the said Bill may not pass in-into a La\v, and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Laws relating to Bankrupts, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Amyand, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Vyner,

Vol. 28.

Mr. Probyn, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Staunton, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Sandys, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Jones, Lord Re-girter of Scotland, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Butler, Mr. White, Mr. Buller, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Nugent,

Mr. Grenville, Mr. Tozvnfhend, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr.

Ft Howes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Wilkes,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Trift, Sir John Turner, Mr. Foley, Mr.

FLarbord', and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Bankrupts, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed,on Behalfofthem-selves, and others in their unhappy Situation, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to dif- f£m irckn(i. continue, for a Time to be limited, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rigby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rigby reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Exportation Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for abridg- of Corn, &c. ing and iliortening the Continuance of so much of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue for a further Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread,

Bifeuit, and Starch; and also to continue for a further Time, the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran, as relates to the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Bifeuit, and Starch; and for amending an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the Encouraging of the Exportation of Corn.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That thisHousewill, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the an cans* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

, Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, ^ccl* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

6 E

474

i. 3® Martii. A. 1759.

Mart is, 130 Martii;

Anno 32' Georgii IP1' Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

Debtors. A PETITION of the several Persons thereunder signed, now Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Pecholier, An ingrossed Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act &c. for naturalizing Thomas Pecholier, Peter Harifon, and ^ar* Samuel Bernard Graff, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fellozces, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Kynajhn, Mr. WilkinJon, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Grai-I'ille, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gere, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Wilkes, Mr Amy and, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Mcdlycott, Sir Gee. I e/?gr, Mr. Probyn,

Mr. lemon, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Leivis, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Protofe, Sir Giro. Savile, Mr. Alderman DictAnfon, Mr. IJeivett, Mr. Thoroton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speak* er’s Chamber.

Enft Mr. Wilkinson presented to the House, according to Cot urn Order, a Bill forinclofinganddividing the common Fields

ncoure. jn t|ie ^{anor of Cot ham, in the County of FerA*; and extinguishing the Right of Warren of the Lord of the said Manor, in Part of a Tract of Ground called the &\'i Batts, or Coney Warren, in Zw// Cot ham aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bridgewater Ail ingrossed Bill for repairing several Roads leading Roads. t|)e Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Some?Jet;

and to enlarge the Powers granted by an Act of the 3,1 ft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for ehlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City of Glouc.ester to Stone, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for making the said Act morecffeftual; and the other, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuingTwo Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads loading from ‘the City of Bristol, and the other passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the fame-Act, and for making the said Acts more effectual, and also for repairing other Roads therein mentioned, and for making all the said Acts more effectual, and for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads; and for making the said Act more effectual; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 37. L. 33, 34. To leave out " whole, or an}r Part " or Parts of the:"

Pr. 38. L. 8. To leave out44 and Parts of the Roads L. 16, 17. To leave out " or of any or eithei

" of them

Pr. 40. L. 2. After <c direct," to insert<c and Pr. 44. L. 16. To leave out " respective:"

1,. ! 6. 17. To leave out " where the Tolls 01 Duties shall be lett or farmed out as aforesaid

Pr. G4. L. 12. After Act," to insert " or the said recited Avis."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. zi

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset; and for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts, for amending several Roads from the Cities of Glo.ucester and Bristol, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Kemys Tynte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrell do carry to the Lords, the NYrhrop ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing One open and lnelofur.e common Field, called Neithrop Field, and several Parcels of Land, called Ball's Clojt, the Hooks Common,

Balkes Leys, White Pojt, Cow Layer, Paddock, Great March Causeways, and Ley, within the Town ship and Liberties of Neithrop and Wickham, and in the Parish of Banbunj, in the County of Oxford; and desire their Lordships Concurrence thereto.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, amend, and make effee- Lincobishire tual. An Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of R°acts. his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North-weft Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Ncttlam Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baum -her Fields, to the Wolds, or North-ealt Part of the said County; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from the Well in Eastgate, in the City of Lincoln, and from the North-weft End of Horncaflic, and from the Guide Post at the East End of Hainton, through Bark-tvithy to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill to pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to continue, amend, and make effectual, An Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North-weft Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nett-lam Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or North-east Part of the said County; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from the Well in Eafigate in the City of Lincoln, and from the North-weft End of Horncastle, and from the Guide Post at the East End of Hainton, through Barkwith, to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Amcctts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order made upon the 5th Day of Loughborough this Instant March, for the Bill for dividing and inelo- hicloCurc. sing several open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to be read a Second timeTo-morrow Morning, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the EXponalj0a Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for of Coro,&c. abridging and shortening the Continuance of so much of an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue for afurther Time the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also to continue for a furt her Time, the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any otherSortof Grain,or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran; as relates to the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt,

Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for amending an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the en-couragingthcExportatiou of Corn; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

And

Breedon,

&c.

Inclosure.

Duties on Offices and PenCons.

Licences for ‘c ling Gold, &c. Wares.

32 Geo. II. 13® Martii, 475

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, postponed.

Another of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to the other Parts of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this I louse will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Air. Charlton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committeehad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place , and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second lime, one by one; and, upon the Qudlion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-gro fil'd.

Ordered, That Mr. Grey be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right Honourable 11 arry Earl of Stamford, Lord of the Manor and Alanors of Breedon, Tonge, and Wilson, Patron of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Breedon aforesaid, and a Proprietor of a very considerable Quantity of Land in the open and common Fields, in the said several Townships or Hamlets of Breedon, Tonge, and Wilson, the Impropriator of the great Tyrhcs of the said several open and common Fields, in the said several Townships or Hamlets of Breedon and Wilson, the Reverend Joseph Hooley, Clerk, Vicar of the said Vicarage, and Nathaniel Curzon, Henry Biddle, Gentlemen, and others, Proprietors of Lands in the Fields of the said Township or Hamlet of Breedon, Sir Nathaniel Curzon, Baronet, John Hall, Henry Dunnifirop. and others, Proprietors oi Lands in the Fields of the said Township or Hamlet of Tonge, and the Reverend JJenry Swindell, Clerk, William Mug-glejton, and others, Proprietors of Land in the Fields of the said Township or Hamlet of Wilson.

Ordered, That Lord Norlh be added to the Committee who are appoint cd to consider of the Execution of an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An A6lfor granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions; and to report the FaCls, as they shall appear to them, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the several Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town o f Sheffield, in t he County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House the Grievances which the Petitioners allege theta (elves and their Trade Labour under, by aClause in an Act, passed iall Session of Parliament, which obliges every Person who shall fell or vend any Goods or Wares, in which there is any Gold or Silver manufactured, to take out an annual Licence of Forty Shillings: And therefore praying the

Vol. 28.

House will be pleased to take their Crife into Chnfide-ration, and to give them such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants and Manufacturers in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine, and (late to the House, the Matter of FaCl contained in this Petition.

A Bill for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Three several Acts of the 26th, 28th, and 30th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highw ays and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Alorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to perm it the Free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, for a Time to he limited;

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third time.

A Alotion was made, and the Question being put, that the Bill do pass

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, vi } 85-

Tellers for the Noes,; } 38-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title he, an Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Air. Rigby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the wholeHouse, to whom the Bill todiscontinuefor a Time to be limited the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from Ireland, was committed;

Mr. Rigby reported from the said Committee the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Air Nicholson Calvert reported from the Committee,to whom the Bill for making the River Stort navigable, in the Counties of Hertford and Essex, from the new Bridge in the Town of Bifkop Stortford, into the River Lee, at or near a Place called the Rye, in the County of Hertford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which theybad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered,

General Turnpike Acts.

Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

Importation of Tallow from Ireland.

Marine

Forces.

Stort

Navigation.


47 130 —

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholson Calvert have I^eave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

And a Motion being made, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

Mr Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Ala jetty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Ala jetty gives hisConfent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the said Bill, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grotted.

Earl of Mr. John Bailer reported from the Committee, to Arran’s whom the Bill for exemplifying and enrolling an In-Will. denture of Settlement, and the Will and Codicils, of the late Earl of Arran, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. John Buster have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Queliipn severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14.0 die Martii;

Anno 320 Georgii IId; Regis, 1759.

PR AYERS.

Wetherby A BI LLfor repairing and widening the high Road, to leading from Wetherby to Grafflnglon, in the

Knaresborough county Gf York, was read a Second time.

03 Resolved, That the Bill becommittedto Mr. Thornton, Sir Jinny Sling/by, Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Frederick, Sir John Cust, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Cooley Mr. Smith, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Pro-ban, Sir John Croffc, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Webb, Mr. Pitt, Sir. Gybbon, Mr. Bond, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Fane, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Geo. Onjlnzo, Mr. Thoroton, Lord North, Mr. Sandys, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr. Alderman Dick inf on, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Roger Nezvdigale, M r. Ilewett, Mr JVdipole, M r. Symons, Lord John Circendish, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Vyner, Mr. lhtyutun, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Fonerean, Mr. Archer, Mr. Rigby; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lancaster, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

-c ion A Bill for dividing andinclofrng several Fields, Mea-Indoiuitr. flows, Pattures, common and watte Grounds, in the Parish o\'Ever ton, in the County of Nottingham, vvas read a Second time.

Refoicetl, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charlton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Richard

? Martii. A. 1759.

Lloyd, Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Modlycott, Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Staunton, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Cnfwell, Mr.

Ilewett, Mr. Willy, Mr. Howard, Sir Thomas Palmer,

Mr. Trijl, Mr. Coiebrooke, M:. Proicfe, Mr. Olmius, Mr.

11arbord. Sir Francis Da/hwood, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Crcjffe, Mr. Bacon. Mr, Earle, Mr. Bayntun, Lord North,

Mr. Rowney, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Plum pi re. Sir John Cust, Mr. Martin, Sir James Creed, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Tozvn/hend, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Grenville, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Gajhry; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, Lincoln, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Bath the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 30th Year of K°ids-the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers#granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Ma-jeftVjfor repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdown /////and the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways therein mentioned, leading to the said City, and also for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing the Road from the Six Mile Stone, in the Parish oi'Camer-ton, to the White Pott, in the Parish of Midsummer Norton, and from the Cross Poll, in the Parish of Newton St. Loe, to the Kelflon Road, in the Parish of Weston; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Bath to Bradford, on the Top of Mu nek ton Ilill, in the Parish of Munckton Combe, to the Cross Road leading to Entry Hill; and also the Lane, called Bathwicke Lane, leading from Balhwicke, into the Turnpike Road leading from Claverton, alias Clarton Dozen, 10 Bath; was read a Second time.

Rcjblved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Froze fe,

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Cartwright, Air.

Fellowes, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Molyneux, Lord North,

Mr. Bo got, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Pole, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Geo. Onjtow, Mr. More, Sir Roger Nczc-digate, Mr. Sandys, Sir Armine JVodehouJe, Mr. TozcnJ-hend. Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Hill, Sir John Cust, Mr.

Symons, Sir John Glynn, Afr. Tudzcau, Mr. Coventry,

Mr. Medlycott, Mr Calvert, Mr. Pit!, Mr. Olmius, Mr.

Trift, Sir Thomas Paimer, Mr. Berkeley, lilr. Grenville,

Mr. Ridley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Bulle r, Mr. Leivis, Mr. Probyn, Mr. La/cctles, Mr. Staunton, Sir James Creed, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Coventry,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Archer, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Morton; and all the Aiembers who serve for the Counties of Somerset,

Wills, Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Probynpresented to the House, according to Or" South der, a Bill for repairing the Road from the South End Mailing of the South Street, in the Parish of South Mailing, near ^oa<i* the Town of Lezves, to Glynd Bridge, and'from thence through Firle Street, under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfriflon, in the County of Suffer: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rtjolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Aiettagefrom the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Air.

Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Great for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Glen Fields in Great Glen, in the County of Leicester, called Inclosure, the Nether or South End Fields; and all the Lauds and Grounds within the same Fields, whhout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Co2nl*8 enable John Coant Gentleman, andhislflue, to take and Name, use the Surname of Wakelin, without any Amendment.

And

Sunderland

PwJU

32 Geo. II. 14° Martii 477

And then the Messengers 'withdrew.

Mr. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of 6underland, in the County of Durham, whole Names are thereunto iiibfc.ribed,ou Behalf of themselves, and the several other Commissioners named and appointed by and in pursuance.of the said Act; and also of the Coal Owners and Coal Fitters, interested in the Navigation of the said River, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Mailers of Ships, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, in and near the Town of Sunderland,in the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Mat*-ter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards' delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first mentioned Petition,

Part of an Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Riyer Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, was read.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners called, Mr. Isaac Thompson, Land Surveyor at Newcastle, who being examined, said, That he has been acquainted with the Port and Haven of Sunderland, and the River Wear, upwards of Twenty Years: That the Port and Haven in the Year 1746 were in a very bad Condition: That the Commissioners have been at great Expence in deepening the Channel, and in making necessary Alterations to the Pier:

That Part of the End of the old Pier, which was in a ruinous Condition, has been taken down and erected in a different Direction:

That Two Currents have been laid into One, by removing Rocks., and taking up Sands:

That the Witness apprehends these Improvements Lave been Very advantageous to Trade, and by opening the Channel, Snips can go in and out with much greater Ease:

That he surveyed the River from the Bar to New Bridge§ in the Year 1736, and found it in a very bad Condition, and choaking up with Sand:

He produced a Survey to your Committee, which is hereunto annexed: Appendix, N° 1.

And said. That he had the Perusal of the Books of the Commissioners under the former Act, and took Extracts from them: That in the Year 1746, the Amount of the Expence of the Pier was £.19,787. 2.?. 5 id; and the whole Expence, including the Pier, between 1717 and 1733, winch was during the Term of the former Act, was£. 27,847.14^. 1 \d.-, and from 1733 to 1738, £. .5,086 was laid out in the River and Port:

That he believes these were thewholeof the Expences; and that the Money was raised by a Duty on Coals, and was paid by the Coal Owners and Coal Fitters:

And being asked, How far the Tide flows from the Mouth of the Harbour, up the River ? he laid, Very differently; that he has fecn the Tide rife Six Inches at Newbridge, when it has been 16 Feet and an Half at the Bar; that it commonly flows at Neap Tides up to Mr. Lamblon's High Staith, about Half a Mile above Biddickford:

That he surveyed the River at the Time the late Act passed, when no Commission had been subsistingfor Eight or Nine Years; and that the Harbour was in so bad a Condition, that Ships could not go out with Safety, as they could not take in the necessary Quantity of Ballaft, and get over the Sands:

Vol. 28.

That there is about One Foot Nine Inches "Water at Low-water at Biddickford in a dry Season: That he founded it in February last, and found it of the same Depth, as when he surveyed it:

That a loaded Keel cannot navigate from Biddickford to Newbridge, when a Spring Tide flows Six Inches at Newbridge:

Being asked; Whether there are any Parts below the Staiths, at Forfeits Sands, so low as at Biddickford t he said. Much lower, being in some Parts not above Ninelnchesdeep: ThatSir Ralph Millbank's, Mr. Do-ni/on' s, Mr. Allens, Mr. Peareth's, Mr. Henry Lamb ton's High Staith, and Mr. Nicholas Lamblori's Staiths, are all above Forfier's, Sands; and that Mr. Smith's, Mr. Ncfham's, Mr. Temper's, and Mr. Henry Lambtons Low Staith, are below the Sands:

That the Tide flows at Neap Tides at. Forfier's Sands, One Foot Eight Inches, and at Spring Tides it rises Five Feet Eight Inches:

That loaded Keels draw about Three Foot Water j and that they sometimes lie at Forfier's Sands, Five or Six Days for want of Passage; and that Forfier's Sands are now as bad as ever.

Mr. Joseph Robson being examined, said, That he lives at Sunderland\ and is the Engineer there for the Commissioners of the River Wear 5 and that he has known the Port and Haven of Sunderland Yearsand upwards: That £. 6 ,522 and upwards have been laid out in his Time; and that a Rock, which lay in the Way of Shipping, has been cut through in the deepest Part, about Three Foot Nine Inches; That the Direction of the Pier has been altered, and an Addition made to it; and that great Quantities of Gravel have been taken up, and the Channel made deeper: Thatfmce the Rock has been, cut through, the Channel is almost Three Foot deeper, and is in a better Direction: That Ships can come in now with Winds that they could not come in with before, and can take in larger Quantities of Coals:

That the Trade on the River is considerably increased: That the Witness has feeti 200 Sail of Ships come in with Winds which they could not have come in at all, if the Channel had not been deepened:

That the Channel has been Ailed up with sL Ftefli, but the Stream keeps it open, in Consequence of its being made deeper.

Mr. Jacob Spencely being examined, said, That he has known the Portand Haven of Sunderland 25Years: That in the Year 1746 they were in a very bad Condition; and that the Commissioners have been at a very considerable Expence in deepening the Channel:

That he was employed by the Commissioners in the Year 1750, in deepening Part of the North Channel 2 That it was made deeper by taking up the Gravel, but was of ffiort Duration:

That he received between 3 and ^.400 for deepening Part of the North Channel, and other Works carried on by him: That he was permitted to look at the Treasurer’s Books, where he saw that upwards of jT. 4,000 had been laid out from the Year 1750, to the Time Mr; Robson was concerned:

That by making the Channel in a direct Line* Ships can go out better and with greater Burthens.

Captain Henry Moore being examined, said, That he saw the Port and Haven of Sunderland, mNovember last; and that if a Pier was built upon the North and South Rocks, it would inclose a much greater Quantity of Water, and a very fine Harbour might be made, as the Expence would be greatly moderated by having Materials upon the Spot: That it is capable of Improvement, and might be rendered Safe for Ships of greater Burthen, and might load with greater Safety than in the open Sea, as Nature has contributed greatly towards it:

And being asked, In what Direction it would be proper to lengthen the present Pier ? he said, He would leave it as it is, provided new ones were made; and when a Pier was made to secure the South arid North Winds, Ships might lie in the Harbour with greater Safety.

6 F Mr.

47 8 140

to norland Mr. Robson being again examined, said, That it would

*,0,u be neeeffai y to deepen the Channel at the Bar: That the Length oft he Bar, from the Pier End to Low-water, is about 8oo Feet, and that the Breadth of the Channel is 300 Feet; that the Bar is full of loose Stones; but that the Stream scours and keeps open the Channel: Ifliat it Would he necessary to build the South Pier in the Manner described in the Plan annexed, Appendix 2. And that when the Piers aretiniflied, it would be a complete Harbour: To make the Entrance good, ’till these Works are completed, he would make an Addition to flic present Pier, to prevent Sand coming in, and would deepen the Channel:

That-if the Harbour is left, as it now is, it will be hnpoflible for Shins to get into it at all, in a few Years, Except Ships of a (mail Draught of Water.

Being a Iked, how many Ships could lie with Safety in the new projected Harbour in a hard Gale of Wind, at E. N. E. ? he said, About an Hundred Sail; but, that not above Half of them could lie on Float at Low-water: That 3 or 400 small Ships can lie in the present fifarbour, when the Wind is in the same Direction, if they lie dole:

That the Depth of Water under the North Roek, at tovv-water, is about 12 Foot: That there is 12 Foot Depth of Water for the Length of 400 Feet in the new projected Pier at Low-water:

1 hat light Ships may come into the Harbour, but not go out loaded: That a Ship of 300 Tons has gone out. Joaden, with 14 Keels of Coal; but could only go out with 7 or 8 Keels before these Improvements were made: That he has made a Computation of the Expence of the Temporary Works, and thinks they may be done for about £. 600; but that the Works, as 'projc&ed in the Plan, will cost between 30 and £.40,000.

Mr. Cuthbert Swainsion, Clerk to the Commissioners, being examined, said, That the Commissioners wereadr vised by Mr,i?«ddand Mr. Faivcilt, that they could not erect Works or Piers without the Consent of the Owners oft he Lands: That he was Clerk to Mr. Winfield, who was Clerk to the former Commissioners; and that in the latter End of the Year 1748, he first attended the Meetings of the Commissioners; that he observed from the Books, that they had treated from the Commencement of the Act, to the Beginning of the Year 1753, with Sir jledworth Williamson, for Leave to erect such Works as were thought necessary for the Improvement of the Harbour: That they came to an Agreement with Sir Hcd-worth WilliamfonTor Leave to build a North Pier; but that one of the Trusteesof Sir Hedwor til's Settlement re-iufed to confirm the Agreement:

That he has often heard the Commissioners say, That they believed they had no Power to erect Locks: That, they had Power to tfcat with Owners of Grounds for their Consent to erect Piers; but that they hftd found that Power very ineffectual, as they could not compel the Owners to part with their Grounds:

Being asked, Whether he had seen the Counsels Opinion? he said. That he had got Mr. Rudd's Opinion by him, which ishereunto annexed. Appendix.^?0 3.

Mr. jRobfon being further examined, said, That the CiVftom was to lay Gravel that had been removed out of . the Channel in the Harbour, on the North Side of the River; but that when he attempted to lay Gravel there, he was ordered by the Owner of the Ground to lay no more there: That they are obliged to lay their Gravel now on a Key, at the upper End of the Pier, and then it is carried near 150 Yards further: I hat tome of the Gravel was taken up near the Pier, and some 111 re e Quarters of a Mile from it.

Mr. Spencelcy being again examined, said, That he was employed by the Commissioners to dredge Gravel from the Harbour of Sunderland, to make the Channel deeper: That he was ordered to apply to JoJhph Roper, Steward o {Hilton Eft ate, for Leave to throw the Gravel that was taken out of the River upon forne waste Ground belonging to that Estate: That he obtained Leave, but H

Martii. 1759,

it was found very inconvenient arid afterwards he was directed to apply to John Good child\ who lived near the River, for Leave to throw it on his Ground; for which the Commissioners paid Five Pounds.

Mr. Robson being further examined, said, That he thinks it practicable to make the River navigable to Newbridge, without Locks or Dams, at the Expence of about £. 19,000; but that the Bed of the River mult be lowered to make it navigable without Locks or Dams:

He produced an Estimate of the Expence, which is hereunto annexed, Appendix N° 4.

That the River may be made navigable with One Lock and Dam to Newbridge: That rf a Lock arid Dam was placed at Blacksford, the Expence of Building the Lock, and lowering the Bed of the River from Biddich-ford to the Lock, that Keels may come up at Neap Tides, will be about £.7,000.

That he has seen Keels at the Foot of the Stream at Blacksford:

That the Distance from Biddickford to Blacksford is 2:,o74 Yards; and from Blacksford> to Newbridge is 2,258 Yards.

Mr. John Smith, a Millwright, being examined, said. That he is chiefly employed in making of Locks: That lie had viewed the River from Biddickford to Newbridge, and thinks it impracticable to make it navigable without Locksmr Dams, at a less Expence than £.20,000; and even in that Cafe, he did not think it wouldanswer, for that in Times of Floods and Frelhes, the River would fill up again *. That the Witness thinks the River may be made navigable with a Dam and Lock:

He produced an' Estimate of the Expence, which is hereunto annexed, Appendix N° 5.

That he would place the Lock and Dam at Lampton High Ford, about 8 or 900 Yards below Blacksford, which would cost about£.7,000.

Being alked the Qucition, he said. That if ,the River was made navigable from Biddickford Lock to Newbridge, Keels might come up at Neap Tides to Newbridge: That he surveyed the River by Order of the Commissioners, on the 30th of October lall:

That hedoes not think Floods would scour the Rirer; he speaks from his Experience of the River Ouze: That' the Bed of the River Ouze is much the same as this; but that there are no Rocks: That the River Wear winds1 very much between Blacksford and Biddickford.

Mr. Thompson being again examined, said, That he does not think it practicable to make the River naviga-r from Biddiciford to Newbridge without a Lock; but’ that he can’t say, how. much the Expence would be: That he viewed the River lately, and found the Soundings the same as in the Plan delivered in by hi rate If.;

"Mr. Spenceley being further examined, said, That he does not imagine, that the Duties 'to arise during the; Term of the Act, will be sufficient to complete (he Works at the Harbour, and to make the River navigar! ble to Newbridge: That the Dutiesyduring that Term, which is about Nine Years, will not amount to£. 15,000: That the annual Income of the Duties is from 12 to £>1,506, and upon aMedium, about £,1,350: That on the 24th June 1758, there was an Arrear of £.2,335: He supposes the Reason of that Arrear was, That the l>refenfc Works carrying on did not requite the whule Duties to becolleded:

That the Duties are inercafed within these Three Yekrs: That he believes this Increase was occasioned by the Improvement of the Harbour.

That the Commissioners had at Christmas 1 aft about - £-7°° m their Hands: That he has taken this Part of his Evidence from Mr. J flute's, the Treasurer’s, Books.

Mr.JohnThornhill, aCoal Fitter, beingexamined, said, That great Damages have been done to the Works, car-, rying on in the Harbour of Sunderland, occasionecl by Floods, and by Ships and Keels breaking loose: That about Two \rearsago,a Ship that he was concerned in was broke loose by other Ships, and was forced upon the Works; and that he has fcen foveral others in the fame

Situation:

LjO Me

5 2 Geo. II; 14°

479

Situation; That sometimes Anchors have been dropped in the Works in the Channel, which has done consider* able Damage to them; but that he apprehends these Damages might be prevented, if a I Iarbdur-master was appointed to give Directions for placing of the Ships, as there might be proper Places left for Ships to go in and oat of the Harbour; and that they might lay more properly for taking in of Coals; and that great OBHruc-tions have happened in the River by Keels meeting together in different Places, which might have been prevented if such an Officer had been appointed:

That the Coal Fitters are forced to go themselves, in order to give Directions for opening the Passage: That Keels have sometimes been Hopped ior Four or Five Days together; and that there are about 300 Ships belonging to Sunderland.

Mr. Charles Burn, a Coal Fitter, being examined, said, That he has seen great Damage done to The Works by Keels and Ships coming into the Harbour, and by Anchors being thrown in the Works:.

That the Works have received as much Damage in One Tide, as would take up Five, Six, or Ten Tides, with an Hundred Men to repair: That he has remembered great Stoppages to Trade by the Irregularity of the Mooring and moving of Ships; and that there are sometimes Three or Four hundred Ships in the Harbour, and when the Wind has been fair, they have beOn all ready to go out at one Time; and that every Ship endeavours to get out as fast as possible, by which Means they have been entangled together, and the whole Padage been Hopped for Four Days: And that if a Harbour-master had been appointed to direct a proper Number of Ships to go out together, these Stoppages might have been prevented: That there is a Person appointed to prevent Nuisances: That the Commissioners have no Power to oblige Persons to make good Damages; but that he has paid Five Pounds for his Ship laying Two Tides by the Pier.

To prove the Allegations of the Second mentioned Petition,

Mr. Szvainston produced to your Committee, a Book of the Accounts of the Commissioners, whereby it appeared, that the Sum expended by the Commissioners to the 9thof7tf«?;a;//laH,amoimtedto^.i2,o37.19.9. 10 d.

And that the Sum received by the Treat urer to the Q&mmifl\oner6 from the Commencement of the Act to the 9th of January 1759, is £. 12,799. 12^* an(l

that there was at Midsummer laH, in Arrear from the Coal Owners and Coal Fitters £. 2,335. 15 8 i d.

Mr. Spejiceley informed your Committee, That the Sum of £. 4,547. 4 s. 2 d. had been expended by the Commissioners at {undry Times in deepening the South Chanuelv and that there is a complicated Charge for deepening the South Channel, and Works carried on at the Pier, of £. 1,451. 10s. 11% d. for taking up Forjler's Sands, £. 174. 8.9,. 7 d. and for other Services in the River Wear, £. 3,049. 19 s. 11 \d. for the Pier only, £. 1,635. 6 s. 6%d. and for Salaries and other Incidental Charges £. 1,106. 12 s. 6 d.

And being zffked, Flow much had been laid out on the Harbour ? he said, That the Sum of £. 174. 8 s. 7 d. was applied to the taking up Forjiers Sands, except

about 30 or £. 46 which is included in the incidental Expences; and that all the rest of the Money had been expended in making the Harbour.

Appendix, N° 3.

G. 1. Whether have the Commissioners a Power to make the River navigable from Biddickford to Newbridge, by Dams and Locks

2. Whether have the Commissioners a Pqvver to begin any Works for making the same navigable alter the 24th June 1759; or if any Works for that Purpose are by them begun before that Time, have they alter that a Power to continue and carry on same during the lte-fidue of the Term

ToQ. 1. By a Clanfe, Page 8; C. 9. of the Bill, the Commissioners are impowered to survey the River so tar as to the Newbridge, and to make and keep and continue it navigable, during the Term of 21 Years; and as no Methods are prescribecl to them executive of others, I think that they may make Locks or Dams for that Purpose, if they can agree with the Owners of the Soil to permit tiu n to fix down their Dams or Locks; the Removal of Sands, Shoals, and other Obstructions, and Impediments. is Part oft he Duty that ispreferibed to them; and jf that had been practicable,. they would have been ' obliged to have done that; whereas that is not done, nor can poiimly be done, before the 24th Day oI'June 1759; I think they are full impowered to make it navigable, by such Ways and Means as they are able.

2. G. T his I think is in a great rirealute answered above.- Their Power is general; and they may do the Business at any Time, during thj*Terfri, either by removing Sands, S'c. or by erecting Locks; for though they are ordered to do it by a certain lime, and may perhaps be subject to be confined foj- not having done it by that Time, yet they are not forbid to do it afterwards.

Tho. Rudd.

Durham, 16 Nov. 1758.

Appendix, N° 4.

Sunderland, 24 June 1758.

Gentlemen,

According to your Order, I have taken the necessary Surveys up ttie River; and, for a better Underhand ing; it may be necessary to mention the Four Methods of making the Water in a River deeper: And,

First. By adding more Water.

2d. By contracting the Breadth.

3d. By lowering the Bed.

4th. By making Dams or Locks.

The Frrli of these is seldom practicable.

The Second, in some Cafes, is adviseable.

The Third is the belt Method,provided it can be don© at a reasonable Expence.

The Fourth is most^practised.

Sun<(pflan4

Port.

VOL 23

The

14* Martii. . A* 1759.

Sunderland The following is an Estimate of the Expence to make the River navigable, for Loaded Keels, from Biddickford Poit’ to Newbridge, by lowering the Bed of the River: And,

First, Of the Expence to make the River more navigable, by lowering the Bed of the River between Biddickford and the Firii considerable Stream or Water-fall, a little below llarraton Halt.

Feet

The Didance from Biddickford to the said Stream or Water-fall 6*960

50 Breadth

To be deepened 50 Feet broad, and Two Feet deep in the Mean 298,000

2 Depth

596,000 Square Feet of Gravel

22,074 Square Yards of Gravel

5».51 Si-

Tons of Gravel to be taken up . - - - - 27,692 £. s. cL

To take up 27,59* Tons of Gravel, at 10 a Ton amounts to - - - 1,149 o o

10,728 Yards of Key 4^ Feet High, at 8s. a Yard Rining Measure - i,43° 8 o

£*579 8 0

By this Estimate, it is supposed Gravel all the Way; but if a Part prove Rock, or Clay, or if Land Floods bring down Gravel and increase the Number of Tons, the Expence will be higher.

Here follows an Estimate of the Expence to lower the Bed of the River from the aforesaid Stream, a little , below Harraton flail, to the next Stream or Water-fall, above the Ditlance, is 2,838 Feet.

As the Bed of the River appears to he Rock all this Distance, it is difficult to ascertain the Expence; but it will not cost less than 7 s. a Square Yard, and this Part muff be deepened Three Feet at least. f Length of the Cut - 2,838 Feet

In the Rock < Breadth - - D°..... 46

I Depth - D° - - 3D0 £. s. d.

14,246 Square Yards in the Cut, at 7 s. a Yard, amounts to * - 4*986 2 0

This Part will require no Keying

This last Place contains an Estimate of the Expence to lower the Bed of the River 4 £ Feet deep, from the last mentioned Stream or Water-fall, to the Newbridge, supposing only 2000 Feet of the Distance Rock.

The whole Ditlance being ... 6,072 Feet

r The Cut in Length - 2,000 D°

In the Rock < D° - - Breadth - - - 45 D*

I D° - - Depth - - - 44 D°

14,999 Square Yards of Rock, at 7^. a Yard, amounts to

SM9 3

The remaining 4,071 Feet in Length, I apprehend, will prove chiefly Clay, which will cost is. 6d. a Square Yard.

f Length of Cut 4,072 Feet v

In the Clay < Breadth - D# - - - - 50 D°

I Depth - - D* - - - - 4£ D*

33,933 Square Yards of Clay, at 2 s. 6 d. a Yard amounts to - -

Key to keep up the Banks, tic. 8,144 Feet Length, and Feet High, at 8 s. a Yard Rining Measure, amounts to- ——

For repairing Damages by Floods, 8(c. and Materials to make Dykes, &c.

4,241 12 6

1,447 o o 500 o o

1 ft Sehemi Total - - £.19,003 3 6

For Leave to build Keys, lay Gravel, Stones, tfc.

An

3 2 Geo. II.

14° Martii.

481

An ESTIMATE of the Expence to make the River Wear navigable, for loaded Keels, from Biddichford Siraderland

to Newbridge, by Dams and Locks.

The Dams 10 Feet high and 180 Feet long, with 3 Openings, each Opening 23 Feet wide; the Foundation 48 Feet broad. Level on the Top Feet, the Bason or Lock may be made to hold any Number of Keels.

1,260 Feet of Timber for Sleepers, at 10d. a Foot 410 Piles, Labour included, 15$. each ' - - 307

8,640 Feet of Plank, at 6d. a Foot -Labourage to lay the Plank -

1,676 Tons of Stone, at %s. 6d. a Ton delivered

Masonry to 986 Square Yards of Stone-work, including Terras, Morter, Cramping, Claying, at 8^. a Yard -

To 3 Gates ——

Contrivances to open the Gates -

To secure the Dams below - - -....

For Leave to build Dams, Sic. -

Expence of One Dam D° other Dam -

Port.

Total Expence -

This Estimate calculated by me, Witness my Hand,

Appendix, N° 5.

Jof. Rob/bn.

£ s. d.

" 52 — —

3° 7 10 r —

216 — —

IOO — —

293 6 —

rtng,

394 8 —

60 — —

i° — —

218* — "

1,651 4 —

- i>6.5i 4 —

- 3>302 8 —

3>3°2 8

2>579 8 —

£ 5>88i 16 —

An E ST I MATE of the Expence of making the River Wear navigable, betwixt Biddichford and Nezobridge.

1 ft. To take up the Bed of the River 2 Feet deeper than it now is, from Biddichford upwards £. s. d.

to the proposed Lock, 1986 Yards in Length, and 54 Feet in Width, at £ 1. 4s.per Yard 2,383 4 —

zd. To cut through Land 200 Yards in Length, at £. 2. 10s. per Yard - - - 500 — —

3d. In the Hock 125 Hoods of Alhler Walls, ar^. 6 per Rood ----- 750 — —

4th. A Platform 63 Yards in Length, at £. 7 a Yard - - - - . - 441 — —

5th. Four Gates with the Iron-work - - 120 — —

6th. A Dam of Stone across the River - -- 1,800 — —

7th. Three Clows or Sluices at one End of the Dam, each Four Feet Square - 200 — —

8th. For [jumping Water, the Expence is uncertain, but supposes - . - - 200 — —

9th. For Carpenter Work - - 300 — —

£. 6,694 4 — -

Unforeseen Accidents - —

For Leave to make aCjnt, and erect a Lock - — — t-

By John Smith.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Exportation An ingrossed Bill for abridging and Shortening the.

Continuance of so much of an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue for a further Time the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also lo continue for a further Time the Prohibition of the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit for a limited lime the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Bran; as relates to the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour,

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for amending an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the Encouraging the Exportation of Corn; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for t aking c.lf the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and ddire their Concurrence.

Wye A Petition of the Freeholders, Traders, and principal Navigation. Inhabitants of the antient Borough of Hajlcmere, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That if the Y7ol. 28

Bill depending in the House, for extending and cohtinu-ing the Navigation of the River Wey, other wise Wye, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Godalming, in the said County, should pass into a Law, the Trade of the said Borough will be greatly injured, and no material Advantage will arise from the proposed Extension of the said Navigation, to the Public: And therefore praying.

That the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of William Daw the younger, and Maxi~ Collection milian Daw, Committees of the Person and Estate of William Daw the eider. Clerk of the King’sSilver Office, l°*s‘

a Lunatic, was presented to the House and read; alleging, That if the Bill for the more regular and easy col-left in g, accounting for, and paying of, £oft Fines, which shall be due to the Crown, or to the Grantees thereof. under the Crown, and for the Ease of the Sheriffs

6 G in

L.

14° Martii. ’ A. 17^9.

in respect to the fame, as it is now framed, should pais into a Law, it would deprive the said Lunatic, and his Successors, of an antient Fee belonging to his said Office, which the said Lunatic, and his Predecessors, have received, on Searches made in the said Office for Port Fines, by the Under Sheriffs of the several Counties ;and may beotherwise prejudicial to the said Office: And therefore praying the House, That such Provision may be made in the said Bill for saving the Ellate and Interest of the said Lunatic, in the said Office, as the House shall think proper:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Plunkett’s Ordered\ That Lord Powerscourt, Mr. Bond, Lord

and Vtrney, Mr. Sandys, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Ban fees, Lord

Fftanw Egnwnt, Mr. Maxwell, Lord Thomond, Mr. John Camp-

bell, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Edward Herbert, *Mr. Nejbilt, Sir John Elzvell, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Thomas: Crasler, Mr. Bolton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for giving further Time to Truiiees therein named, to execute certain Trufis veiled in them, in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland, in Trustees, in order to sell the same to Protestant Purchasers, is committed.

frost Fines. A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the foreign Appofer, or other proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Exchequer, at Westminster, do lay before this House, a Lilt of the Names of all and every Lord or Lords of Liberties, Proprietors, or Gran-> tees under the Crown, of Post Fines on Writs of Covenant, sued out for the Passing of Fines in his Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas, at Westminster, together with a List of the several Hundreds, Liberties, and Districts, for which they and every of them lb claim;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers fur the Yeas, } 63-

Tellersfor.heN.es,} s7.

So it was refoIVed in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said foreign Appofer, or other proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Exchequer, at Westminster, do lay before this House, an Account of all, and every Sum and Sums of Money allowed by him or them td such respective Lords of Hundreds, Liberties, and Districts, Proprietors, or Grantees under the Crown, for their several Post Fines, for Seven Years, ending Michaelmas 1758; distinguishing each Year; together with an Account of the Fees claimed and taken by the said foreign Appofer, and other Officers, and each of them, in obtaining the respective Quietufes for such Post Fines.

Turnpike Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Roads in the better Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that

cot and part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that M r. Hope Weir, Mr. Townshend, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Oswald, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Chesterfield The Lord George Cavendish reported from the Com-Road. mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the

Road from C heft erfield to the Turnpike Road at Hcrnston Lane Head, and also the Road branching from the said Road upon the East Moor, through Bajloiv and Wardlow,

' v 1 to the joining of the said Roads again near Wardlow Mires, and also the Road leading between the said Road

and Branch from Calter Bridge to Bajlow Bridge; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road near New-shaven House, to the Turnpike Road near Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee *5

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with *he Amendments, in at the CIerk’sTable: AVherethe Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of thern, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, to difeontinne, for a Time to be Importation limited, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from of ^aIl.0W. Ireland, was read the Third time. ' from Ireland.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs -. And that the Titlebe,

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde r ^7* to the City of Glasgoxc; and for building a Bridge cross Aravigktion.. the said River, from the said City, to the Village of G or bells; was read a Second time.

RcJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elliot,

Colonel Campbell, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Baton,

Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. llarbord, Mr. Cholm ley, Mr,

John Pitt, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Alderman Dickinfun,

Air. Wilkes, Mr. Medlycott, Sir William Peeve Williams,

Mr. fown/hend, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Bond, Mr. Grenville,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gqjhry, Mr. Fellowcs, Mr. Calvert,

Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Trifi, Mr. Dr ax', Mr.

Smith, Sir Geo. Sarile, Mr. Heicctt, Sir Richard Lloyd,

Mr. Plumptrc, Mr. Willy, Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. Gore,

Air. Fuller, Lord Ferney, Mr. Symons, Admiral Ofiorne,

Mr. Affleck, Lord Digby, Mr. Foncreau, Mr. Pi'!, Mr.

Amcotts, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Moly-neux, Mr, Rigby; aiul all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. ‘

Ordered, That the Bill to amend and explain an Act, Srroudwator made in the Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, Navigation intituled, An Aftformaking navigable the River Stroud-zoater, in the County of Gtoucester, from the River Severn, at or nea.rFra?niload, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Edward Fullard, Yeoman, one of the Everton Freeholders of Lands, situate in the Parish of Everton, Inclosure-in the County of Nottingham, on Behalf of himselfand John Drew, of West Stockwith, Edward Fn hoard Labourer, Nicholas Whitacres, John Flower of Scrooby,

Jonathan Booth, John Wilkinson, John Hurjt, Richard Kirby, Edward Matthews, George Ogle, John Ilenrifon,

James Tomlinson, George Bingham, Joseph Witkinjbn,

James Windle, Charles Bay ley, Willi am Fiflier, If rad Nicholson, The mas Anely, John Ma/lender, William Laugh-/07jjunior, George Richards, John Gandy, Robert Kitching,

John Woodhead, Thomas Rayiies, Thomas Stephen, Francis Baynes, John Windle, Thomas Szvannack, William Morris, Elizabeth JFilfoni John Moorhouse, John Cnjzcorlh, and RebeccaMal}endar,a.w(\ several others, Freeholders, Lease-' holders, Tenants, and Occupiers of Freehold Melinages, Cottages, Tofts, and other Inhabitants, oft he Townships of Everton and Harwell, in the Comity a fore said, was presented to the House, and read'; fetiing forth, That as well the Petitioner, as the several other Persons above-mentioned, together with many others, to the Amount of Forty Persons or thereabouts, are leifed of or in tit led to several Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, and Lands, situate in Everton and Harwell a fore said, and in Right thereof are intitled to feedahd depasture their Cattle of all Kinds, and at all Times, without Stint or Number, and to cut Fuel, upon a certain Common or Walk; Ground there, called

Ever! an

ie

2 Geo. II. 140 48 J

t

1

Kirkby

Kendal

Road.

Plymouth

Poor.

V

Everton and Harwell Common, containing about 1,300 Acres; and are also intitled at all commonable Times in the Year, to feed and departure their Cattle of all Kinds, in and upon 2,000 Acres of arable, meadow, and pasture Ground, or thereabouts, ly ingdifperfedly in the open and common Fields of Everton and Harwell aforesaid, without Stint or Number; and taking Notice, that a Bill is now depending, for dividing and inclosing the said waste Grounds, and open and common Fields; and alleging. That the Petitioner conceives, that in case such Bill shall pass in the Manner it is now framed, the same will be greatly injurious, inconvenient, and detrimental, to the Petitioner, and tend to his, as well as other Persons, great Loss and Damage; and also to the Impoverithment of great Numbers of poor Inhabitants, having such Right . of Common as aforesaid: And therefore praying. That the Petitioner, and the other Persons before mentioned, may he heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, and have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House il>all seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee,to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Pastures, common and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Everton, in the - County of Nottingham, is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Sir James Ijowtker reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Bcrrgh of Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Wefimore-land, and of the several Townships of Kelfington, Levens, Heversham, Milnlhorpe, Beethom Wajfet, Holme, and Barton, in the said County of Westmoreland, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. William Ogle being examined, said, That he is well acquainted with the Roads from Kirkby Kendal, by Sizergh-fellfide to Levens Bridge, and through MUn-thorp to Dicks's, and from Milnthrop to Hangbridge, and from thence to the Guide Pcft near Clawthrop Hall, where it joins the Heron Syke Turnpike Road, which are extremely bad, there being scarce one Fopt of good Road in the whole.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, does, if his Majesty’s Interest is concerned therein, recommend the Consideration of the said Petition to the House; and likewise gives his Consent, that the House may do therein, as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up and read; setting forth, That the said Land-owners and Inhabitants, as also many of their Forefathers, have, from time to time, been extraordinarily rated to the Land Tax, by Means whereof there now lies, and for many Years part hath lain, several Sums of Surplus Money, so collected, in the Hands of divers private Persons, who have been Collectors of the said Land Tax Money, and others, into whose Hands some of the said Surplus Money hath been paid, which was levied and collected before the Year 1747, and reserved for and towards the Arrearages due thereon, from which, by the Land Tax Act of 1757, an^ other prior Land Tax Acts, there is aCiause for a general Acquittance: And therefore praying, That the Corporation of the Work-house in the said Town and Borough, may, by the Bill, on their Behalf, now depending in the House, be impowered, in thfeir Corporate Capacity, to account with such Collectors, or other Persons, for all Surplus Money so collected and received, and to apply the same for the Ease and Benefit of the said Tow n, towards the Discharge of the Money, borrowed by the said Corporation, for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem proper and reasonable’.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty and of the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fiiday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House., to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

That many Parts thereof are rough and dangerous and others extremely narrow: And that the said Roads cannot be widened and repaired by the Laws in being:

That the Town of Milnthrop is the only Sea Port in the County of Westmoreland, to which Goods to Kirkby Kendal are chiefly imported: That the said Town of Kirkby Kendal is chiefly supplied with Sea Coal from thence; and that if the said Road was repaired, it would be very beneficial to the said Town and the adjacent Country.

Several Members present confirmed Mr. Ogle's Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening the Roads from the Town of Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, by Sizergh-fell-Jide, to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the Town of MilUhrop to Dixes, and from the 1 own of MilUhrop aforesaid to Hangbridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road, at the Guide Pofi near Clawthrop Hall, in the County aforesaid: And that Sir James Lowtlier and Mr. Cornewall do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Land-owners and principal Inhabitants in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, Payers to the Poor in the said Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being offered to be presented to the House;

Vol. 28.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Sir John Cust reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottefiord, Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to St. Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Dei'by, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Sir John Cust have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Marine

Forces.

Grantham

Roads.

484 H9 — 15° A. 17 §9.

Nwton Mr. Alderman Dickinjim reported from the Commit-Pavine, tee to wlK)m Bill for the better enlightening and Tc. cleansing the open Places, Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, and other Places, within the Manor and Liberty of Norton Falgate, other wise Norton Folley, in the County o i Middlefet\ and for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, within the said Manor and Liberty; was re-committed; That the Committee lmd made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to ' the said Bill, were severally read a Second time* and, upon the Qufteion severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 150 die Martii;

Anno 320 Georgii IP1 Regitf, 1759.

Prayers.

Malmcibury QRD ERED, That Mr. Speaker do ifluelhs Warrant Writ. to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ

for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present> Parliament for the Borough of Malmejkury, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable George Benlinck Esquire, commonly called Lord George Bentin ck, d e c e a fed.

Pctholier, Mr. Fellozvcs reported from the Committee, to whom &c. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

Nat. naturalizing Thomas Pecholier, Peter Havifon, and

Samuel Bernard Graff, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill ,in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended af’theDoor;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted* to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Hogsheads of Tobacco, with their Weights, imported into Hnglated', from Ckrifimas 1738* to Chrijhnas 1758; and how mutfh'of the said Tobacco has been re-exported; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Allowances granted’at the Scale on each Hogshead of Tobacco imported into England, from Christmanq38; to Ghrijtmas 1 758 ^diiiingiwflilug each Year: And also,

An Account of the annual Amount of Allowances made to the Merchants trading in Tobacco, from Chrijhnas 1738, to Chrijhnas 1758; distinguishing each Year; and the Allowances, under their respective Heads.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.: The said Accounts are preserved amongfhthe other Papers of this Section.

The House being informed, That Mr. JuUiott, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Public Debts, at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, standingout atthe^th Day of January 1759, being Old Chrijhnas Day, with the annual Interest, or other Charges payable for the fame. And then he withdrew.

And the Tide of the said Account was read.

The said; Account is as followeth; m.

1


-by

Accounts of Tobacco.

Accstant of Public Debts.

3 2 Geo. II. 15 0 Ma485

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, (landing out at the 5th Day of January 1759, being Old Chridmas Day; with the annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

Principal Debt. Annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

£ s. d. J.836,275 17 1®* £ * d. 136,453 12 8

108,100 7.567

78,755 x4 10 2,200 9.539 12 —

3,200,000 97>285 H 4

1,000,000 30,401 15 8

3,200,000 500,000 4,000,000 100,000 — 15,000 — 121,898 3 5f

1,750,000 — 52,500

1,250,000 — — 37,500

986,800 29,604

10,537,821 5 I] 321,900 3

i7*7°i>32>3 t6 4 540,996 14 —

1,500,000 — — 53*343 15 —

1 3,000,000 — — 90,000 —

4,500,000 i57>500 —

500,000 — — 15,000 — —

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed and unsubscribed to the South Sea Company Ditto for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorffiip, being the original Sum contributed -

Ditto for Two and Three Lives, being the Sum remaining after what is fallen in by Deaths -

Exchequer Bills made out for Interest of old Bills -

Note, The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, being annual Grants, are not charged in this Account, nor the £. 1,000,000, charged on the Deductions of 6d. per £. on Pensions, SCc. nor the Sum of £. 800,000, charged on the Supply Anno 1759.

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

By Two Acts of Parliament, 90 Willi. $tii Regis, and Two other Acts,

6° 8C 90 Annde Regime, at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. -Annuities at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1744, charged on the Surplus of the additional Duties on low Wines, Spirits, and strong Waters

BANK OF ENGLAND.

On their Original Fund at^.3 per Cent, per Ann. from the 1 ixAitguJl 1743 For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 3* Georgii primi Regis -Purchased of the South Sea Company -

Annuities at £. $ per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Duty on Coals, Kc. since Lady-day 1719 - Ditto — at £. 3 per Cent. per Annum, charged on the Surplus of the

Funds for Lottery 1714....

Ditto — at£. 3 per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1746, charged on the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, since Lady-day 1746 - Ditto — at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Sinking Fund by the Acts 250, 28% et 30° Georgii idi Regis - Ditto — at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, charged on the said Fund by the

Act 25° ( Georgii idi Regis....

Ditto — at £. 3f per Cent. per Annum, charged on the said Fund by the Act 290 Georgii idi Regis -

Ditto — at £.3per Cent, per Annum, charged on the New Stamp Duties, &c. by the Act 30° Georgii 2di Regis -

Ditto — at£. 3£ per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Duties on Offices, Pensions, Sc. by the Act 31° Georgii idi Regis - Ditto — at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, charged on the said Duties, by the said Act..... -

Memorandum: The Subscribers of£. 100 to the Lottery 1745, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 95. aTicket, which amounted to 22,500; but is now reduced by Lives fallen in to £. 19,645. 15; and the Subscribers of£. 100 to the Lottery 1746, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 18 s. a Ticket, which amounted to£. 45,000 5 but is now reduced by Lives fallen in to,£. 39,658. 10. And also the Subscribers of £. 100 for 3 per Cent. Annuities, Anno 1757, were allowed an Annuity for One Lif £. 1. 2.6. which amounted to£ 33,750; but is now reduced by Lives fallen in to£. 33,700, which Annuities are an Increase of the National Debt; but cannot be added thereto, as no Money was advanced for the same -

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

On their capital Stock and Annuities, 9* Georgii primi Regis -Annuities at 3 per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1751, charged on the Sinking Fund - ....

25*025,309 13 1 2,100,000 — -

82,776,586 8 2i

93>004 b —

765.3*6 3 64,181 5 —

2>739>002 3 5

Memorandum: The Accounts of the Exchequer continuing to be made up to the old Quarter Days, is the Reason that this Account is made up to the 5th of January 1759 (Old Christmas Day), and not to Christmas last, as directed by the Order of this honourable House.

Exchequer, the 15th Day of March, 1759.

Vol. 28.

Solomon Paul Julliott. 6 H

Ordered,

486 i c° Martii. A. 1759.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Admrafure- Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Or-n cnr of der, a Bi}| for continuing, amending, explaining, and Caa,s* making more effectual, an Act, made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City and Liberty of Westmmfier, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Pariffics of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew, Ilolborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the Firli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Stort An ingrossed Bill for making the River Stort naviga-Njvigacion. foje jn tj)e Counties of Hertford and Effi'X, from the Newbridge, in the Town of Bishop Stort ford, into the River Lee, at or near a Place called the Rye, in the County of Hertford; was read the Third time.

Re/hlved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making the River Slort navigable in the Counties of Hertford an cl Essex, from the Newbridge in the down of Bishop Stortford, into the River Lee, near a Place called the Rye, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholson Calvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Encouragement The House was moved, That the Second Section of of Seamen. an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the Act, of the 29th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement \of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty's Navy: And that Mr. ClevLmd and Mr. Amyand do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Melfage from the Lords by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

Chard The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Aosiiijs. for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of the Town of Chard, to the South End of the West Moor, and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through Ilmijler to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Pease Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from St. Rune Hill to Ilmijler, and from While Cross to Chilling fan Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks, over I ford Bridges to Bridge Cross, in the County of Some?jet, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Levant Mr. Townshend. presented to the House, according to Trade. Order, a Bill for the better preventing the Importation - of the Woollen Manufactures of France into any of the Ports of the Ixvant Sea, by or on the Behalf of any of his Majesty’s Subjects: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Fvpinng Mr. Alderman Die kin Jon presented to the House, ac-Laws. cording to Order, a Bill to continue so much of an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Ma-jofly, as relates to the further Punilliment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Cuiloms or Excite, and to the lu lief of Officers of the Customs, in Infoimations upon Seizures; and to appropriate certain Penalties mentioned in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the making of Bread, and regulating the Price and Assize thereof: And t lie same was received; and read the First time.

22

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir James Lowlhcr presented to the House, according Kirkby to Order, a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, Kendal the Roads from the Town of Kirhby Kendal, in the Reals. County of Westmoreland, by Sizergh fell Side to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the Town of Millfhrop to 'Dixes, and from the Town of Milllhrop aforesaid to Hangbridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road, at the Guide Post near Clawthrop Hall, in the County aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing and rendering effec- Rfdnefj tual certain Articles of Agreement, for the inclosing and dividing certain Commons or Waste Grounds, call- j^et ed Redness and Sioinefleet Pastures, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement, for the inclosing and dividing certain Commons or waste Grounds, called Red* ness and Sivinefteel Pastures, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Sadie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Manning Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for the more effec- tl^Nav tually Manning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships or Vessels in the Merchants Service;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

An ingrossed Bill to amend and explain an Act, made Strpudwater in the T hird Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti- Navigation, tided, An Act for making navigable the River Stroud-water, in the County of Gloucester, from the River*Stow/?, at or near Framihad, to Wa lib ridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County, was, according to Order, read the Third time

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for reserving to the Commissioners the Power of appointing other Persons, to make the River navigable in case of the Forfeiture of the Commissioners named in the Bill:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Quoit ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. L. 2. To leave out " Reason of," and insert,

" any Works to be made by and to leave out, " Navigation," and insert, " Undertakers, in pursuance of " this Act;"

L. 13. To leave out, <c or, " and, after " across," to insert, " or on the Side or Sides of."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the IToufe: And the Bill was amended at the 'Fable accordingly.

Then a Motion being made, That the Bill do pass;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 14th Day of April in relation to the passing of a Bill, for veiling, for a certain Term therein mentioned, in John Tuiie, his Executors, Ad ministrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Water Engine, by him invented, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to amend and explain an Act, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near ' Framiload>

32 Geo. II. 150 —

Framiload, to Wallbridge, near to the Town of Stroud, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholson Calvert, do carry the Bill to the Lords, anddefire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Marine The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Forces. whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Elliott took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Elliott reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made fevc-ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

MmHiefter Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson have Leave

School Mills, to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House acco: dingly, That the Order made upon ThurJ'day lad, for the Bill for discharging the Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, from the Culiom of grinding all their Corn and Grain, except Malt, at certain Water Corn Mills in the said Town, called \\\eSchool Mills; and for confirming fuchCustom wbh re!pert to Malt, upon the Payment of a pecuniary, in Lieu of the usual, Toll; and for settling and icon ring to the Feoffees thereof, a proper Satisfaction lor their Eftale and Interest in the said Mills, to be applied to the charitable Uses for which the same were granted, to be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, be now read;

And the said Urder being read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 16° die Martii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

Mndbury, A/fR* Alderman Baker presented to the House, ac-&c. 1\A cording to Order, a Bill, for repairing and widen-

ed* ing the Road from Mod bun;, through the Church Town of Yelmplon, and ihe East End of Brixton Church Town, and through the Town of Plympton, and the Village of Underzvood, to the North End of Lincoita Lane, in the County of Devon: And* the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Botley A Petition of Benjamin Gutteridge, of Witney, in the Can few ay County of Oxford, Clerk, and John Pinnell, of Duckling-Road. ton, in the same County, (’Jerk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads leading from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Camp field, in the said County of Oxford, and from Witnessin the said County of Oxford, to the West End of Botley Causeway, in the County of Berks, have borrowed of the Petitioner Benjamin Gut-leridge the Sum of £. 700, and of the Petitioner John Pinnell, the Sum of £. 50, upon the Credit of the Tolls made payable at Two Turnpikes erected upon the Road leading from Witnessto Botley Caifeivay, one of which is erected at or near the West End of the said Causeway, and the other at a Place called Neivland, near Witney, and alleging, That the Petitioners observe, that a Petition-has been presented to the I louse, for aClause or Clauses Vol. 28.

»° Martii. 487

for removal of the said Turnpike at Botley Causeway; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the same isremoved, as prayed for by the said Petition, it will occasionfogreat a Diminution of the Tolls, that the Income accruing from the said Gates will be inefficient for the Payment of the Interest of the above Sums, and for keeping the said Road in Repair; and as the Petitioners lent their Money upon the Faith and Credit of an Act of Parliament, they hope the IToufe will not suffer any Part of their Security to be abolished, or rendered precarious; and further alleging, That the Petitioners are informed, that Part of the Road, for the Repair whereof the Petitioners advanced their Money, is not yet begun to be repaired, for want of Money for that Purpose; and that if the said Botley Gate be removed, the Payment of Toll may be in a great Measure evaded, by Persons travelling on the said Road: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, before any Clause or Clauses shall pass, as prayed for, in the said former Petition, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of t he V ice Chancellor, Heads of Houses, Mayor, Aldermen, and others, Members of the University and City of Oxford, whose Names are thereunto fu bferibed, and d i vers 01her Persons, Inhabitants of, or interested in, the Counties of Oxford and Berks, West of the said University and City of Oxford, and within Five Miles of the fame, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Sir Charles Mor daunt reported from the Committee, Barrington to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open Inclosure. and common Fields, called Little Barrington Common Fields, and aCommon or Waste, called the Downs% within the Manor of Little Barrington, in the County of Gfou-refer, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read:

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be ad journed till after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton presented to the House, Mold, according to Order, a Bill For repairing and widening &c-

the Roads from the Town of Mold, to the Town of oa s’

Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-y-cafor and Conway, and from the Town of JVrcxham, to the Towns of Ruthin,

Denbigh, and to the Town and Port of Rufhland, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for amending and widening the Road leading Stretford'* from Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to Bridge the New Inn in the Parish of Wmft onflow, in the County Road-of Salop', and also the Road from Blue Mantle Hall, near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymjlrey, in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Mortimer s Cross to Aymjlrey Bridge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley,

Mr. Carlwijghl , Mr. Proufe, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr.

More,

u.

Sunderland

Port.

488 16° MaA 1759;

More, Lord North, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fuller, Mr. /////, Mr. Pyc, Mr. Fellcxces, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Buller, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Alderman I)ick~ iiijon, S>\v Geo. Savile, Mr. Heioc.il, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Prolnm. Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Staunton, Sir JW/w Mr. Bud gen. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Leiois,

M r. Symons, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Rice, Mr. Tyner junior, Mr. Boynton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Waller, Mr. Affleck, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Fonereau, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Martin, Mr. Ward, Mr. Townshend; and all the Members who fc-rvcfor the Counties of Hereford, Salop, and Worcejtcr; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The I Joufe was moved, That the Report, which, upon the 20th Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Durham, and of Gentlemen, Clergymen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the said City and County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; and was then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesiv King George the First, for the Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, anj:! Port of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, was read: whereby it appeared, That the Commissioners therein named were impowered to make the said River navigable, from the said Port of Sunderland, to a Place called New Bridge, in the Parish of CheJIerdefrect, and from thence to the City of Durham; for which Purpose certain Duties were laid upon Vessels navigated upon the said River, with a Power, to cause to be erected upon the said River, or the Shore, or Grounds contiguous thereto, Locks, Dams, and Sluices, with several other Powers and Authorities, more effectually to enable them to carry the said Act into Execution, for the Term of 21 Years:

And it appeared to your Committee, That in the 13th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, inConsequence of a Petition of the Commissioners, appointed by the aforesaid Act, an Act of Parliament passed, giving them a Power to contract for Lands, and other Powers, for the more effectual Prefer vat ion and Improvement of the said River I Tear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland.

That, by another Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, which wasalfo read; certain Comtnifliuners therein mentioned, and their Successors, were authorized and impowered to causeaSurvey to be made of the said River, as far as a Place called New Bridge, and no farther; and to cause the said River to be made and kept navigable for the Term l 21 Years, from the 24th Day of June 1747; and by aClause in the said Act, the said Commissioners are particularly directed, before the 24th Day of stine 17,59? to remove all Sands, Skoals, and other Obstructions and Impediments; and to make and maintain the said River effectually navigable for Boats, Keels, and Vessels. of the Burthen then used upon (he said River, between a Place called South Biddick or Biddickford, and New Bridge aforesaid, for and during the Residue of the said Term of 21 Years, with such Powers and Authorities for carrying the said Act into Execution, as is therein mentioned.

Then in order to {hew to your Committee, That the Commissioners have not yet complied with the Directions of the laii mentioned Act, so far as the same relates to extending the Navigation from Biddickford to New Bridge aforesaid, the Agent for the Petitioners called, Mr. John Smurfit, who said, That he had lived within Three Miles and an Half of Biddickford, for 40 Years, and knows the River from t lie nee to Newbridge very well; and that nothing has been done by the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts, towards making any Part

of the River Wear navigable between Biddickford and Newbridge aforesaid; and the Witness said, that the River is not at present navigable to Newbridge, nor ever was in his Memory:

And being asked I he Question, he said, In Spring TidesfomeKeelsmay have gone as high asM v.Lampion's Staith, which is a little above Biddickford; but that, the River has never been navigable higher than M r.Lampton's Staith in the Witness’s Time; and that the Tides don’t so much as swell the River up to Newbridge.

Then to Ihevv the great public Utility ofextending the Navigation from Biddickford to the City of Durham,

The said Mr. Smurfit informed your Committee, That there are several Mines of Coals on each Side the River Wear, between the City of Durham and Biddickford; that the bringing Coals to the present Navigation is attended with a very f^reat Expence, as several Collieries lie at a very great Distance from the present Navigation, and the making of Way-leaves is attended with a very great Expence: That several of the Collieries now in use are above Miles from the present Navigation; and that the moll distant Part of (hole Collieries would not be above T#o Miles from the Navigation, if it was extended as far as the City of Durham; and the Witness mentioned several Collieries which lie close to the pro-pofecl Navigation; and said, it was his Opinion, that if the proposed Navigation was effected, it would reduce the Price of Coals at London.

Mr. John Shirley, an Architect, said, That the making the proposed Navigation from Biddickford to the City of Durham will be of great Utility, both as to the Carriage of Coals and other Merchandize, particularly in the Carriage o Coals to Sunderland, as there are Collieries all the Way 01 each Side the River between Biddickford and Durham; and that if these Collieries were opened, the Witness said, he believed the Coals would be fold cheaper at the Port of Sunderland,than they are at present. Then, Mr. John Smeaton, Engineer, fair). He had viewed the River proposed to be made navigable between Biddickford and the City of Durham, in which V iew he had aflilled himself by a Plan made by Mr. Shirley. in the Year 1731; and where (lie River had varied its Course, or appeared to differ from that Plan, he had shewed the Variations in a Plan, both which Plans he laid before your Committee; and Mr. Smeaton gave it as his Opinion, That it was practicable to make the said River navigable for Keels of about 20 Tons and a Quarter Burthen, being such as are at present used upon the River between Sun-derland and Biddickford aforesaid: That these Keels draw less Water than any Vessels he ever saw; and that there is Water enough to carry any Number of them that can be wanted; that he apprehends 48 of them may pass a Lock in 12 Hours Time:

That some Parts of the River will easier be made navigable than others; but that he is satisfied the Whole is practicable:

That from Biddickford to Cocking ford is about 7 Miles; and he said, lie apprehended the Expence of making that Part of the Navigation would not exceed £. 8,000; but as to the Expence of continuing it from Cockingford to Durham, lie said, that was very uncertain, as it will be difficult to cut through the Rocks, and to make the Locks; but that he believes the Expence will be about £. 20,000; it may be more or less; but he thinks it thereabouts.

And Mr. Shirley being again examined, said, That the Plan, by which Mr. Smeaton aflilied himself, agrees with the Survey taken by the Witness in the Year 1731, by the Direction of the Gentlemen of the City and County of Durham; and he produced to your Committee the Original, containing an Account of the Levels; and he gave it as his Opinion, that the whole Navigation might be completed for £. 20.000; for that the Rocks may be of Advantage, by furnishing large Blocks of Stone, for various Purposes.

The House was also moved. That the Report, which upon Wednesday last was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in

Execution

Ererton

Inclosure.

Macclesfield

to

Buxton

Road.

Privilege.

2 Geo. II.

4%

Execution an Act of Parliament, made and pafleti in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderlmd,in* the County of Durham, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the Several other Commissiotiers named and appointed by atidin pursuanee1 of the Said Act; and also of the Coal Owners, arid Codl' Fitters, interested in the Navigation of the said River, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Matters of Ships,: Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, in and near the Town of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, whose. Names are thereunto subscribed; were SeveralIy rpfqrred; and was then ordered to lie upon the Table; might fye read:

And the same was read accordingly*

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 20II1 Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for thebetter Preservation and Improvement of the River JF<?ar, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, might be read*

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and completing the Navigation of the: River Wear, from and including South Riddick or BiddickforA in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham > and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the *otli Year of'his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act for the better ^referyat ion and Improvement of the River Wear, riivf Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durhami as relates to making the said River navigable between the said Two Places, called South Biddick or Bid-dickford, and Nezo bridge, in the County of Durham: And that Mr. Tempest, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Hewett, and Mr. Crofter, do prepare and hfing in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act, made in the 20th Year.of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled An Act for the better Pre-fervati.cn and Improvement of the River Jfrear, and Port and Ilaven of Sunderland, in the County of 'Durham, as relates to the Port and Haven of Sunderland, and the River Wear, between SouthBiddicfc and tyiddickforcl, and the said Port and Haven: Apd that Mr. Solves SLIII Mr. Hewett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Impropriator of the Great Tytliesiinlhe Parish of liver ton, in the County of Nottingham, and of several Freeholders, and Persons interested in a certain Common, called Ever Ion Common, and in the opep arable Fields, open Meadows, , Pastures, and waste Grounds, in the Townships of Fverlon and Harwell, in the said Parish, be referred t o the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Pastures, common and wpfte Grounds, in the Parish of Ever Ion, in the Cqunty of Nottingham, is committed.

An ingrossed Bijl for repairing and widening the Road from the Croft, at Broken Crofts, in Macclesfield, in the County of Che tier, through Macclesfield Forest, to the present Turnpike Road, at Jhe.Soqth End of the Fown-ship of Buxton, in the County of Derby, was" read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Crofts, at Broken Croft, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chef ter, t hrough Macclesfield For eft, to the present Turnpike Road, at the South End of the Townfh’ip of Buxton, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Warren do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence. T

A Complaint being made to the House, That in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Samuel Stonehouse'of

Vox.. 28.

Newton Farm, TfufaafLuaisof MenmQU

/m?junior, of Pencoydin Hertfdrd/h irAffvhqfvcqsf^orr' of Monmouth, and JohnLncas) u rdor*^ofM&tynoitt.h» 1 Wg. forcibly entered upon, andlftiil make ufeoC a Ffthery at.

Hadnock;belonging to Member oftfyis’

House. . t\ ' , r

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Pri*r' vileges and Elections to examine t he'Matter of the ft Complaint; and to report I he fa pie, with their Opinio^' thereupon, to the House.: ' j. . - , 1

A Biflfordividingand inclosing the of^ arable Field?, Sileby

open Meadows, and common Paftur* Grounds, in the Inclosure Parish of Sileby, in the County of Zeicester, was read a Second trmeft: '

Resolved, That the Billbe co^nmit^edfo fylr. Charlton,.

Mr. Plumptre, Sir Francis pole, Mr. BacpnjSyr Richard,

Floyd, Mr. Motyncux,' Crejwell\ Mr. Xfwoto^i, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Probyn, Si\Zfiarles Mor daunt, ifc. Fynafiom Mr. Witke5, Mr. Mdlycott, Tsiv Gpre, Mr^RurrelL, Lord . Geo.MannersMr. Ridley, Mv. Delaval, ftlxftyder, Mr, jWilly, M* Bertie, Mr,; Calvert, Mr. Sa^idys, Mr. barhe^ght',. Mr More, Mr.: GeorfinJlqwft Mr.. Trift, \

Mn I^ezOis, Mr, Smith, Sir Thomas* (^layering, fylift Amcotts,l Sir.Joiui Cvq/fc, Mr. Tywnjhend^, Mr. Vynerft Mr. Stuw?ton, S\?Charles KemysTynte, Mp. Symons, My.

Jj ’arren, Mv. Freeman, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Prowse, Mft Faugh an, Mr. NugeHt^’hbtd Robert Bertie, Mr . Harvey.,. l ord Vxmey.', and all the Member? *whq Serve for thfe Counties of Nottingiuim, Leicester, fincoln, and York:

And they are to meet this Afternoony at Five of tl^p,

Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. . ft

Mr. Cholmley presented to the Iloufq, aqcordiing to Studley Order, a Bill to continue, amend, and render more eflec-ttird, an Act, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of Roads, iiis present Majesty, intituled an Act for continuing an A or, passed in the 1.3 th Year of the Reign of his ^ate Majesty King George the First, so fa? as thp same relates to the repairing the Road from Studley Bridge to Chipr penham, in the County of Wilts; and for amending the Road from Chippenham io Pickwick, in the same County; and to repeal so much of an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road bctxvcenChippenham BridgeaxidLowerStanton; and fbramending, widening, and renderingcommodioqs, the said Road; and also the Road from the Sign of the Plough, in the Parilli of Kingston St. Mkhael, to the Turnpike Road at GriClkettm*, and also the Road from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at SuttonBenger, in the said County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First time. -

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr Hewett do carry to the Fords, the Redncft ingrossed Bill for establ iftiing and rendering effectual cerr ?n<*

tain Articles of Agreement, for the inclosingand dividing certain Commons or waAeGroupds^ callep QecfneJ's ^ind Swinefleet Pastures, in the County of York, and define their Lordships Ccfnctirlence thereto.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Loughborough Readiogof the' Billfordividingandinftofingleveralopcn nco urc* Fields, Meado Ws, and Commons,within the Lordiship apd Liberty of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester ft

And the House being informed. That no Couhfel attended;: ’ . > . -

.The laidi Bill was read a Second time.

&/iidd, Thatthe Billbecommitted to ftlr.Town fiien^,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Charles Townjiend of Yarmouth, Mr. Plumptre, , Lord Regitter of Scotland,

Mr. Bond, Mr. Calvert, }<lr. Bacon^ $ir Roger NewfU-gate, Mr. Pye, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fonereau, Sir John Cujl,

Mr. Felloides, Sir Willoughby Afion, Mx. Mqvc,' Sir 'Geo. SdtUe, M r;. Kynajlo Si r Fi ancis Poolex M r.Butler,

Si? (fharles Mor daunt, Mr. stagot. Sir ^fattliav'fcn^\

kjoogie

Loughborough

Inclosure.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Marine

Forces.

490 1 — 19'

Mr. James Grenville, Sir Francis DaJkwood, Mv.Burrell, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Honey-wood, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. 7V$, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Probyn, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Sandys, Sir yo/m Glynn, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Vynerjunior, Mr. Prowse, LordDigby, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. PzV/, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Symons, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Alexander, SirWilliam Courtenay, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Ellis, Mr, Lockyer, Lord Verney; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, Derby, and Warwick: And they are tomeet this Afternoon, <Ct Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Freeholders and Inhabitants of the To'wn of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, and ot: the several Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, and Common*?* tying within the open Fields, Meadows, and Commons; of the said Town, whose Names are thereunto subscritK^* on Behalf of themselves, and several others, which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of this Instant jlfarc^ and

I V/ *> I r

then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the la.,d "ill should be read a Second time, with Orders relating’ to the Hearing of Counsel, with respect to the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

' The Order of the Day being read, for the House to fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Surpluses stated the 5th of April 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses stated the iothof October 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, "Anno 1757/rhe u Account of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; distinguishing every Article " of Expence under its proper Title;" be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Prices of the federal Salts, used in the Victualling his Majesty’s Navy, according to the present Contracts, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon McmcfayMorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of W ays and Meansfor raising the Supply granted to his Majesty-,

Resolved, That this House, will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Elliot reported from the Committee of the whole f House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of his Mk-

Martii. A. 1759.

jesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, tyas committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The Order made this Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certainopen and common Fields, called Little Barrington Common Fields, and a Common or Waste, called the Dozens, within the Manor of Little Barrington, in the County of Gloucester,' wascotamitted; after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read:

TheHouse resumed theadjournedConsideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

‘ That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrolit^-

Mr. Fellozves Reported from the Committed* to whom the Bill for draining rjid preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Somersham 5nd Pidley with Fenton, and the Parish of Colne, in thv? County of Huntingdon, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given theft* Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowcs have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Comm it tee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Hewett presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, leading from the East Side of Barnfley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Crofs\ and also the Road from the Guide Fofi, in Bar ugh, to a Rivulet, called Barugh Brook, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Hezvelt have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna 190 die Martii;

Anno 32° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759. Prayers.

MR. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Field? of BreedonfTonge, and Wilson, in the Manor of BreetfpnyanA County of Leicester, and certain

commonable

Barrington

Inciosure.

Somerihim

and

Pidley

Drainag*

Bamfley,

&c.

Road.

Breedon,

fee.

Inclosure.

South

Mailing

Road.

Chesterfield

Roads.

Duty on Offices and Pensions.

32 Geo. II. 19 Martit.491

commonable and waste Grounds within the respective Liberties thereof: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of South Mailing, near the Town of I^ewes, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence through FirleStreet under the Hilly to Long Bridge, in the Parish of Alfriston, in the County of Sujfe:r, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Probyn, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Warren, Mr. Page, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Tho-roton. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Brand, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Nejbitt, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. St aunton, S\r Francis Poole, Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Peachy, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sewell, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Thornton, Colonel Grey, Mr. More, Mr. Geo. Brudenell, Mr. Burrell, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Affleck, Sir Henry Erskine, M r. Hammond, M r. Lascelles, M r. Trift, Mr. Gaftiry, M r. Sandys. Sir LionelPilkington, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Coventry, M r. Molyneux, M r. Crefwell, M r. Martin, Lord Gage, Mr. Moore, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Prozcfe, Admiral Gi'iffin, Wir. Fuller, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Fanshaw, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. John Brudenell, Mr. Symons, Mr. Morton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex, Kent, and Surt'ey; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield to the Turnpike Road at Hcmfton Lane Head, and also the Road branching from the said Road upon the East Moor, through Baftoxo and Wardlow, to the joining of the said Roads again near Wardlow Mires, and also the Road leading between the said Road and Branch, from Calver Bridge to Baftow Bridge; and also the Road from the Turn pike Road near Kerchavert.House, to the Turnpike Road near Gi'indleford Bridge, in the County of Derby; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairingandwidening the RoadfromCfoyfcr-field, to the Turnpike Road at Hemfton Lane Head, and also the Road branching from the said Road upon the East Moor, through Baftow and Wardlow, to the joining of the said Roads again near Wardlow Mires, and also the Road leading between the said Road and Branch, from Calver Bridge to Bajlotv Bridge; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road near Nexohaven House, to the Turnpike Road near Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That the Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Calthovpe, from the Committee appointed to cor»-fider of the Execution of an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move the House, that that Part of the Order made upon Friday the 9th Day of this Infiant March, which directs the said Committee to report their Opinion to the House, upon the Matter to them referred, might be discharged.

And Mr. Calthorpe moved the House accordingly.

And the said Order was read.

Ordered, That, the said Part of the said Order be discharged.

JAt.Calthorpe, also from the said Committee, acquainted the House, That the Committee haddireded him to move the House, that the said Committee may have Pow^r to report their Proceedings from time to time to the House.

And Mr. Calthorpe moved the House accordingly.

Vol. 28.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings from time to time to the House.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render effectual, so much of an Act, made in the 13 th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to restrain and prevent the exceffi ve Increase of Horse Races, and for amending an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming; as relates to the Increase of Horse Races, and so far as the same is now in force; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montague and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for transferring to the Guardians of Charles William Molyneux, an Infant, a certain Power of Leafing, contained in the Marriage Settlement of Richard late Lord Viscount Molyneux, deceased, during the Minority, and for the Benefit of the said Infant: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Lionel Pilkington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Dexofbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed. That the Bill for the bet* ter preventing the Importation of the Woollen Manufactures of France into any of the Ports in the Levant Sea by or on the Behalf of any of his Majesty’s Subjects, was not properly prepared;

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, is committed.

Mr. Hope Weir presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great BrilaincdXitdScotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Somer-sham and Pidley with Fenton, and the Parish of Colne, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An A6fc for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Somersham and

Pidley

Law respecting Horse Race*.

MoHneux’s

Marriage

Settlement.

Dewsbury

to

Ealand

Road.

Levant

Trade.

Loughborough

Inclosure

Turnpike Roads in Scotland.

Somersham

and

Pidley

Drainage.

492 i9° — 2b* M 1750.

Pidley with Fenton, and the Parish of Colne, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ‘

Winchester, Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom &c. the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Ox-Roads, down Gate, in PopkarthLane, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Hut fey ,to Chandlersfor d; and from Hurfey aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romjey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborne M infer, in the County of Dorset; was committed ;’That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be.true.; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,.in aj; the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe-, ,r . \ verally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

- , Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Supply. Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report tpthe House; which he read in his Place; and af-.feryvards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth, viz.

-Re/glvcd, That it is the Opiniop of this Committee, /TitfitaSum, not exceeding Twenty-four thousand Three Jhppdred. Seventy-one Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven , Jtence Three, Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, to re-plaice to the §inking Fund the like Sum paid ouf« of the fame, tQ tnnke goo$,the Deficiency: on the 5th Day of July\i75$, ofthje additional Stamp Duty on Licences for .^taiji^g Wipe, Duty on Coals exported, and Surplus of . the D,uty on licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, made ia Fund by qn Act 30 Geo. 2*1, for- paying Annuities at t|ie Bank of England, after the Rate of^. 3 per Centum on Three Millions; as a lfo the Life Annuities, payable at the Exchequer, and other Charges thereupon, j y Resolved, That,it isthe Opinionof this, Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight Thousand Eighthun-, dred Eighty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence halfpenny, be,granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of Ju[y 1758, of the Duties on Gla^s and Spirituous Liquors, to answer Annuities on Single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 19 Geo. 1. t Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be employed in maintaining , qpd supporting theRn^V// Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

. That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Two hundred

and Eighty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be paid ' , tq Roger Longy D.D. Lowndes's Astronomical and Geo-

metrical Professor in the University of Cambridge, without Account, to enable him to discharge, in pursuance of the Will of Thomas Lowndes, Esquire, (the Inventor of a Method for meliorating the BrineSalt of this Kingdom) a s-v; Mortgage upon an Estate, devised for the Endowment of the said Professorship, by the said Thomas Loivndes, and ’ *. , to reimburse to the said Roger Long the Interest Monies

1 1 he hathpaid, and that are growing due, and the Expences

lie hath incurred in respect of the said Mortgage; and that; the same be paid without Fee or Reward.

The, said Refolptiops, jieing feyerally read a Second tin% were, upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

15

The Order of the fray being, read, for the House to General resolve ifcfelf into a Committee of the whole Ploufe, upon the Bill for amending and reducing into One Act of c s' Parliament, the Three several Acts of the 26th, 28th, and 30th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign., for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.:

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That tjns House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways awl Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the General House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole turnpike House, upon the Bifl for amending and reducing intoOne Act of Parliament, the Three several. Acts of the 26th,

28th, and 30th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the better Performance of Statute-work upon the Highways leading over Commons, Moors, and waits Grounds.

Ordered, That all Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Use of-Carriages with broad Wheels, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Glynn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Sir John Glynn reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Committet Moore, M r. Lambton, M r. tienry Finch, Si r Geo. Dalfton, . of

Mr. Hewett, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. More, Mr. Bris-towe, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Bond, Mr. Butler, Mr. Trift, c‘

Mr. Nor they, Mr Amcotts, Mr. Barrow, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marti s, 20° die Martii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Dickinson, from the Office of the foreign Appofer of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, containing a List of the several Hundreds, post Fines. Liberties, and Districts, claiming Poll Fines before the foreign Appofer in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster, with an Account of all and every Sum and Sums of Money allowed by him to the said respective Hundreds, Liberties, and Districts, for, Poll Fnies/Tor Seven Years, ending at Michaelmas 1758; distingurthing

each

32 Geo. II. 26° Martti.

49 J

each Year; together with an Account of the Fees claimed and taken by the said foreign Appofer for.such Poll Fines.

And then he w ithdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper Was read.

And Part of the said Paper, being; a special Return, with respect to Part of the Order of this House, pursuant where to the said Lift was prepared, was also read.

Airand A Petition of the Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and

Caider Tenements, within the Township of Wakefield, in the

Paroddal°n R^ing of ^ie County of York, whose Namesare thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that in the Bill for better ascertaining the Proportion in which the Profits of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Cab der shall be assessed to the Parochial Rates of the Town of Wakefield, in the West* Riding of the County of York, Provision is made for defraying, out of the Monies to be raised and levied in the said Township for the Relief of the Poor, not only the Charges and Expeoces of passing the said Bill into ajbaw, but also of an Application to Parliament in the Jaft-Session for assessing the Owners and Farmecs^of the said Navigation, to the Parochial Rates of the said Town of Wakefield, and for Relief, with,respectc to the Arrears of such Assessments,: whereby, in cate the same should pass into a Law, the Petitioners, the Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, within the (kid Township, will be burthened with such Charges and Expellees; and alleging, that a Subscription was entered into by divers of the Owners of real Estates within the said Township, Promoters of the said several Applications for defraying the Expenses thereof, and the Petitioners hoped the Monies, so subscribed, would have been applied to the Pur poles aforesaid, and that the Petitioners should not be obliged to pay out of their own Pockets the Charges of obtaining an Act, the principal Benefit whereof will accrue to the Owners of real Estates, and not to the Petitioners, who are mostly Tenants at Will: And therefore praying, That the said Clause may not Hand Part of the said Bill; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Admeasure- Ordered, That the Bill for continuing, amending, ex-

ment of plaining* and making more effectual, an Act, made in the lgtli Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parities of St Giles in the Fields, St. Mary Le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, be printed.

Chappel Bar Roads.

Exportation of Corn, &c.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A6fc for repairing and widening the Roads from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Newhaven, and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oaker-thorpe, to Ashborne, and from the Cross Poll on Wirkf-worth Moor, to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chappel-en-le frith, at or nearLongston, in the County of Derby; and from Selfton to Annejlty Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking off the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Account of Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

M°A^fUred Majesty> That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-°n TCU regions, that an Accpunt be laid before this House of all Sums of Money which have been issued by his Ma-VoL. 2 8.

jesty’s Orders pursuant tb M Address of this House, for the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1759*

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Sir Thomas Palmer reported from the Committee* to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Hoton, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Mrs. Morton, possessed of £. 24 a Year, who said, lhewasnot free to sign; John Kendall, possessed of Forty Shillings a Year, who is in Germany; William King, possessed of Forty Shillings a Year, who said his was afcnallThing, and he did not choose to sign; and Edward Charles, possessed-of; Five Shillings a Year, who said, he would not figti the Bill, because he did not like it; and that the Value of the whole Lands in the said Parish amounts to£. 339 -6 a Year; and that no Perfion appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report.to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; rand afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Were Once read throughout *, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Elliot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Roger Newdigate reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Vice Chancellor, Heads of Houses, Mayor, Aldermen, and other Members of the University and City of Oxford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and divers other Persons Inhabitants of, or interested in, the Counties of Oxford, and Berks, West of the said University and City of Oxford, and within Five Miles of the fame; and also the Petition of Benjamin Gutteridge, of Witney, in the County of Oxford, Clerk, and John Pinnell, of Duckling ton, in the same County, Clerk; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.:

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Several Acts of the 18 th and 35th Years of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, and the 3d and 16th Years of the Reign of King Charles the First, for the repairing and amending of the Bridges and Highways near unto the City of Oxford, were read; whereby it appeared, That the Charge of repairing the Ways, Bridges, and Passages, leading to the University and City of Oxford, within One Mile of the fame, is to be defrayed by the Refiants and Proprietors of Lands, within Five Miles of the said University and City of Oxford, or that an annual Rate in lieu thereof, should be paid to the Vice Chancellor and Mayor, for the Time being, towards the amending of the fame: And,

Mr. Thomas Walker, being examined, said, That the said annual Rate for repairing of Botley Gaufeway, being one of the said Mile-ways, which amounts to the Sum of/. 11 - 14, hath been constantly paid, as by the said 6 K A &?,

Hbton

Inclosure.

Marine

Forces.

Botley

Causeway

Roads.

4$4

20° Ma

A. f]S9-

ASts is directeft; that he had ftrteyed the said Caulb- together with the £. so boi+owedof Mr. was

way, which extends from East to West, through Part of expended in the Repair of the Road.; and that the Com-

il. n____!__/ I*__i___i T)_- i v _ _*_____ . Vr* _ i__*___x/f____ ¥T_ ^____i_____:___

the Counties of Oxford and Berks, and is the common1 HbrfeRoad to many Place's, particularly to Farring-dim, Bath, and Brifl'ol: Theh*

Part of an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Tdp of Crtckley Hill, in the County of Gtoucejfer, to Camps field, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford, and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham, Cumner, and Botley, to' the City of Oxford, was read; by which it appeared, That Power wars thereby given to erect One or more Gate or Gates, upon any Part of the Horse Road leading from Witnessto the West End of Botley Gaufeway, and to take Tolls thereat for the Repair of the last mentioned Road, which comes in from the North Side thereof so as nearly to form a Right Angle with the said Causeway:

And being asked the Question, he said. He apprehended, that the Mile-way Contributions repair to the Chain of Stones which comes up dofo to the Gate: And, Richard Bujby, being examined, said, Thit he has* known the Causeway from Oxford to Botley Gkte repaired by the University of Oxford 3 that he don't apprehend the Gate frauds upon the Causeway, but very hear to it 3 and that he has seen Persons, employed by the Trustees to the Ensham Road, fling down Loads of Rrtbbish on both Sides of the Gate, withiiv Obe Yard of the Oxford Side of the Gate, and Eight Yards of the other Side:

Mr. Walker, being again examined, said, He has travelled frequently on the Road from North Hincksey, Curhner, Botley, Henwood; and Bradley, Chaw ley, Eaton-hill End, Stfoud, and Whitley, and many other Places, to Oxford, and has been obliged to pay id. for going through the said Gate, although the Witness only passed Ten Yards on the said Road 5 that he' apprehends the Inhabitants of the several Places before mentioned do annually contribute towards the Reparation of the said Mile-way, and are not in the least benefited by any Repairs of the said Turnpike Road, which ends at the Commencement of the said Causeway, but are by the said Gate prevented from enjoying the Benefit of a Road maintained at their own Charge, unless by Payment of an additional Toll; and that he apprehends, if the Turnpike was removed 40 Yards from where it now Hands, that Gate, and the Gate at Neuland, neat Witney, would Hill produce more than sufficient to pay the Interest of any Sum of Money which the Trustees are empowered to borrow by the said Act of the 24th of George the 2d. And,

Mr. Bufiy, being again examined', confirmed the aforegoing Evidence: Then,

Mr. Matter, being again examined, said. That there is a Ferry called Ensham Ferry, which lies between the said Two Gates ob the Ensham Road, which lets at 80 Guineas a Year, but that People that pass the said Ferry pay both going and coming, whereas People passing through the Gate pay only Once, and therefore believes the Profits at,the Botley Gate would be Half as much as the Ferry: But being again alked the Question, he said j That all Persons coming over the Ferry do not come to Oxford, some go to Abingdon 3 that he ha9 calculated the Income of the Ferry, and believes that a

missioners have no Money in Hand towards paying off the said Debt:

That the'Gateat Botley isf farmed at r - £. 78' 15 o AUd the Gate at Netoland at - - 42 o o

Making together - 120 Which it the net Income of the Tolls on the said Road.

He then gave your Committeean Account of the annual Ex peaces on account of the said Road 3 viz. > £. s.

Interest of£-750 at 4} jxr Cent 33

Surveyor's Salary Clerics Fees, and other incidental Expences -Repair of the Road* being ioMiles 50 Interestof^. 100, necessary to be borrowed to repair f a Mile of the said Road, not yet begun for want of Money - 4

15

20

*5

o

6 6

d.

o

o

10

114 II o

Remains for extraordinary Experices, and 1 towards paying the Principal Money > 640 borrowed - - - - j

' He further said, That he believes the removing of Botley Gate will occasion a Diminution of the Tolls near One Half; that he don?t - apprehend the Gate Hands upon the causeWay,> at«F that he never heard it mentioned there was a Doubt of the Gate not Handing upon* the Turnpike Road 3 that the Road under the Gate has been repaired by his Order, and apprehends it wa^ always uiiderHood that the Gate Hood upon the Turnpike Road.

Ordered, That it be an InHruftfon to the Committed; to whom the Bill for enlarging and altering several Powers granted by an Act made in the 24th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hitt, in the County of Glmcester to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of Northleach, Burford, and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladen, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford; is committed 3 That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for removing the Gate at the End of Botley Causeway, to a certain DiHance from the Place where it now Hands, and to prevent any Gate or Turnpike being erected, or Toll taken, within a certain DiHance of the said Causeway for the future, and to enable the Trustees to take further Tolls in lieu thereof.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and from Chappel Bar, near the W'eH End of the Town of Nottingham, to St. Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that thd Title be, an Act for repairing and widening the Roads from

Grantham

Road.

4oth Part of the People who cross the Ferry don’t go G in the County of Lincoln, through Bottef-to Abingdon ford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and

And "being alked if the Gate Could be so set within f near the West End of the Town of - -----0 - - - - Nottingham, to oaint Mary s Bridge, in the I own of

Derby, and from the Guide Post, in the Parilli of

Lenton to Sawley Ferry.

Ordered, That Sir John Cujt do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

the Jurisdiction of the Road; so as to take in Persons passing from Ensham Ferry to Abingdon

He said, It might, at about the DiHance of 100 or: 150 Yards on the South Side Ensham Ferry.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

The Reverend Do6tar... Nash, being examined, said. That he wasTreasurer when Mr. Gutieridge lent 200 on the Credit of the Gate at Botley Causeway; and that afterwards the said Mr. Gutteridge had a fresh Assignment for^f. 700, in the whole at 4^ per Cent, and that the Witness signed the Mortgage; he being an acting Commissioner; that he believes the said f . 700,

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Thomas Pecholier, Peter II ar if on, and Samuel Bernard Graff, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill

Pccholicr’s,

&c.

Nat.

3 2 Geo. tt.

East A Bill for iticloling and dividing the common Fields

Gotham in the Manor of East Cotham, in the County of York,

dc o ure. atuj extinguiOii'ng the Right of Warren of the Lord of the said Manor, in Part of a Tract of Ground called the Sea Batts, or Coney Warren, in East Cotham aforesaid; Was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. Wil-kinfon, Mr. Heivett, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Francis Poole. Mr. Bacon, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Oswald,' Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fidler, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Trift, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Lezois, Mr. Burrell, Mr. CreJwell, Mr. Foley? Mr. Crofter, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Mote, Mr. Waller, Mr. Townshend,$\T Lynch Cotton, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Barrow, Sir Thomas Pdlmer, Mr. Thoroton, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Smith, CoL Grey, Mr. Bayntnn, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Moore, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Alderman Bechford, My, Ridley, Mr. Martin, Mr. Symons; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West moreland,&nd Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Modbury, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from

&c. Roadi. Modbury, through the Church Town of Yelmpton, and the East End of Britton Church'Town, and through* the Town of Plymptort, and the Village of Underwood, to the North End of Lincottu Lanc, in the County of Devon, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Heivett, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Charlton, Mr. More, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fonereau, Mi*. Gore, Mr. Haldane, Sir John Philips, Mr. Hammond, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Tudway, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fane, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Thornton, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Buller, Mr. CrefioeU, Mr. Fidler, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Trifle Mr. White, Mr. Jennings, Sir John Cust, Mr. Martin, Mr. Wdly, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Walter, Mr. Hume, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Burrell, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Moore, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Symons, Mr. Lajbelles, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Drake, Mr. Smith, Mr. West, Mr. Whichcot, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Lambton, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Offley, Colonel Grey, Mr. Gajhiy, Sir John Elwitt, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Grenville; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Studley \ A Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual.

Bridge Roads. an ^ft, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of his pre* font Majesty, intitulea, An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Road from Studley Bridge, to Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, and for amending the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick, in the fameCounty: and tore-peal so much of an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road between Chippenham Bridge and Lower Stanton*, and for amending, widening, and rendering commodious, the said Road, and also the Road from the Sign of the Plough, in the Parish of Kingston St. Michael, to the Turnpike Road at Grittleton, and also the Road from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at SuttonBenger, in the said County of Wilts; was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bayntnn, Sii%John Elzvell, Mr. More, S\c Francis Poole, Mr. Moly* neux, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Butler, Mr Geo. Onslow, Mr. Brudenell, Sir John Cust, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Haldane, Lord Thomond, Mr.

- Vol. 28.

Alexander, Mr. CampMt, Mr.* RidUy, Mr. Crajter, Mn - \

Sandy?, Mr. Webb, Mr. Affleck, Sir Armine Wodehvufe* x

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cocksi Mr. Smith, Mr. CreJwell*

Mr. Foley, Lord Vitliers, Mr. Trift, Lord Carysfort, Mr.

Bantecs, General] Whitmore, Mr. HhvOtt, Sir John Phi-lipps, Mr, Fane, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mf. Fuller, Sir Roger Neivdigate, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Wilkes, M\\ Kynaston, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Honeywood, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Ptowfe, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Watson, Mr. v

Pitt, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr/ f

Symons, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Probyn, Lord Malpas, Mr. '

ShelUty, Mr. Buller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Giovcester, and Somerset: And they are to meet; this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu, and*

Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker, -

'The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act* Liticotolhifc to continue, amend, and make effectual; an Act, passed in the 12 th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in- v

tituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North-weft Phrts of the County of Lincoln, through Nettlafii Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumbet Fields, to the Wdlds, or North-east Part of the said County; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from the Well in Eastgate, in the City of Lincoln, and from the* North-weft End of Horncastle, and from the Guide Post at the East End of Hainton, through Barkwith* to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, without’any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fillmgham for dividing and inclosing several' common Fields and Incl°fur ©rounds-within the Manor offtilingham, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengerfc withdrew*

A Petition of the Mayor and approved Men of the Wye Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, and of the Navigation Proprietors of certain WaterWorks there, was prefen ted to the House, and read; fettingforth, That the said Mayor and approved Men are concerned in the Rents and Profits of the Town Mills of the said Town of Guldeford, Sot the Benefit of the Poor of the said Town, and that the'

Reservoir, from which Water is conveyed into the said Town, is supplied by Means of the said Mills; and alleging, that if the Bill, now depending, for extending and continuing the Navigation of the River Wye, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Godalming, should pass into a Law, it will be necessary that the Bridges of the said Town should be enlarged and widened; but as the said Bill is now framed, great Damage may be done to the said Mills and WaterWorks, for which no adequate Compensation can be obtained, and no effectual Provision is made for properly widening and enlarging the said Bridges; and the Petitioners may be also otherwisemjuFed: And therefore praying the House to take these Matters into Consideration, and to make such Provision, with relation thereto, as, upon Examination, shall appear necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of JofephStanynought, 'Reg\{ier and Keeper Colleffing of of the Records and Fines in the Chirographer’s Office,was Poll Fines, presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for the more easy collecting, accounting for, and paying of Poll Fines, which shall be due on levying of any Fines in his Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, of all Manors, Messuages, fife, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Grantees thereof under the Crown; and alleging, that if the said Poll Fines were to be paid to the Register of the Fines for the Time being, when the said Fines are respectively brought into the Chirographer’s Office, the Petitioner humbly apprehends the same would be most conveniently cohered and receivedy Without any additional Fee to be paid by the Parties' puffing such Fines; the Duty of the Register being to

giv?

Wakefield

to

Auflerlanilt

Road.

Mold, Sec, Road.

Licences for felling Gold, &c. Wares*

49a, 2o° Mariii. *A. 1759.

giv&cpnstant dally. Attendance* at his said Office; And therefore praying, That such Post Fines may be paid to the Register of the Fines in the Chirographer’s Office for the Time being.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of . a Committee of the whole House to whom the said Bill ^committed.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Wakefield, through the Tbw/iships of Horbury, Nether ton, Over town. Lepton, A Imondbury, Huddersfield,' Marfdtn, and Saddleworth, to Aufierlands, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee h'ad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report* to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and I afterward# delivered the Bill,’with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were Once readvthroughout 5 and then a.Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, were agreed to; by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the.Town of Mold to the Town of Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-y-Cafn, and Conway, and from the Town of Wrexham, to the Towns of Ruthin, Denbigh, and to the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Lynch Colton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Jennings, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Harrison, Lord Carysfort, Mr.. Fellowes, Mr. Craven, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Rankes, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hewett, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Grenville, Nlv. Nor they, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Smith, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Butler, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Moore, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Foley, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Rozvney, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Toicnfhend, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Molyneux, Sir William Pecre Williams, Mr. Trijt, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Hanger, Colonel A*Court, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Affleck; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Lancaster, Chester, and Hereford-, and for the Principality of Wales, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants and Manufacturers in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the several Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petitions, and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the First of the said Petitions,

Mr. John Taylor, and Mr. Samuel Garbett,being examined, informed your Committee, That there are at lead 20,000 People employed in the Toy Trade at Birmingham, and the neighbouring Towns about, 6,000 whereof are employed in making Toys, confiding in general of Articles in which Gold or Silver is manufactured; that the Witness, Taylor, employs 600 himself in that way; and the Witnesses produced to your Committee several Kinds of such Toys, and gave Evidence that the Gold manufactured into 20s. worth of Seals is not w.orth id. that in a Snuff Box of 18.9., Value from the Maker the Silver is not worth ild. that they make many Articles wherein the Silver is not worth more than . 1 per Cent, of the Value of the Goods, but that in some Instahceis it is worth 5 per Cent, and though the Quantity of Gold or Silver used in ornamenting such Goods is lo small, in proportion to the Value of the Goods, yet the Sale of them depends upon the Neatness and Elegancy of the Ornaments:

That there are Two or Three Drawing Schools efta- blished at Birmingham, for the Instruction of Youth in* tj\e Arts of Designing and Drawing, and 30 or 40' Frenchmen, and Germans are constantly employed in Drawing and Designing; that the Whole of the Toy Trade at Birmingham and the neighbouring Towns, amounts to about £.600,ooooperAnnum, about £.500,000 per Annum of which is exported to foreign Markets; that the Matgrials worked up amount to about £.150,000 . per Annum,ythe Whole of which, except the Gold and Silver, are the Produce of our own Country; viz. Copper, Brafe, Spelter, Steel,8Cc,

That the.Custom of the Trade is to work from Orders taken.from Patterns; that the Patterns font to Correspondents abroad are from 6 to 12 Months before they are returned; but the Patterns for Home Trrfde are generally returned in: a Month or less, whereby, constant Employ is found.for the Workmen, and the Home Trade.supports the Foreign t - That Girlsfrom 7 fco ra Year§ old are employed in the Manufacture, and earn from is. te 4s. per Week, and from that Age upwards, they earn from 4s. to 8s. per Week, that Boys from. 7 to 12 Years of Age earrv from 1.9. to 7s. per Week, and from that Age upwards from 7to 42$. per Week :*

That many of the Goods are made by the Help of Machines or Engines, invented by the people of Birmingham, which lessens the manual Labour, and enables Boys to do Mens Work, and sometimes more:

That the same kind of Manufactures which are made at Birmingham are likewise made in several Places in Germany, though not in so great a Variety as here, and used to be imported into England, but since the Invention of the above Engines very few have been imported:

That many Attempts have been made by Foreigners to decoy our Manufacturers from hence; and that some have been prevented going, but some are gone, particularly one Matter Workman from Birmingham, who used to employ 3 or 400 Men, is gone, and took some of his Men with him; and the Witnesses were of Opinion that if Ten of our Workmen were to go to any one Place abroad they might raise a Manufactory, from whence they might lbpply Britain with some of the same Sort of Toys made by the Petitioners:

Then the Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, which directs, That every Person who shall fell or vend any Goods or Wares, in which Gold or Silver is manufactured, shall take out an annual Licence, was read;

And the before-mentioned Witnesses said. That the Excisemen declare who must, or who need not, take out a Licence; that all Persons following the Plating Business, peculiar to Birmingham, are obliged to take out a Licence:

That many of the Master Workmen have not taken out Licences, because the Excisemen have, by Orders from the Commissioners of Excise, declared, that Gilders, Silverers, and Refiners, of Gold and Silver, who deal for many Thousand Pounds per Annum, are not liable to s the Penalty of the Act, but that any who plate, though ever so thin, are liable, notwithstanding that it is impoffiblefor the most knowing Workmen, in many instances to distinguish between silvering and plating, and some lilvered Work hath a larger Quantity of Silver upon it than plated:

That there was a Dispute on this Matter, and Two Justices were inclined to think all liable, and proposed to find it Special, to make a same for the King’s Bench -y

but

by

20d — 21° Martil

32 Geo. II.

497

' that was thought too expensive for the Parties, and therefore dropped.

To prove that their Goods past through Five or Six Hands who pay the l ax, the Witnesses further gave Evidence, That the Mailer Workmen of their Manufactures fells to the Factor, the Factor to the Merchant, the Merchant to the Country Dealers or Shop-keepers in large Towns, who fell to Shop-keepers of inferior Rank in small Towns and Villages, every one of whom are obliged to take out a Licence; and the Quantity sold by each Individual being in general too inconsiderable to bear the Expence of a Licence, many have laid down their Business, and many Orders have been Countermanded; and unless the Act is altered in that respect, few People will care to engage in that Business.

To shew that every Branch of the Toy Trade at Birmingham has been increasing till the said Act passed, the Witnesses said. That the Town had increased more than One-half since the Toy Trade began amongst ’em, and that the Petitioners know at least 100 People who began Trade without any Fortune, and have raised themselves by their Ingenuity and Indftftry.

Upon the Second of the said Petitions,

Mr. Ebenexer Roebuck, Factor in London for tlfe Sheffield Manufactures, being examined, said. That the Inhabitants of Sheffield amount to about 20,000, and that in the Town and Neighbourhood about 15,000 People are employed in the Cutlery and Toy Trade; and amongst the great Variety of Wares made there, some of them are decorated with small Ornaments of Gold or Silver, and he inflanced some particularly, that in a Do-zea of Knives, which the Maker fells for 6s. the Silver, of which the Ornaments thereon are made, is not worth 3d. and he said, that in most of their other Goods, the intrinsic Value of the Ornaments is near the same Proportion:

That they give good Wages to the Workmen, fora tolerable Hand can earn from 15 c/. to 18 d. between 6 in the Morning and 3 in the Afternoon; hut the great Advantages of being well supplied with Coals and Water, com pen fates to the Maher Workmen for the Dearness of Labour, and enables them not only to afford good Wages to the poor Labourer but to vie with Foreigners at other Markets; and he gave it as his Opinion, that the Situation of Sheffield for the Purpose of carrying on their Manufacture, is preferable to that of any oth* r Town in the W’orld:

He added, That the English can fell the low-priced Wares cheaper than the French, or any other Country, but in many Countries the high-priced Wares are to be had on cheaper Terms than we can make them.

As to the Difficulties the Toy and Cutlery Trade lies under, from being obliged to take an annual 405*. Licence, Mr. Roebuck's Evidence was much the same as the Two former Witnesses, wherefore your Committee decline repeating it.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That thislloufe will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Fmei. Ordered, That the Paper, containing a List of the several Hundreds, Liberties, and Districts, claiming Post Fines before the foreign Appofer in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster, with an Account of all and every Sum and Sums of Money allowed by him to the said respective Hundreds, Liberties, and Distrifils, for Post Fines, for Seven Years, ending at Michaelmas 1758; distinguishing each Year; together with an Account of the Fees claimed and taken by the said foreign Appofer for such Post Fines; this Day prefen ted to the House, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session*

Vql. 2?.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committed of the whole House, Upon the Bill for the more regular and easy collecting, accounting for, and paying of, Post Fines, which shall be due to the Crown, or to Grantees thereof under the Crown, and for the Ease of Sheriffs iflt respect to the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chariton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Lord Powerfcourt, Mr. Bond, Lord Varney, Mr. Maxwell, Lord Egmont, Mr. Bolton, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Turner, Mr. Sandys, Mr Campbell, Mr. Nejbitt, Mr. Luttrell, Mr; Chester, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Osbaldeston, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for giving further Time to Trustees therein named, to execute certain Trusts veiled in them, in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland in Trustees, »n order to sell the same to Protestant Purchasers, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 21® die Martii j

Anno 32° Georgii Ildl Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

TV jl R. Cartwright presented to the House* according jLtJL to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and wade Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Slapton, in the County of Northampton , and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Penlon, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Constable and Inhabitants of the Borough of New Shoreham, in, the County of Suffiex, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and Farmers, residing near the Port and Harbour of New Shoreham aforesaid, and of the Mailers and Pilots of Ships usually navigating to and from the feme, is referred.

The House being informed. That Mr. Tullici from the Eftreat Office, attended at the Door;

He was called 5 and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the several Hundreds, Liberties, and DU ftri&s, claiming Poll Fines before the foreign Appofer in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster, with an Account of all and every Sum and Sums of Money allowed by him to the Liberty of the Stoke of Kirlon, in Lincolnshire, being the only Liberty for which the Clerk of Estreats makes out the Schedule for Poll Fines, for Seven Years, ending at Michaelmas 1758; distinguishing each Year; together with an Account of the Fees claimed and taken by the Clerk of the foreign Estreats of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, and the sworn Clerk in the said Office.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Loft is preserved amongst the other Papers of thisSeftjoo.

L Orderedf

Collectrig P«ft Fines.

Slapton

inclosure.

Shorehank

Harbour.

Post Fiaet.

49$; 2i° Martii. A. 1759.

Ordered, That .'Mr, Alderman Dickinson be added 4o the (feattafteti-, who, are appointed to (prepare, and faring in, a Biiliiw; Roiiefof InfoAvont Debtors.

btJdenham Mr. ChaHlon spouted tfecim the Committee, to whom

;the;BiJJ for repairing <and widening the Roads from a Road. p]ace called Little Gate, at the Top.of Leadenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to >thd West End of Bar.nby Gate m Netmtkupon Trent, and from the Guide-Foft at the Division of Kelham and Mujkhum Lanesto.Mans-fold, gnd from Southuccll to Ox ton, in the County of Nottingham, was committed, That the Comroittee liad /exarnioedthe Allegations of the Bill, andfound the feme <tprV true,; and that the Committee»had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,; vwhiqfo they had directed him to report to the Hause; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-divefed pheTJ3ilJ, witlvthe Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Whereithe A men d meats were o nee read throughout; and then ,a Second time, one by one; jand, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amend-jnopts )to -several of,them, agreed to by the House:

A Chmfe was offered to be added to Hie Bill, providing that no Propoedings, to-be had impunfuance of the -shaft be quashed for want of Form only, or rearm v*ed by Writ into any of the Courts at Westmmfier: And the said Clause was twice read,; and, upon the Question :put thereupon, agreed to bytthe House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Few of The House being informed. That Mr. Woodcock, De-Clerk of puty "Clerk of the Pipe, attended at the Door; ihc Pipe, ije was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purfuaiit to their Order,

A Papei;, intituled, " JLift of Fees taken by the Clerk of the Pipe, and other Officers of the Pipe, for passjug the Accounts of Lords of Liberties."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Air and A Petition of Peter Birt, Esquire, on behalf of,him-:C*Wer felfaud Sir Hemy Ibbetfon, Baronet, the p refen tLeflees Navigation the Tolls Or Duties arising from the Navigation of Rates.3 tl}e Riv<?rs 4ir and Colder, and also of certain Houses, Lands, Tenements* Wharfs, and Warehouses, belonging to the said Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That if the Bill depending, for better.ascertaining the Proportion in which the Profits of the Navigation of the Rivers Air ami Calder, shall be assessed to the Parochial Rates of the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, fhbuld pass into a Law as it now (lands, the Property of the Petitioners wi>ll be greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their tCouofel,* again# fudh Parts of the said Bill as affect Hie Petitioners Property, and that the (hid Bill *nay apt pass into a I.aw as it now Hands,

Ordered, That the '(hid Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, and that the Petitioners 'be heard by their Couttfel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Sunning, reported from the Committee, to

ice. whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road Road. from a Place called the Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the Gouhty of Berks, through Wokingham, New \Bradcnowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Eg ham, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That <the ‘Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true*;

land that the Committee had gone throhglf the Bril* and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had -directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BflJ,

.with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read tbrougliout; and the H ,a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, several of them were di['agreed fto, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the BilL

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stwt for making the River Start navigable, in the Counties Navigation, of Hertford and Essex, from the New Bridge, in the Town of Bijkop Storford, into the River Lee, near a -Place called the Bye, in the County of Hertford, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bridget-av* for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Koads. Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset; and for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts; for amending several Roads front the Cities of Gloucester and Bristol, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act wrought for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Indoiuc. Padures, common Meadows, and common Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Willoughby, in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Wilkes reported from the Committee, to whom Plunketts the Bill for giving further Time to Trustees therein named, to execute certain Trusts veiled in them, in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland in Trustees, in order to sell the same to Protestant Purchasers, was committed. That the Committee had examined, and found that the (landing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill, relating to Estates there, he brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Con Cent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Kynqflon presented to the House, according to BmlUfl Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open, bidofuit. common, and arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, and waste Grounds, within the Manor of Burjlail, in the Parish of Belgrade, in the County of Leicester: Aud the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for the better enlightening and Norton cleansing the open Places, Streets, Squares, Lanes,

Courts, and other Places, within the Manor and Liberty aviu& of Norton Falgate, other wise Norton Follcy, in the County of Middlesex, and for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, within the said Manor and Liberty, was read the Third time.

Resolved,

At

Geg. IL %ibMartiL 49O

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title ;be, An Act for the better enlightening and clearrfing the open Places, Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, and other Passages, within the Part of the Manor and Liberty of ‘NoiVon Fcreate, ottrOrw ife Norton Folley, in the {you nty of Middlefe.r, which is extraparochial, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickhrfon do carry the '‘ Bill kto the Lofds, and desire their Concurrence.

J&xpiring A pill to continue fp much of an Act, made in the Laws. lQth Year of the Reign of hi^present Majesty, as relates

to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws oLCustoms or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Guftoras in Informations upon Seizures; and to appropriate certain Penalties mentioned in an Act, made in the iaftSession of Parliament, relating to the making of Bread, and regulating the Price and Assize thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

llefolved. That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Air 2nd A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of Calder the Town of I^eds, in the County of York, was pre-navigation fented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Peti-^Rates' ^i°l)ers observe, that Application is made by several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wakefield, in the said ^County, for Leave to bring in a Bill, to authorize them to assess the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Calder in t belaid County, for One Moiety of the Profits thereof to the JParochial Bate and Assessments of the said Town, and for some different Methods of recovering jthejfame, than by the Laws now in being the y are enabled; and that the Petitioner apprehend such a Bill, if passed into a Law, will not only be a great HardIhip on the Farmers of the said River, but that fuel) Powers granted to the Inhabitants of Wakefield will be disproportionate, k being well known that the Profit? artfing from the River Calder, are not One-seventh of the Whole of the said Navigation, and those within the Town of Wakefield not above half of such Seventh; and that notwithstanding the Residue of the Profits of the said Navigation ariie from the River Air, yet the Petitioners "have declined, as unreasonable, the assessing oft he said Rivers to the Parochial Charges of the said Township df Leeds, in any higher Proportion than for the Profits only arrfing within the said Township of Leeds.;, and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the House will not countenance an Application from the Inhabitants of Wakefield, to assess Estates laying out of their Township, or Profits which do not arise from the Inhabitants of the said Township, in Aid of themselves and their own Estates, nor authorize them to levy Assessments otherwise than by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better ascertaining the Proportion in which’the Profits of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Calda' shall be assessed to the Parochial Rates of the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, is committed. t

Winchester, An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the *c. Roads from Oxdown Gate, in Popham Lane, to the City R°ad. of Winchester, and from the said City, through Hmrjky^ to Chandkrsford; and from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road, at Romjcy, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winbome Minfer, in the County of Dorset; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following being proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 20. To leave out " by Palmers Fori, over 4C the Heath, both."

V Ob. 28,

The House was moved, Tlifct the Report winch was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Counties of Southampton and Dorset, whose Names are thereunto subsertbed; and dlfb the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, living near, and usually travelling, the Road from the Town of Pleading, and other Parts of the County of Berks, and from Rufngsloke, and.other Places adjacent, in the County of Sufrfhamp-ton, through the several Parishes of Popham, East Stratton, Mitchelidever, King's Worthy; and Head-bourne-Worthy, to the City of Winchester, in the said County of Southampton; Were severally referred; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And a Debate arising in the House upon the Amendment which was proposed to be made to the said Bill;

A Motion was made; and the Questionbeing put;That the Debate be adjourned till To-morrdw Fortnight;

Ii passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Rnfads from OzdorvnGateJm Popham Lant,to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, thtoughHurJlei/iXo Chandler ford; and from Hurjley aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Rom fey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Lon gharri.

Bridge and Winbome Minfer, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for discharging the Inhabitants of the Town Manehetftir of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Corn Mills, from the Custom of grinding all their Corn and Grain, except Malt, at certain Water Corn Mills in the said Town, called the School Mills, and for confirming fitch Custom with respect to Malt, upon the Pa3?ment of a pecuniary, in lieu of the lifual, Toll, and for settling and securing to the Feoffees thereof a proper Satisfaction for their Estate and Interest in the said Mills, to be applied to the charitable LJfes for which the same were granted, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tozvn~

Jliend, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Vaughan, General Cornwallis, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Geo.

Savile, Mr. Pole, Mr. Warren, Mr. Alexander, Mr.

Eger ton, Mr. Hayzvard, Sir Roger Nezodigale, Mr.

Bacon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. More, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Wilkinson,

Mr. Anson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Jennings; Sir Lionel Pilkingtqn, Mr. Honejijwood, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr,

Proltfe, Mr. York, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Geo. Onslow,

Mr. Stanley, Mr. Digby, Mr. Pill, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Medlycott, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Rigby? Lord North, Mr.

Amcotts, Lord Digby, Mr. Thornton, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Bayjitun, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Haldane, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fellowes, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Legh, Mr. Bold, Mr. Lee,

Mr. Thirrfby, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Shelley, Mr.

Gajhry, Mr. Trijl, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Ellis, Mr. Berkeley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and all who come are to have Voices.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn^ *tapplr* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Wav* and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean?* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his M^jeBy«

And

SO©

2i° — 22°

A 1759.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 2° die Martii;

Anno 32° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

Answer to HT'HE Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That Address Jl their Address of Tuesday last, That his Majesty for Account. would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Thiftlcton Mr. Bridgman presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Meadows, common Pasture and wade Grounds, in the Manor of Thifilctdh, in the County of Rutland: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Crickley Hill Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom Roads. the Bill for enlarging and altering several Powers granted by an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act; for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of North-leach, Bui ford, and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladen, to Camps field, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards 'delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon* were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary Pitt presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Verting A Book, intituled, u A Copy of the Judgments and L»nd for " Decrees of the Commissioners named and authorized Securing jn, and by virtue of, a Commission under the Great Docks, &c. ,t s^l of Great Britain, issued in pursuance, and by virtue, of an Act of Parliament, made in the last Sessions, 4t intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, " Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing " his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, " Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying u the Town of Portsmouth and Citadel of Plymouth, " in Traftees, for certain Uses; and other Purposes " therein mentioned."

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Oadbr Sir Thomas Palmer presented to the House, accord-Inclosure. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open " and common Fields of Oadby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

L*^rfthcCC* Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, ac-Thamct. cording to Order, a Bill to continue, amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the 6th Year

of the Reign of his.present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Laftageand Ballastage in the River Thames'; and for the more effectual preventing tjhe putting of Rubbish, Earth, Sand, Afties, Filth, Dirt, or Soil, into the said River, from any Wharf, Quay, or Bank, adjoin* ing to or near the said River, or from or out of any Barge or Lighter, or being laid in the Streets, Lanes, or Paf. sages in London, and the Liberties thereof, or in the Suburbs thereof in Middlesex, or in the City of Westminster, or the Liberties thereof, or being swept into or carried down the Kennels or Channels in the said Streets, Lanes, or Passages, into the said River; and to allow the shipping of a certain Quantity of Dung, Compost, Earth, or Soil, from the Layftalls in London: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Commit- Airiud tee, to whom the Bill for the better ascertaining the Proportion in which the Profits of the Navigation of the p^chlJ Rivers Air and Calder dial I be assessed to the Parochial r^, Rates of the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, is committed. That they do admit Counsel to be heard in favour of the said Bill, against the Petition of Peter Birt Esquire, on behalf of himself and Sir Henry Ibbetfon Baronet, the present Lessees of the Tolls or Duties arising from the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Colder, and also of certain Houses,

Lands, Tenements, Wharfs and Warehouses, belonging to the said Navigation, at the same time that the said Petitioner is heard by his Counsel upon his said Petition.

A Bill for the better Preservation of the Turnpike Tirapike Roads, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, Roads in was read a Second time. ScoiUoi

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to SupplvBili; Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes to be1 and lottery, imported into this Kingdom, and an additional inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate; and (or raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy and additional inland Duty: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mirine for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while Forw-on Shore, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Chesterfield for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield to K«d. the Turnpike Road at Hernftone Lane Head, and also the Road branching from the said Road upon the East Moor, through Bafiozv, and Wardlozv, to the Joining of the said Roads again near Wardhio Mires, and also the Road leading between the said Road and Branch from Calver Bridge to Bafozv Bridge; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road near Neivhaven House to the Turn* pike Road near Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act MaccMJ for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross at to Broken Cross in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester; through Macclesfield Foref, to the present Turnpike Road at the South End of the Township of Buxton, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition

32 Geo. II. n° Martii.

5°i

Wye A Petition of several Persons Owners of Lands upon Navigation. or adjoining to such Part of the River Wye as lies between Guildford and Godalming, in the County of Surrey, was prefen ted to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill has been presented to the House, for extendingand continuing the Navigation of the said River to the Town of Godalming; and representing to the House, that no public Notice, either by Advertisement or otherwise,was given of the Intention to petition Parliament for the said Bill, nor Application made, or Plan of the said intended Navigation produced, or any Information with respect to the Purport or Provisions of the said Bill, given to the Petitioners, whereby theycould form anyJudgment how, or in what manner, the said Navigation may affect their respective Interests and Properties; and that as no public Meeting was called, whereby the Sense of the Country could be taken with respect to this Matter, and as the Petitioners and other Land-owners are yet Straugers to the Plan and Scheme of the said Navigation, and as the Bill contains very extensive and general Powers, the Petitioners humbly hope, that the said Bill will not pass, until the Country in general and the Land-owners in particular have, as is usual in Matters of this kind, been acquainted with the Nature of the said Scheme, in order that a Judgment may be formed whether the most proper and effectual Provision is made for the Advantage of the Public and the Property of Individuals: And therefore praying the House to take these Matters into their Consideration, and to grant such Relief as to the House shall seem necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for extending and continuing the Navigation of the River Wey, otherwise Wye, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Godalming, in the said County, is committed.

Bath Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, to whom

Roads. the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the

Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the TermandPowers granted by an A6l,passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdozvn Hill and the City of Bath; and for amending several other Highways therein mentioned leading to the said City; and also for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned; and foT repairing the Road from the67x Mile Stone, in the Pari lb of Camerton, to the White Post, in the Pariili of Midf vnmerNorton; and from the Cross Post, in the Parish of Newton St. Loe. to the Kelfton Road, in the.Parish of Weston; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Bath to Bradford, on the Top of Mundton Hill, in the Parish of Mundton Combe, to the cross Road leading to Entry'Hill-, and also the Lane, called Bathzvicke Lane, leading from Balhxvicke into the Turnpike Road leading £vomClaver-ton, alias Clarion Down, to Bath; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second lime, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

Pod Fines. The House being informed, That Mr. Heron, the Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lilt of all and every Lord or Lords of Liberties who have claimed Poll Fines on Writs of Covenant within Seven Years last past; together with a Lilt of the

Vox.. 28.

several Liberties for which they so claimed *, and an Account of the Fees paid by the respective Bailiffs of the Liberties during the said Term, at the Office of the Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift clo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the* other Papers

of this Session.

A Petition of Sir Raphe Asheton Baronet, Peter Legh, Manchclter John Arden, Robert Givillym, John Parker, Miles Lonf- Corn Mills. dale, and Edward Greaves, Esquires, Feoffees of the free Grammar School in Manchester, in the County Palav tine oiLancaster, and of the Reverend Thomas Randolph,

Doctor in Divinity, President of Corpus Chrish College in Oxford,was presented to the House, and read; reciting,

That in or about the Year* 1525 certain Water Corn M ills, called the School Mills* situate upon the River Irke, within theff^id Townof.Manchester, together with certain Lands, called the Mill Fields and Walker's Croft, were granted in Fee-simple to Feoffees, in Trust, for the Maintenance and Sppport of a free Grammar School in the said Town; and that by the Statutes of the F ounders the Feoffees are directed, out of the Profits of the Premises, to keep the School in Repair, to pay the Matter,

Usher, and Receiver, their Wages, and apply the Surplus (afterdefraying all Expencesincidental to the Trust) in Exhibitions for Scholars (at Oxford' or Cambridge) brought up in the said School; and that the Nomination of the Matter and Usher is given to the President of Corpus Chr if i College in Oxfordfor the Time being; and taking Notice, that a Bill is brought in for discharging the Inhabitants of the said Town from the Custom of grinding all their Corn and Grain, except Malt, at the said School Mills; and for confirming fufch Custom with respect to Malt, upon the Payment of a Pecuniary, in lieu of the usual, Toll; and for settling apd securing to the Petitioners, the Feoffees, a proper Satisfaction for their Estate and Interest in the said Mills, to be applied to the charitable Uses for which the same were granted; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the said Trull Estate, and the Ends and Purposes for which the same was granted, will be greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of several of the Land-owners and In ha-bitants of the Town of Manchester, in the County. Palatine oiLancaster, whose Names are subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many other Land-owners and Inhabitants of the same Town, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be prejudicial to their Estates and Properties, and detrimental to the Inhabitants of the same Town: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said BuJ.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And the Petitioners are then to be. heard by themselves, or Counsel, upon their Petitions, if they think lit.

SivJohnGlynne,according to Ordei^repoi ted from the G< nend

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Tumpi&e amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Arts*

Three several Acts of the 26th, 28th, and 30th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom was committed, the Amend-enls which the Committee bad made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards r delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

6 M Ordered,

&oi

Ordered, Tli a 111 le said R epo r t he ta ken i n t o Confide ration upon 7 H/yifoy-Seven night, t he 3d Day of Aprilnext.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be fuffir cient for the life of the Members of the House.

Southmolton Ordered\ That Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde do

Roads. the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill

for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of South Molton, in the County of Devon, was committed.

Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined tile Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tlx? BilI, Jwith the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and (hen a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, 9nd the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, appointing the Trustees to meet on the 14th Day after the passing of the A&, in case it does not pass before the ill Pay of June 1759.

And the bud Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, tobemad^ Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Barnefly, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road eading

&c. from the Eail Side of Barneftx) Common, in the County of

Roadi. York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also the Road from the Guide Pofi in Barugh to a Rivulet, called Barugh Brook, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. Sa-vile, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Trifi, Mr. White, Mr. Moore, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Cust, Mr. Thorotm, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Prowse, Lord North, Mr. Bayn-tun, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Fellozves, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr* He weft, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Lord Cary fort, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Alderman Dick inf on, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Towtiftiend, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Symons, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bond, Mr. Lewis, Mr* Fuller, Mr. Gafin), Mr. Staunton, Sir Geo. Dalftone, Mr. Medlycott, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gore, Mr. Prohyn, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hume; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberlajid, Cumberland, Westmorelqnd, Lancaster, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wear Mr. Tempest presented to the Hpufe, according toOr-Navigation. der, a Bill for making and compleating the Navigation of the River Wear, from and including South Biddick, or Biddickford, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, as relates to making the said River navigable, between the said Two Places called South Biddick, or Biddickford, and New Bridge, in the County of Durham: And the same was received 3 and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Meford, Mr. Trift reported from the Committee, to whom the Rota Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the 16

j. 1759.

Rond from the hollow Way, on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, to a Place cal led Biddaford, i n the Cou nty of Devon, was committed. That-the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the (Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; ap.cf then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 30 die Martii;

Anno 32* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

SI R William Peere Williams reported from the Co n-mittee, to whom the Petition of the Constable and Inhabitants of the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and Farmers, redding near the Port and Harbour of New Shoreham a fore fa id, and of the Masters and Pilots o Ships, usually navigating to and from the same, was eferred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr Jeremiah Siya?i, Matter of a Ship, being examined, said, That he has known the Port and Harbour of New Shoreham Forty Years; within which Time the Entrance of the Harbour has been carried above a Mile further to the Eastward, occasioned by the Sands being thrown up by the Sea:

That Ships of 300 and 400 Tons Burthen have been built there fmee the Witness knew the Harbour; but that it cannot be done now, there not being Water enough to carry them out of the Harbour.

And he further said, That the Town of New Shoreham is deprived of its Market for Corn and Timber, with which that Country greatly abounds; and the Inhabitants lie under great Difficulties in receiving Coals and other Commodities for the Supply of New Shoreham, and the neighbouring Towns, by Reason of the Harbour being so (hallow: That the said Harbour is situated in the deepest Part of the Bay between Spithead and Beachy; and that if agood Entrance and proper Pier Heads were made to the fame, it would be a Means of preventing many Ships from being drove on Shore, and the Saving of the Lives of many of his Majesty’s Subjects, and be of public Utility: And,

Mr. Richard Stafford, a Pilot, being examined, confirmed the aforesaid Evidence; and added, That he founded the Harbour the 18th Instaut, and would not take Charge of a Ship which drew more than Eight Feet Water.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting Piers and other Works, for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreha7n, in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair: And that Sir William. Peere Williams, the Lord Carys-fort, and Mr, Robert Bristow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The

220- — 230 Martii.

Shoreham

Harbour)

Army

fcxtns.

32 Geo. II.

230 Ma

The'Lord Barrington preferred to the House, ptir-suant to their Address to his Majesty

An Account of Extraordinaries incurred Anno 1758, and not provided ifor by Parliament.

m

And the Title of the said Account was read. The said Account is as foIJoweth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinaries incurred Anno 1758, and not provided for by P&rbattient.

To Levy-money for 9 Horses to mount 9 Men, added to the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, at £.26 a Horse -

To Ditto, for 100 Hordes to mount t Corporal andio privateMen, added to each of the Troops of Ditto Regiment - -

To Ditto, for 60 Meti and Horses, added to the Six Troops of Lieutenant General Hawley's Regiment of Dragoons, at the Rate of £.21 for each Man and Horse, and for 30 Men and Horses to the Light Troop, at £. 15 a Man and Horse - - - - h

To Ditto, for Ditto to the Earl of Ancram's Ditto - - - _ -

To Ditto, for Ditto to the Earl of Albemarle's Ditto To Ditto, for Ditto to Lord George Sackville's Ditto -To Ditto, for Ditto to Sir John Cope's Ditto - - . -

To Ditto, for Ditto to Sir Robert Rich's Ditto - -

To Ditto, for 30 Men and Horses added to the Light Troop of Sir John Mordaunt's Regiment of Dragoons, at the Rate of ^.15 for each Man and Horse - -

To Ditto, for Ditto to Lieutenant General Campbell's Ditto -To Ditto, for Ditto to Lieutenant General Bland's Ditto -To Ditto, for Ditto to Lieutenant General Cholrnondeley's Ditto To Ditto, for Ditto to Sir Charles Howard's Ditto - -

To Ditto, for an additional Company to the ift Highland Battalion, confiding of 100 Men, at £.3 a Man -To Ditto, for an additional Company to the Second Highland Battalion of

Ditto Number and Ditto Rate....

To Ditto, for Seven Companies added to Lord John Murray's Regiment of Foot -

To Ditto, for Colonel Coote's Battalion of Foot - -

To Camp Necessaries for Colonel Amherst's Foot* -

To Ditto, for the Troops on an Expedition under the Command of Major

Tufton Mason - -- --....

To repairing D° of Lieutenant General Stuart's Foot -To Camp Necessaries for Lord John Murrays Augmentation -To Ditto, for the Augmentation to the ift Battalion of the Earl of Effingham's Foot, and for repairing the same -

To Ditto, for the Augmentation to the ift Battalion of Lieutenant General Bocland's Foot, and for repairing the same - 1 - . *

Tarepairing Ditto of the First and late 2d Battalion of Lord Charles Hays Regiment ——

To Camp Necessaries for Sir Charles Howard's Regiment of Dragoons, and repairing the fam$ -

To Camp Nfeceffaries for Colonel Anjlruthers Regiment -To Ditto, for Lieutenant General Bland's Regiment of Dragoons, and repairing the same -

To Lieutenant General Wolfe's ift and 2d Battalion, for completing divers Camp Necessaries ——

To Camp Necessaries for the Augmentation of ColonelPflr/Ws Regiment -To repairing Ditto of Major General Amherst's Regiment in the Year: 757 -To Camp Necessaries for Lieutenant General Cholrnondeley's Regiment of Dragoons ——

To repairing and completing Ditto for Lieutenant General Campbell's Dragoons .....-

To Ditto, for Sir John Mordaunt's Ditto - -

To Ditto, for the Earl of Albemarle's, Ditto -

To providing and repairing Camp Necessaries for Lord Geo. Bent lack's Regiment of Foot - -

To repairing and completing Camp Necessaries for Major General Kingsleys 1 ft. and 2d Battalion of Foot -To Ditto, for the Earl of Loudoun's Foot -

To Ditto, for the Earl of Home's Ditto - -

To Ditto, for Major General Cornwallis's ift and 2d Battalion

To Ditto, for Lord Robert Manners's ill and 2d Ditto -

To Ditto, for Major General Napier's ift and 2d Ditto -

To Ditto, for Lieutenant General Hufke's ill and 2d Ditto -

To Ditto, for Colonel Hodgson's Regiment -

To Camp Necessaries for the Augmentation to Lord Geo. Bentinck's Regiment of Foot -

To Ditto, for Major General Cormvallis's ift and 2d Battalion Vojl. 28.

£ s.

«34

2,600 —

1,7 !0

1,710 — —

i.,7 ro — —

1*710 -r — — '

1,710 — —

1,710

45° — —

45° — —

450

45° — —

45° — -

§00 — —

3°° —

2,100 — —

2,9^6 — —

5»9 8 8

33' 10 —

*57 8 —

384 — 10J

31Z 1 2

»n CO 1 2

631 8

174 —

142 16 5

<Lr« CP> CO it 7

471 13 6

91 5 4

<27 3 "

221 19 0

5°3 7 i

450 2 16 —

214 10

ill 9 7

425 7

j 14 14 10

236 5 8

325 6 1

213 7 4

’ 53 7 6

178 9 2

50 10 3

91 5 4

*82 to 8

2f, OiO :_

To

U.

5°4

23°- Marti.

A. i

To Ditto, For Major General Kingsleys lft hncl 2d Ditto To Ditto, for Lord Bobert Manners1 s ift and id Ditto To Ditto, for the Earl of Loudoun's Regiment To Ditto, for the Earl of Home's Ditto -

To Ditto, for Lord Charles Manners's Ditto To Ditto, for Major General Holmes's ill Battalion To Ditto, for Lord Geo. Beauclerck's lft and id Battalion To Ditto for Major General Napier's ift and 2d Ditto -To Ditto, for Lieutenant General Hvjke's ift and 2d Ditto To Ditto, for Colonel Hodgson's Regiment -To Camp Necessaries for Major General Elliot's Ditto -To Ditto, for Colonel Barrington's Ditto ... To Ditto, for Colonel Armiger's Ditto To Ditto, for Colonel Coo/e's Battalion of Foot

£. s. d.

- - - 183 ]0 8

- - - 182 10 8

- - - 91 5 4

- - - 9* 5 4

- - 91 5 4

- - 9l 5 4

- - - 182 to 8

- - - 182 10 8

- - - 182 10 . 8

- - - 91 5 4

- - - 5°3 18 9

- - - 5°3 18 9

- - - 567 4 6

- - - 598 — —

To ioo*' Forage-money for Lord Blakeney's Regiment, ordered to North

Amei'ica - t - - - - 195 — —

To iood' Ditto for Colonel Forbes's Ditto, ordered to Ditto - - - 190 — —

To ioodf Forage-money to Lieutenant General Bragg's Regiment, ordered

to North America - - - - --- - 195-----

To iood* Ditto for Lieutenant General Murray's Ditto* ordered to Ditto 195-----

To 200* Ditto for Major General Napier's Ditto, ordered to Germany - 430 — —

To 2ood* Ditto for Lieutenant General Stuart's Ditto - x - 430 — —

To iood* Ditto for Colonel Brudenell's Ditto - - - ... 430-----

To 20od# Ditto for Major General Kingsley's Ditto - - 430 — —

To 20Od# Ditto for the Earl of Home's Ditto - - - 430 — —

To 200d* Ditto for Lieutenant General Hvjke's Ditto - - - 430 — —

To iood‘Ditto for MajorGeneral Kc/medy'sD\tto,orderedto North America 195-----

To ioods Ditto for Major General Duroure'sDitto, ordered onforeignService 215-----

To iood# Winter Forage for Major General Hozvard's Ditto, ordered on

Ditto Service - - - - 215 -

To iood* Ditto for Major General Elliott's Ditto, ordered on Ditto Service 215 — —

To 1 ood* Ditto for Colonel Barrington's Ditto, ordered on Ditto Service - 215 — —

To ioo‘u Ditto for Colonel Watson's Ditto, ordered on Ditto Service - 215 — —

To iood‘ Ditto for Colonel Armiger\s Ditto, ordered on Ditto Service - 215 — —

To Forage to the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital, in Great Britain - - -3,880 — —

To ioodi Ditto for Colonel Coote's Battalion of Foot - - - 205 — —

To Baggage Horses for Lord Blakeney's Regiment To Ditto for Colonel Forbes's Ditto -To Ditto for Lieutenant General Bragg's Ditto ... To Ditto for Lieutenant General Murray's'Ditto -To Ditto for Major General Napier's Ditto ... To Baggage Horses for Lieutenant General Stuart's Regiment To Ditto for Colonel Brudenell's Ditto ..... To Ditto for the Regiment of Horse Guards - -

To Ditto for Lieutenant General Campbell's Dragoons -To Ditto for Sir John Mordaunt's Ditto ..... To Ditto for Lieutenant General Bland's Ditto ... To Ditto for Sir Charles Howard's Ditto -To Ditto for Lieutenant General Cholmondeley's Ditto -To Ditto for Major General Kingsley's Regiment of Foot To Ditto for the Earl of Home's Ditto ..... To Ditto for Lieutenant General Hvjke's Ditto -To Ditto for Major General Kennedy's Ditto ... To Ditto for Colonel Coote's Battalion of Foot.

To Bas Horses for Major General Napier's Regiment of Foot To Ditto for Lieutenant General Stuart's Ditto -To Ditto for Colonel BrudenelCs Ditto.

To Ditto for Lieutenant General Bland's Dragoons To Ditto for Sir Charles Howard's Ditto -To Ditto for Lieutenant General Cholmondeley's Ditto -To Ditto for Sir John Mordaunt's Ditto -To Ditto for the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards To Ditto for Lieutenant General Campbell's Dragoons To Ditto for Major General Kingsley's Regiment of Foot To Ditto for the Earl of Home's Ditto.

To Ditto for Lieutenant General Hujke's Ditto -To Ditto for Lord Blakeney's Ditto ..

To Ditto for Colonel Forbes's Ditto «.

To Ditto for Lieutenant General Bragg's Ditto -To Ditto for Lieutenant General Murray's Ditto To Bas Horses for M^jor General Kennedy's Regiment of Foot To Ditto for Colonel Coote's Battalion of Foot -

180 — 180 — 180 —

180

208 15 208 15 208 90-60 — Co —

£ = 60 — 208 15 208 15 208 if; 180 — 201 5

759-

I- t. d.

,0»973 3 44

8,925-----?

IQO -

I9O — I9° —

ZZ

60 —

60 -

IQO —

60 — I90 — lyo — 190 — no — no — no — no — no —

19 —

*>773

2,400 —

T#

j


To Mr. Ofioald, for Bread Waggons, Wood, and Straw, for the Forces encamped in the Year 1757 -

To Ditto, for Ditto Forces in Ditto Year, being the Balance of his Account To Ditto, for Bread, Forage, fife. for the Forces encamped last Summer -To Ditto, for 150 Bread Waggons to be furnished for Ilejfian and Prussian Troops in Germany, on Account - -

To Ditto, for Bread and Bread Waggons to the British Troops in Germany To Ditto, on Account of Forage for Waggon Horses employed for the Use of the British Troops in Germany - -

To Matthew Woodford Esquire, for victualling 360 Men of the Garrison of Annapolis Royal, from tft October 1757 to 31st of December following by way of Imprelt, and upon Account To Ditto, for Ditto* in Ditto Garrison, from the ift of January to the 31st of March 1758, by way of Ditto -

To Christopher Kilby Esquire, to pay Matthew Woodford Esquire, for victualling several Persons in Ditto Garrison, by way of Ditto To Matthew Woodford Esquire, for victualling Ditto Garrison, from i'll of April to the 30th June 1758, by way of Ditto ,-

To Ditto, for Ditto Garrison, from the ill of July to the 30th of September >753 - - - - .....- -

To Mr. Cafhcart, Director of the Hospitals for the Allowances to several supernumerary Hospital Mates, the Expence of Freight,' Sic. of the Stores of the Hospitals for the Camp in the Isle of Wight and at Chatham, and for the Forces on the Expedition under the Command of the Duke of Marlborough - - - - 1,300 — —

To Ditto, for Bedding and other Necessaries for the Hospitals for the Forces

on foreign Service - - 1,270-----

To Ditto, for a Supply of Bedding and Sheets for the Use of the Forces in

Germany, and for the current Expences for the Hospitals in the Isle of Wight 1,650---

To Ditto, for Bedding, fife. to the Troops at Weymouth, Newport, and on

the Expedition under Major General Hopfon ----- 5,420-----

To Major Caulfield, towards the Expence of the Roads and Bridges to be made and built in North Britain - - - -5,270128

To Ditto, for repairing the old Roads and Bridges there in the Year 1758 500-

To Ditto, for Ditto 1759 ----- 500---

To the Earl of Horne, for sundry special Services for the Garrison of Gibraltar 1,174x2 9

To Ditto, for Ditto --- ----- - 1,808 14 —

To Monsieur Alt, upon Account of Extraofdinaries of the Hejffian Troops in the Pay of Great Britain - - - < - - , - - - 20,000 — —

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - 20,000 — - —

To Ditto, being in Part of £. 80,000 agreed upon between Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick (by Direction from his Majesty), and the Landgrave of Hejfe

CajQelfov an additional Body of Troops - - - - 20,000-----

To Ditto, to complete the Sum of£.8o, Qoo* for D0 - - - - 60,000-----

To Mr. Drummond, for the Discharge of a Bill drawn by Messieurs Pye and Cruichjhank, on Account of Forage provided for the Hessian Forces' in the Army of Observation To Jacob Dias, for the Discharge of a Bill drawn by Mendes da Cojta, on Account of 100 Bread Waggons for the Hejffiians - 6,598 4 2

To Ditto, for Ditto, on Ditto Account ----- 4,690 4 2

To Meffteurs Samuel and William Baker and Christ. Kilby, for victualling the Forces in North America, between the 5th of August 1758 and the 15th September following, by way of Imprest, fife* ‘ - - 25,579 1 —

To Ditto, for Ditto, to the Ditto in Ditto, from the 16th Septembei' to the

27th Oefo&er 1758, by way fofDitto ----- 44,937 13 —

To WUhiamBaker Esquire, for victualling the Forces in Nova Scotia, and forlnfurarice, between the 29th of Noverjiber 1756 and the 7th of August 1757, on Account - 1,577 *7 3

To Ditto, for victualling Major General War burton's and Major General Lefcelles's Regiments on the military Establishment in Nova Scotia, from 8th of August 1757 to the 16th of April 1758, mclutive, byway of Imprest,

and Account - - - 30,654 6 6

To Ditto, for Ditto the Forces in Ditto (exclusive of MajorGeneiul //c/5/^7z’s Regiment), for several Quantities of Provisions issued to the Forces at Halifax and the adjacent Oat-poils,bet ween the 17th of April 1758 and the 14th of May following, and for the Garrrfcm of Annapolis Royal, between the 3d of April 1758 and the 30th of May following, by way of Ditto - 2,029 9 —

To Ditto, for Ditto, in Ditto, between the 15th of May 1758 and the 9th

of July following, by way of Ditto ----- 7,605 10 —

To William Baker Esquire, for victualling Major General Warburton's and Major General Lascelles's Regiments, fife. on the military Establishment inNovaScotia, between August 1758 and the 3d SeptanbertoUovving,

Ttrotb i Deleft ve, by way of Imprest, and upon Account - - - 1,330 3 6

Vol. 28, 6 N

828-----

810 — —

828-----

819 — — 828-----

£ s. d.

0,000-----

4,216 10 —

5.000 -

6,750. — 5.350 —

3.000 —

505

it- s. d.

30.3i6 10 —

4>i 13-----

9,640 —

6,270 12 8

21983 6 .9

120,000 — —

5j°°o — —

11,288 8 4

7CT.516 14 —

To

o6

23° Martii.

4.

2,769

To Ditto, for Ditto in Ditto, between the 4th of September 1758 and the ift of October following, both inclusive, by way of Ditto -To Ditto, for Ditto in Ditto, exclusive of Major General Hopfon's Regiment,

between 10th July 1758 and 6th August following, by way of Ditto - 35461

Towards which

Si di

4 — 8 6

May be applied, being voted for Provisions for Major General Hopfon's Major General Warburtoil's, and late Lieutenant General OffareWs, Regiments for the Year 1758 -

Remains to be provided for:

49,427 *8 9

- iL5*9

1.766

1.766

1.805

1.805

1*785

5 "

10

To Channel) Totenfend Esquire, for victualling 363 Men, being the Augmentation to Major General Hopfon's Regiment in Nova Scotia and Newfoundland, for the Year 1756 - - - - 1,000 - — —

To Ditto, for victualling 785 Men, Part of Ditto Regiment in Ditto, from 24th December 1756 to 23d March following - -

To Ditto, for victualling Ditto Men in Ditto, from 25th December 1757 to the 23d March 1758, by way of Imp rest, SCc. -

To Ditto, for victualling Ditto Men in Ditto, from 24th of March 1758 to 2$d June following, both inclusive, by way D° -To Ditto, for Ditto to Ditto, from 24th June 1758 to 23d of September

following, both inclusive, by way of Ditto - - - - 1,805 10

ToDitto,forDitto to Ditto, from the 24th of September to 23d December 1758 1*785 17 b

To Ditto, for victualling the Artillery in Newfoundland, from 24th June

1758 to the 23d June 1759 ‘ - - - 1,140 12 6

To Grass-money of 559 Horses of Lieutenant General Bland? s Dragobns 73313 9

To Ditto of 394 Ditto of Lieutenant General Cholmonde ley's Ditto - - 51726

To Ditto of 394 Ditto of Sir Charles Howard's Ditto - - - - 51726

To Ditto of 394 Ditto of Lieutenant General Campbell's Ditto - - 51.7 2 6

To Ditto of 394 Ditto of Sir John Mordaunt's Ditto - - - - 517 2 6

To Sir Robert Rich, for the Difference of keeping 394 Horses of his Regiment of Ditto in the House 20 Weeks - - - - _ - 1,034. 5 —

To Ditto, for Lord Geo. Sackville's Ditto ----- 1,034 5 —

To Ditto, for Lieutenant General Hawley's Ditto - 1,034 5 —

To Ditto, for the Earl of Ancram's Ditto ----- 1,034 5 —

To Ditto, for the Earl of Albemarle's Ditto ----- 1,034 5 —

To Ditto, for Sir John Cope's Ditto - - - - 1,034. 5 —

To Grass-money for Sir Charles Hoivard's Light Troop - - - - 84 — —

To Ditto of Lieutenant General Cholmondeley's Ditto - - - 84-----

To Ditto of Lieutenant General Campbell's Ditto - - - 84 ——

To Ditto of Sir John Mordaunt's Ditto - - - -, - 84-----

To Ditto of Lieutenant General Bland's Ditto - - - 84-----

To Colonel Durand, to enable him to proceed to the Army of 38,000 Men of the Troops

of Hanover, &c. to act as Comiiiiflary for muttering the said Troops - 500-----

To Ditto, as Ditto to Ditto Troops for 183d*, from the 4th of May 1758 to

the 2d of November following - - 640 10 —

To Mr. Gamier, Apothecary General, for Medicines by him provided for the Forces in England, the Expedition under Sir John Mordaunt, the East and West Indies, and N° America 1757 - 3,757 8 1

To Ditto, for Ditto, and Materials sent to North America, Africa, the Hof-pitals in the Isle of Wight, the Troops ordered to the Coastof France and Germany, he. 1758 4*004 5 11

To Mefficuts Roberts and Baynes, for an Allowance of Half a Year, ending the 14th of Febnianj 1758, for keeping in Store, according to ContraCl, certain Quantities of Provisions in Guernsey - 234 3 6

To Ditto, for Ditto, at Ditto, to the 14th of August 1758 - - 234 3 6

To Ditto, for Ditto at Jersey, to the 14th March 1758 - - 7 234 3 6

To Ditto, for Ditto at Ditto, to the 14th September 1758 - 234 3 6

To Jof Morse, Sutler with the Troops in N° America, in Consideration of hisExpences, Charge?, and Lodes sustained by him at Oswego - - - - 1,332 7 —

To John MCullock, Storekeeper to the Garrison of Oswego, for 587* Pay,

from 8th May 1756, exclusive, to the 15th December inclusive, at 4 s. aDay 117 8 —

To Lieutenant Thomas Chejhyre, 313d* Pay as Judge Advocate at Oswego,

from 14thAuguft 175510 26th June 1756^ jqs. aDay - 156 jo —

To Captain Robert White, for Losses sustained at Minorca - - - 237 — —

To Solomon St. Maurice, for 396^ Pay, from 30th June 1756, exclusive, the Day he w as appointed one of the Commissaries on the Surrender of Fort St. Philip's Cattle, to the 30th of July 1757, the Day he arrived at London, at 10s. a Day ----- ig8 ——

To Mr. Dixon, for 409*" Pay, from 30th June 1756, exclusive, the Day he was appointed one of the Commissaries on the Surrender of St. Philip' sCastle, to the 30th August 1757, the Day he arrived at London, at io$. a Day 204 10 —

A. 1759.

A '

37*897 16 —

11,070 — —

9>427 9

1,140 10 —

7,761 14 —

936 14

1,606 5 —

639 10 —

12 Geo. II.

2 30 Martiu

To Messieurs Birch, Frye, And Cuf, to satisfy a Bill drawn by Henry Moore Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica, for the Service of the Musquito Shore - 344 12 7

To Messieurs Crockatts, in Discharge of a Bill drawn by D°, as D* of D°, for sundry Disbursements for the Service of the Musquito Indians To Mrs. Katherine Trelazvney, in Discharge of a Bill drawn by Henry Moore Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica, for the Service of the Musquito Shore -

303 16 8

498 l9 10

To Benjamin Martin Esquire, for Presents for the Indians bordering on the

Colony of Georgia - - - - 1*500-----

To Ditto, for Pay Bills for Boatmen, fife* and for Provisions for the Use of

the Detachment from the Companies in South Carolina 649 ig 6

To Henry Wauchope Esquire, Barrackmaster to the Garrifon of Plymouth, to provide Coals

and Candles for the Forces that are or may be in Barracks there - - 500-----

To Ditto, for Ditto at Ditto 500-----

To John Calcraft Esquire, for his Majesty\s Proportion on Account of 558 Chaldrons of Coals for Gibraltar, in the Year 1758, at £. 2. 8 a Chaldron - - 1,340 8" —

To Ditto, foi' Ditto, on Account of an additional Duty of 4 s. per Chaldron upon 1,500 Chaldrons exported by him to Gibraltar; from 25th June 1757 to 24th June 1758 - - - - . - 300 — 1-----

To the Pay of 38 supernumerary Captains, between the 24th September 1757 and 24th

December following, both inclusive, - - - - 1,590-----

To Ditto of 30 supernumerary Captains, between 25th December and 24th

June 1758, both inclusive 2,158 10 —

To Captain Gordon, for so much expended by him for Necessaries and unavoidable Expences, in consequence of his being appointed to command an Expedition -To Colonel Waljhy to reimburse in Part the Agent of his Regiment the ExpenCe Attending the raising of the Men, and Freight of their Passage to Jamaica, from the Commencement of their Augmentation to the 24th December 1757 - -

To John Calcraft Esquire, on Account of an Allowance of 5 s. a Day to each of the 38 Lieutenants Who were sent to America with Draughts from the Regiments in Great Britain and Ireland -

To 182 D’ deficient Ofl-reckonings of the 50th and 51st Regiments of Foot reduced, from 25th of December 1756 to the 24th of June 1757 - 2,978 10 4

To Mr. Drummond, for 231 D* Off-reckonings of 7 Companies added to Lord John Murray's Regiment - - i.

To Mr. Cor, in lieu of 18 Months Off-reckonings for Colonel Coote’s Battalion of Foot - - - . - -

To Mr. Rojs, in lieu of 243 D* Ditto for the additional Company added to Colonel Frafer’s Battalion of Highlanders To Mr. Calcraft, in lieu of 243 D* Ditto for the additional Company added to Colonel Montgomejy's Battalion of Ditto - -

U3*9 9

8

4.036 — 3 i98 17 —

19817

To James Wright Esquire, Agent for South Carolina, fof Presents to the Indians -

To John Reynolds Kiquire. Governor of Georgia, for reimbursing his Expences in raising a Troop of Rangers for the Defence of the same -

To Major General Carr9 for Necessaries furnished the Three Battalions of Foot Guards cantoned in Somerset Ilouse and the Savoy Barracks, to the 24th Jane - 1 758 1,665 8

To Ditto, for Ditto, to Ditto, to the 24th of December 1758 - - 1,587 17 6

To Richard Cox Esquire, in Consideration of his having acted as Secretary to Field Marsha! Lord Ligonier, from 25th March to 30th November 1757, and for his Allowance for Forage for the said Time -

To Colonel Watson, forsupplying the Barracks at Plymouth with Coals for the Use of his

Regiment, from 21st June to 25th July 1758 - ....

To Mr'.lAdairfor furnishing Coals for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Portsmoiith -To George CoUingzvood Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Jersey, to enable him to provide 162 Chaldrons of Coals, at the Rate of £. 2. 5. a Chaldron for the Use of Lieutenant General Borland's Regiment - - - - -

To Sir John Milne, Lieutenant Governor gt Guernsey, to enable him to provide 228 Chaldrons OfCoals, at £. 2. 15. a Chald", for the Use of the Invalids there for One Year To Messieurs Colebi'ook and NeJbiityiov transporting 3,000 Chaldrons of Coals for the Use of the Garrison of Louijbourg, by way of Imprest, and advanced upon Account To Mr. Gordon, for Four Hand M ills for the Use of the Forces at Senegal -

Tothe Earl of Ij>udounfov\\\s Pay as General and Commander inChiefof the Forces in North America, and for his Two Aids de Camp And Secretary, from 25th December 1757 to lft June Vj58, the Time of his Landing in England, being 159 D‘, at £.11. 10. a Day To Richard Jack, as an Engineer to the Troops under the Command of Major General Hopfon, in advance, and upon Account -

To J. /f. Biftide Esquire, to reimburse him the Expence he has been at in his Majesty’s Service - k - - . - . -

Vol. 28*

507

£ s.

1,147 9 I

2,149 19 6

1,000 —

1*640 8 —

3,748 10 — 140 — - 2

2,000-----

638 —

8,74i >4 3 2,000----->.

117 15 —

3,258 5 > 163 3 —

>'X?

If 6

' )

445 l9 — 627 — — 6,000 — —

l07 3 i

1,828 10 —

600-----,

500-----

To

23 ° Martiu

A. 1759.

To Lord Geo. Be aucle rk, Compiauder in Chieifof the forces in North Britain, for so touch expended by him for the Good of the Service -

To Mr. Vardy, Surveyor of the Horse Guards, for Fixtures, Furniture, and Meceflaries, provided by several Artificers in completing and fitting up the Secretary at War’s Office at the New Horse Guards -

To Lieutenant General Holmes, for Wood and Straw for the Forces encamped in the Isle of Wight foil Summer -

To John Cqlcrqft Esquire, for Swords and Accoutrements loft dt the Siege of Fort St. Philip, for Major General Cornwallis's Regiment -

To Ditto, for Ditto of Major General Warburton's Regiment, loft on board of the Tilbury Man of War -

To John Calcraft Esquire, for Clothing and Accoutrements of the 48th Regiment of Foot loft on Afonongohela iu North America To Ditto, for Ditto of the 44th Regiment, loft at Ditto

To Mr. Bowerbank, Contracting for maintaining the Bedding belonging to the Office Of Ordnaiicein the Garrison of Porifmouth, and for providing Utensilsfor the Barracks there -To Lord Robert Bertie, towards reimbursing him the Expence of receiving and paying for Recruits raised for other Regiments, towards completing the Royal Fufileers under his Command ——

To the Pay of Five Under Deputy Commissaries employed during the Encampments of the Year 1758, between the 4th of May ^nd the 19th of October, at 6 s. a Day each -To the Pay of the Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, and Chaplains, of the Second Batalions of i§ Regiments of Foot ordered to be regimented, between the 24th of April 1758 and the 25th of June following - - - - 2,219 2 2

To 183 D* Pay of Ditto, from the 25U1 June 1758 to 24th of December following, both inclusive, at £.20. 15. a Day ->-*- 3,797 5 —

To the |foy of the Colonels and Major added to 18 Companies of Invalids ordered to be regimented, between 6th AjpfU 1758 and the 25th of June following - - 259 14 6

To 183 D* Ditto, of Ditto, from the 25th June 1758 to the 24th of December following, both incluftye, at £. 2. 2. a Day ----- 384 6 —

To the Pay of Orie Comp.any added to Colonel Talbot's Regiment of Foot for 183 D8,from the 25th of June 1758 to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, at £. 5.5. 8. a Day -To the Pay of Seven Companies added to Lord John Murray's Regiment of Foot for 183 D* from Ditto to Ditto, both inclusive, at £. 38. 2. 10 a Day -

To the Pay of Two Companies added to Lieutenant Colonels Montgomery and Frafer's Battalions, for 183 f)', frqnji £5th June 1758 to 2\t\\ December following, both inclusive,

at 10. 11.4a Day - - .....-

To the Pay of the Augmentation to the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, for 122 Ds, from the 25th oiAugufti^i to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, at£. 12.12 aDay To the Pay of the Augmentation to Six Regiments of Dragoons, exclusiveof their Light Troops, from the 25th of August 1758 to the 24th of December following, both inclusive,

at£ 33. 6 a Day - - - 4,062 12 —

To the Pay of the Augmentation of Eleven Light Troops, from Ditto to

Ditto, at 33. 16. 6 a Day ----- 4,126 13 —

To the Difference of Pay between the Englfh and Irish Establishments of the 2d Battalion of Lord Fork’s Regipient of Foot, for 62 D', from the 24th of OBober 1758 to 24th of December following, both inclusive ——

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishment of Colonel Anstru-ther's Regiment of Foot for 208 fropi the 20th February 1758 to the 24th December following, both inclusive ' - -

To Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, as Superintendent or Director of Forage and Provisions, ike. for the combined Army under the Command of Prince Ferdinand, towards providing himself with an Equipage - -

To 150 Ds Pay to Robert Boyd Esquire, as Commissary of the IleJJians, at £. 3 a Day To 336 Days Pay to Colonel Wolfev as Brigadier General in N° America, from 23d January 1758 to 24th December following, both inclusive, £. 1.10 a Day -To Colonel Wylfe, to defray the Expence incident to a Command given him mNorth America, To Major Dumas, tc satisfy a.RiU drawn on him by Robert Boyd Esquire, on Account of his Pay as late Commissary to the Hejfim Troops in t he Pay of Great Britain -To Samuel Lee Esquire, Surgeon, in Confederation of his curing such ruptured Soldiers as shall be sent to his Hospital during the Year 1758 -

To Anthony Bacon Esquire, for Provisipns for the Garrison at Senegal, by way of Advance, and upon Account ——

To John Gore Esquire, for Provisions for mi independent Company at Providence, to the 5th of January 1759 -

To Lord Geo. Sackville, Commander in Chief of the Forces in Germany, towards providing himself with an Equipage. ——

To William Alexander Esquire, to satisfy a Bifi drawn by Mr. Campbell, Cashier of the Royal, Bank of Scotland, for 8 Years Allowance of£. 100 a Year, for providing the Troops with Specie . ——

To John Calcraft Esquire, for Difouiffements for several American Provincials, who were Prisoners in France - - - _ ‘ -

To Contractors for victualling(rj6raftar, and to answer all Payments made, and to be made,to

£ r. d% 300-----

815 16 8

3>oooo —

171 9 11

178 6 8

509 18 ~ 437 10 6

84 19 9

79-----

201 12 —

6,016 7 Z

644 — 6 966 17 — 6,979 *8 ®

i»933 *4 — ».537 4 —

8.1*9 5 —

*7* *5 10

648 5 4

800 — — 450 — —

504 — — 500 — —

5 5P«"~

ZOQ — — 5,000 — — .456

1,000 — — goo —

1,303 9 6

eompl«te

32 Geo. II. 23' Martii.

S09

complete that Service, as well for Victual as for Insurance, and all incidental Charges to

Decembej' 1758 -....

ToColonel David Watson,to discharge the Quarters of the HanoverianTroops in the Year 1756 To Abraham Hume Esquire, as Commissary General of Stores, Provisions, 8Cc. for 286 D# Pay, from 13th March 1756, the Date of his Commission, exclusive, to the 24th of December following, inclusive,at £. 3 a Day - - - . '

To the additional Officers of the "Hospitals serving in N° America, for their Pay between the 24th December' 1756 and the 25th of December 1757 - - - 685 5 —

To the Pay of the extraordinary Officers of the Hospitals, for the Use of his Majesty’s Forces serving on the several Expeditions, SCc. during the Year

*758.....----- 3>872 *5 —

War Office, z^ March. Barrington. Total -

£. s. d.

1,638 11 9

338 9 —

858 — -4>558

466,785 10 5

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House*

Barrington An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain kdofure. open and common Fields, called Little Barrington common Fields, and a Common or Waste called the Downs, within the Manor of Little Barrington, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, called Little Barrington common Fields, and a Common or Waste called the Downs, within the Manor of Little Barrington, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordauntdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

A11 ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more Roadi. effectual, the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of- Kingsdown Hill and the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways therein mentioned leading to the said City; aiidalfoTor repairing several other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing the Road from the Six Mile Stone, in the Parish of Camertvn,to the White Post in the Parish of Mid-summer Norton; and from the Cross Post, in the Parish of Nezvton St. Loe, to the Keif on Road in the Parish of Weston; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Bath to Bradford, on the Top of Muntton Hill,\n the Parish of MwiBon Combe, to the Cross Road leading to Entry Hill*, and also the Lane called Bathwicke Lane, leading from Bathwicke, into the Turnpike Road leading from Claverton, alias Clarion Dozen, to Bath; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An A6fc to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads leading to thte City of Bath; and for amending several other Rb&ds near the said City. ‘ * '

Ordered, That Mr. Prowse do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

«unorland ‘ Mr. Z?0?£?£ypreferited to the House,acc6rdingtoOrder, Port. a Bill for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of S'widerIqnd, In the County of Durham, as relates to the Port and Haven of Sun-dev land, and the River Wear, between Smith Biddick ' arid Biddickford, and the said Port and Haven: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Sefcond time.

B-e^on A Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and comic. ’ mon Fields of Breedon, Tonge, and Wilson, in the Manbr Iaclosure. VoL. 28.

of Breedon, and County of Leicester, and certain commonable and waste Grounds within the respective Liberties thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston,

Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Smith, Mr. Calvert, Nix. Pitt, Sir Geo. Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Whitei Mr. Toxvnfhend, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Trifl, Mr. WiUtinfon, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Brijlowe, Mr. Lockyer,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lezvis, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Wiglcy,

Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Symons, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Hammond,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Thurjby, Sir John Glynne, f Mr. Affleck, Lord North, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Crosse,

Mr. More, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Hume, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Butler, Sir T^homds Palmer, Mr.

Buller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Molyneux, Nit*Cooke, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Charlton, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Waller, Sir Lynch Cotfoji, Mr. Gybbon,

Sir Roger New digate, Sw Edmund Isham; and all -the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Wdr- \ wick, Stafford, Northampton, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock,' in the Speaker’s Chamber. ’;.:

A Bill for grantingto his Majesty a Subsidy of Pound- Supply Bill j age upon certain Goods and Merchandize to be im- Annuities ported into this Kingdom, and an additional inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate: and for raising a certain r Sum of Money, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy and additional inland Duty; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. /

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, refol ve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said - Bill. . r

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A6)f Molynenx*# for transferring to the Guardians of Charles William Marriage Molyneux, tin Infant, a certain Power of Leafing, con- Settlement, tained in the Marriage Settlement of Richard late Lores Vifcourit Molyneux, deceased, during the Minority, and for the Benefit, of the said Infant, was rea^ the Firtt time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time:

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mountague and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Neithrop for dividing and inclosingOne open and common Field, Inciosure« calledNeithrop Field, and several Parcels of Land called Bull's CluJ'e, the Hooks Common, Balke's Leys, White Post, Cozo Layer, Paddock, Great March causezvays, and Ley, within the Township and Liberties of Neithrop and Wickham, and in the Parish of Banbury, in the County of '.Oxford, without any Amendment.

‘ And then the Messengers withdrew:

60 An

510 if Marta. 1759-

Dew/burjr An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road his Majesty’s Commission for holding this Parliament,

EaUnd ^rom Dewfturyto Ealand, in the West Riding of the accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the Eoad. County of York, was read the Third time. - said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

The Amendment following was propofedto be made An Act for taking off the Prohibition of the Expor-to the Bill; viz. tation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and

Pr. 41. L. 32. After" Yorks toinfert "specifying Starch: u the Offence, and when and where committed." An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: put thereupon, agreed to by the House; And the Bill An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine was amended at the Table accordingly. Forces while on Shore:

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Dezvf- qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within bury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time York. ~ - for that Purpose:

Ordered, That Sir Lionel Pilkinglon do carry the Bill An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the

to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence. 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An

A ft for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Wear A Petition of the Magistrates, Merchants, and prin- Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and Narration, cipal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, the several Parishes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at New-in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto ington, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ Church, subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhith, in Notice, That a Petition is depending, for making and the County of Surrey, and the several Precincts and Li-completing the River Wear navigablefrom, andinclud- berties of the fame; and for extending the Powers and ing, Biddickford, to the City of Durham; and alleging, Provisions-of the said Act to such Part of the Eastern that such Improvement will be of great Utility to the Half of the Hundred of Brixton, in the said County, as Trade of that Borough, and to the Public in general: is not included in the said Act:

And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into An Act for repairing and widening the high Road a Law. leading from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of

Ordered, That the said Petit ion do lie upon the Table. Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleajley, Glapwell v . Heath, and Normenton, and the Liberty of Hafiand, to

The ingrossed Bill for the more effectually Manning the Turnpike Road leading from the Town oi Derby to of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the Town of Cherftefield, in the County of Derby: the fame; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships or Vessels in the the East End of the Town of Chard, to the South End of Merchants Service; was, according to Order, read the West Moor, and from the West End of the YeovilTurn-Third time. pike Road, through Ilmifter, to Kenny Gate; and from

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, the West End of Peafemarsh Lane to Horton Elm, and by Way of Rider, for discharging Seamen from Ships from St. Rain Hill to Ilmifter, and from While Cross to fold in foreign Parts: Chillington Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks,

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the County of Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be Somerset:

made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Not-the Bill, by way of Rider, relating to private Ships of tingham, to Newhaven, and from the Four Lane Ends War: near Oakerthorpeto Ashbome, and from the Cross Post

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; on Wirksworth Moor to join the Road leading from which being filled up, the said Clause was read the third Chesterfield to Chappel-en-le-frith at or near Longston, v time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to in the County of Derby 5 and from Selston to Anneftey by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham.

Rider. An Act to continue, amend, and make effectual, an

And a Motion being made. That the Bill do pass; Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from A Message, by Mr. Quarme, Deputy Gentleman the North-well Parts of the County of Lincoln, through U flier of the Black Rod; Nettlam Fields, Wragby-Lane, and Baumber Fields,

Mr. Speaker, to the Wolds, or North-east Part of the said County;

Royal Assent The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s and also for repairing and widening the Roads from the Jj* . Commissiqn for declaring his Royal Assent to several Well in Eastgate, in the City of Lincoln, and from the Acts, agreed upon by both Houses,do desire the imme- North-weft End of Horn Castle, and from the Guide Post diate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House at the East End of Hainton, through Barkwith, to the of Peers, to hear the Commission read. Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act:

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up An Act for repairing several Roads leading to the to the House of Peers. Town of Bridgexvater, in the County of Somerset; and

And being returned; for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire for amending severalRoads from the Cities of Gloucester of the Lords authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s and Rny?o/, and several other Roads in the said Acts men-Commission afore-mentioned, bad been at the House of tioned, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester:

Peers: Where a Commission under the Great Seal was An Act for repairing and widening the Road from read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent the Cross at Broken Cross in Macclesfield, in the Coun-to several public and private Bills therein mentioned; ty of Chester, through Macclesfield Forest, to the present and also impowering his Royal Highness the Duke of Turnpike Road at the South End of the Townflrip of Cumberland, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Ihurfow, in the County of Derby:

Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, and the Lord Pre- A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from fidentof the Council,andfeveral other Lords,to declare Chesterfield to the Turnpike Road at Hernfton Lane and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that Head, and also the Road branching from the said Road the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal; the Duke of Dorset upon the East Moor, through Bajlow and War dime, to and the Lord Mansfield, named also in the said Commis- the joining of the said Roads again near Wardlow Mires, fion; did, by virtue of the said Commission, and also of and also the Road leading between the said Road and

Branch

32 Geo. II i \' — i&Martcit

Branch from Calver Bridge to Bajlow Bridge; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road near Newhaven House to the Turnpike Road near Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby:

An Act for making the River Stort navigable, in the Counties of Hertford and Essex, from the New Bridge in the Town of BishopStortford, into the River Lee, near a Place called the Rye, in the County of Hertford:

An Act to enable the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal from a certain Place in the Township of Salford, to or near Worjley Mill and Middleivood, in the Manor of Woijley, and to or near a Place called!IollinFerry, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open, arable, Meadow, Pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Honington, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for establishing and rendering efledhial certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the Commons and waste Grounds in the Townships of Bentley and Ark fey, and Parish of Arkfey, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Meadows, common, Pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Staunton, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open, arable. Meadow, Pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Frefion ujyon Slower, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and commonFields in Great Glen, in the County of Leicester, called the Nether or South End Fields, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several common Fields and Grounds within the Manor of Fillingham, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, and common Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Willoughby, in the County of Warwick:

An Act to diflblvethe Marriage of John Cooke Esquire with Susannah Cooper his bow Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Christopher Codrington Esquire, now called Christopher Bethell, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Bethell, pursuant to the Will of Slingfby Bethell Esquire deceased:

An Act for continuing, establishing, and confirming, the Surname and Arms of Bootle unto Richard Wilbraham Bootle Esquire, formerly called Richard Wilbraham, and Mary Wilbraham Bootle his Wife, and their IfiTue, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Bootle Knight, deceased:

An Act to enable Thomas Peckham Esquire, and his Hue, to take and use the Surname of Fowle:

An Act to enable John Coant Gentleman, and his Hue, to take and use the Surname of Wakelin:

An Adfornzitur&tizAngGafparSchojnbart, JohnSpitta, Gyjbei'tVan Voorft, Fvederickde Chevrigny, Conrad I I ark-fen, Christopher Strothoff, and Jasper Laurence Richter:

An Act for naturalizing Thomas Pecholier, Peter Harifon, and Samuel Bernard Graff:

An Act for naturalizing Philippus Willem Casimir Van Straubenzee Esquire.

Ordered, That the Debate upon the Motion, that the ingossed Bill for the more effectually Manning of his Majesty's Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships or Vreflels in the Merchants Service; do pass, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more regular and easy collecting, accounting for, and paying of Poll Fines which shall be due to the Crown, or to Grantees thereof under the Crown, and for the Ease of Sheriffs in respect to the fame, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this HousewiIl,upon Wednesday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for rafing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Niue of the Clock.

Luriec, 26° die Martii;

Anno 320 Georgii II41 Regis, 1759. Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Julliott, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door j He was called in; and, at the Bar, piefented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by his Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to an Address of this honourable House, for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1759, and which have not been made good by this House.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Manning the Navy*

Collecting

ofPoft

Fine*.

Supply.

Wayi and Meant*

-Account of Militia Cloathing.

Vol. a8.

512 26°

A. 1759.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and BurgelTes, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOU NT of all Sums of Money which have been ifiuerl by his Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to an Act-dress of this honourable House, for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1759, and which have not been made good by this House.

The Money issued at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, to the foIlowingPersons, by his Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to an Address of the honourable House of Commons, amounts to the Sum of One thousand Three hundred Thirty-two Pounds Ten Shillings; viz.

To Hemy Earl of Pembroke, his Majesty’s Lieutenant of the County of Wilts -To pay the 6d. per. £, on Pensions attending the Receipt thereof -To Anthony Earl of Shaftjbiiry, his Majesty’s Lieutenant of the County of Dorset To pay the 6d. per £. on Pensions attending the Receipt thereof -

To Peregrine Bertie Duke of Ancaster, his Majesty’s Lieutenant of the County of Lincoln To pay the 6d.per £. on Pensions attending the Receipt thereof -

£. x. d.

500-----

j 2 10 — 400 — — 10 — —

400-----

10 — —

Exchequer, the 26th Day of March 1759.

4 Solomon Paul Julliott.

£. 1, 332 10 —

Ordered, That the said Account- do lie upon the Durham; and for repealing so much of an Act, made Table, tobeperufed by the Meihbers of the House. in the 20th Year of hie present Majesty’sReign, intituled,

An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Waple and Mr. the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in Holford: the County of Durham, as relates to making 'the said Ri-

Mr. Speaker, ... yer navigable between the said Two Places called South

Grantham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Biddick or Biddickfordand Newbridge, irnthe County of Road*, for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in Durham, was read a Second time.

the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tempest,

to Nottingham Trtht Bridge, and from Chappet Bar, near Mr. Bowes, Mr. Plurrier, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fellowes, the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bacon,- Mr. Vanfitlart, Mr.

Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby; and from the Staunton, John Gordon, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Crafler,

Guide Post, in the Parish of Lenlon, to Sazoley Ferry, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Wilkes, Mr, Burrell, Mr. Warren, without any Amendment: And also, Mr. Bridgeman, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. John Pitt, Lord

Duchefsof The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Verney, Mr. Hicme, Mr. Walter, Mr. Brudeneli, Sir Buckingham- raising Money out oFthe personal Estate of the late Du- Lynch Cotton, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Trift, fliirc’s Estate. chefsof Buckingham/hire and Normanby, deceased, to re- Mr. Vyner, Mr. Toum/hend, Sir William Calvert, Mr.

new a Lease of certain Manors and Estates in the County Heicett, Mr. Leivis, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Drake, Mr. Sy-- of York, in the Manner and for the Purposes thereia mons, Sir John Elwell, Mr. Butler; and all the Members

mentioned: To which the.Lords desire the Concurrence who serve for the CountiesofDurham, Northumberland; of this House. Cumberland, WejXmoreland, Lancaster, and York: And

And then the Messengers withdrew. they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in

the Speaker’s Chamber.

Derby, Mr. Venables Vernon pveiented to the House, according:

*c. to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road A Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and TMVon Road. from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby to Meadows, common, pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Indoinr*. the Town of Uttoxeter, and from thence to the Town of Manor of ThiJUeton, in the County of Rutland, was Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford: And read a Second time.

the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bridge*

Rcfulved, That the Bill be read a Second time. man, Mr. Warren, Mr. Boxves, General Cornwallis, Mr.

Boone, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Med-Harm ft on Mr. ^ner rePorte^ from the Committee, to whom lycott. Sir. Geo. Dalfton, Mr. Townshend, Sir Geo. Savile, liiclcfa c. the Bill for inclosingand dividing the common Fields and Mr, Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Elwell, Mr. Rozoney, common Grounds of and in the Manor and Parish of Mr. Crafter, Mr. Hobart, Sir Charted Mordaunt, Mr. Haimiflon, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, More, Sir Edmund Ifhdm, Mr: Thornton, Sir Hemy That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Slingsby, Mt. Ryder, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kyiiafton, Mr.

Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Par- Geo. Onslow, Mr Fellowes,* NIt. Grenville, Mr. liewett, ties concerned had given their Confent to the Bill, to the Mr. Gore, Mr. ThorutonjWlrd Cocks, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee Campbell, Mr. Plummer, Mr. White, Mr. Pitt, Mr. had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Olmius, Mr. Hanger, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Trift, ments thereunto , which they had directed him to report Mr. Jennings, M r. Palmer, Mr. Moore, Mr. Symons *, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Rut-afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in land, Lincoln, and Northampton: And they are to meet at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by Chamber, one \ and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

were agreed to by the House. Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Or- Colcby

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Inclosorc ingrafted. and commonable Lands within the Manor and Parish of

Colebv, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was re-Wear A Bill for making and completing the Navigation ceived; and read the First time.

Navigation, of the River Wear from, and including. South Biddick or Rejoiced, That the Bill be read a Second t ime.

Biddickford, in the County of Durham, to the City of

19 " A Bill

2 6°Martii.

32 Geo. IL

513

SJapton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Inclosure. common Paftu res,common Meadows,common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Slapton, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second time.

1\ejolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Oswald, Mr. More, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Warren, Mr. Bozvcs, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Fuller, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Burrell, Col. Gray, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Rd Warwick Bamfylde, Mr. Bullet, Mr. Smith, Lord Villiers, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Drake, Mr. Heivett, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Harris, Mr. Bull, Mr. Symons, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Pye, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Trijt, Mr. Tozcn-Jhend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Stafford, Leicester, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An Act for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of Southmolton, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called the Old Gallozcs, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Eg/iam, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called the Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknmd, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. VarifUtart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hoton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open locloiure. and common Fields of Hoton, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Hoton, in the County of Leicester, and 1 all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Palmer, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Barton A Bill for dividing and inclosing several open and com-Inclosure. mon Fields, common Meadows, common Pastures and common Grounds, in the Manor or Lordship of Barton, other wise Barton in Fahis, in the several Parishes of Barton and Clifton, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Boioes, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Buller, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Tempest, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Willy, Mr. Pye, Mr Cornewall, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Trift, Mr. Lamb-ton, Mr. Thoroton,^\v Robert Burdett, Mr. Burrell, Colonel Campbell, Mr. More, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Symons, Mr. Bull, Mr. Smith, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Townshend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, Derby, and Lincoln: And t hey are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Southmolton An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and ren-Roaus. Bering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of Southmolton, in the County of Devon, was read the Third time.

A Member And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having takes Oaths, taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; Southmolton The Amendments following were severally proposed Roads. to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 24. L. 4, 5. To leave out " to be L. 7. To leave out " to be:"

L. 16. To leave out the first cf and, " and insert " which," instead thereof:

Pr. 49. L. 15. To leave out " Seven," and insert " Five," instead thereof:

Pr. 52. L. 13. To leave out " General."

Pr. 54. L. 28. To leave out " Seven," and insert * Five," instead thereof:

Pr. 57. L. 21. To leave out from " notwithstanding" to the Second " and, " in Line 33.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, VOJL. 28.

An ingrossed Bill for giving further Time to Trustees therein named to execute certain Trusts veiled in them in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland in Trustees, in order to sell the same to Protestant Purchasers, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for giving further Time to Trustees therein named to execute certain Trusts veiled in them in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in IrelandinTrustees, in order to sell the same to Protestant Purchasers.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, That Mr. Simmons, Accomptant to the Society of the Free British Fishery, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of Receipts and Disbursements by the Society of the Free British Fishery, from 31st December 1757 to 31st December 1758.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst; the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the high Road leading from Wetherby to Graffington, in the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read:

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open, common, and arable. Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, within the Manor of Burftall, in the Parish of Belgrave, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second time.

6 P Resolved,

Sunning,

Sec.

Road.

Plunkett’s and Knox’s Eftatas.

British*

Fishery.

Wetherby to

Kuarcfborough

Road.


Burftall

Inclosure.

Wear

Navigation.

Collecting

of

Post Pines.

Ditto.

514 26° Martii. 1759.

Ee/blvedyThat the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Sir Richard Warwick Bamfylde, Mr. Affleck, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Amcolts, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. J/en?, Sir 7o/w Wynne, Mr. Mohjneux, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. P///, Mr. Gore, Mr. liewett, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Vansittart, Mr.

Rayntun, Mr. Boone, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Tow)ffhend, Mv. Brudenell, Mr. Thornton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Northampton, Warwick, Stafford, and Not* tingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commoh Council, of the City of Exeter, in Chamber assembled, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners observe, that a Petition is now depending, for a Bill for making and completing the Navigation of the River Wear, from, and including, Biddickford, to the City of Durham; and that the Petitioners conceive that such an Improvement will be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition now before the House; and that such Bill, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet and just, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more regular and easy collecting, accounting for, and paying of, Poll Fines which shall be due to the Crown, or to Grantees thereof under the Crown, and for the Ease of Sheriffs in respect to the fame, was committed, the Amendments which the Committeehad made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of Nathanael Rowe Esquire, Clerk of the Warrants, Inrollments, and Estreats, of his Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, was presented to the House,andread; representing to the House, That the Office of Clerk of the Warrants, tic. is a very ancient and public Office, kept in Clifford's Inn, and held for Life by the Petitioner, by virtue of a Grant from the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas for the Time being, and through which all Fines do and must pass, in order to file Warrants of Attorney for the Conuzee in such Fines, which are and have always been entered iu Books which remain in the said Office; and, in the next Term, the Rolls upon which the said Fines are ingrossed, and the Poll Fines marked thereon, are delivered to the Petitioner, to make Estreats thereof, with the Sums thereto affixed for the said Poll Fines; and whichEftreatsare, the laltDay of the said Term, carried by the Petitioner up to the Court of Exchequer; and that the Praefine upon every Writ of Covenant being affixed at the Alienation Office long before the Warrant of Attorney can be filed, and is always the Standard for fixing the Post Fine thereon, and can thereby be certainly known; the Petitioner therefore apprehends, that such Post Fines would be most properly paid at his said Office by the Attorney concerned therein, without any additional Trouble to him, or Expence to his Client, at the same time that such Warrants of Attorney are filed; but if such Post Fines are set and paid before the Fine has been brought to the Petitioner s said Office, and such Fine shall be deemed good and valid in Law, from the Time of Payment of such Post Fine, it will be attended with great Injury to the Petitioner, by depriving him of great Part of the Profits of his said Office, as, when the Fine is known to be valid in Point of Law, the Conuzees, or their Attornies, might be wholly negligent of bringing the same to the Petitioner’s said OfficeAnd therefore praying, That he may be appointed to receive such Post Fines i or that, if the Office were the Praefine fe set or indorsed shall be appointed to receive the same 30

(as by the present Bill is prop’ofed), such Provision may be made in the said Bill, for saving the Estate of the Petitioner, in his said Office, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more regular and easy collecting, accounting for, and paying of, Post Fines which shall be due to the Crown, or to Grantees thereof under the Crown, and for the Ease of Sheriffs in respect to the fame, was committed, be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And several of the Amendments,made bj' the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas^J; } 3°-

Tellers for the Noes^J' ^owe} 49-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the usual Post Fines to be set on Writs of Covenant on which no Praefine is paid:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to thel Bill, for ascertaining the Hours at which the Receiver of Post Fines is to attend to do the Duty of his Office:

Aud the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to L resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon respe^ing the Bill to explain, amend, and render effectual, lb much Horie tfatts. of an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to restrain and prevent the excessive Increase of Horse Races, and for amending, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming; as relates to the Increase of Horse Races, and so far as the same is now in Force;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Expiring whole House, upon the Bill to continue *so much of an haws. Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures: and to appropriate certain Penalties mentioned in an Act,

made

32.Geo. II. 26° — 27 0 51$

ma<1e in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the making of Bread, and regulating the Price and Assize thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wilkes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wilkes reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Wetherby The Order made this Day, for resuming the adjourn-to ed Coufi leration of the Report from the Committee, to

7rUg the Bill for repairing and widening the high

Road from Wethrvbu to G raffing ion, in the County of York, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Haddock have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Ducbeis An ingrafted Bill from the Lor is, intituled, An Act of for railing Money out of the personal Estate of the late ^shire’s*01" ^, JC^e^s Buckingham/hire and Normanby, deceased,

Estate* to *enew a Lease of certain Manors and Eltates in the County of York, in the Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Refulved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 70 die Martii;

Anno 320 Georgii II41 Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

Clerk of die It /f R. Speaker acquainted the House, That Jeremiah House. XVx Oyfon, Clerk of this House, was prevented by Illness from attending the Duty of his Office.

Ordered, That Mr. Yeates do attend at the Table during the Absence of the said Mr. Dyfon.

Air and Ordered, That the Report which, upon Wednesday Caider the 28 th Day of February last, was made from the Corn-Navigation mittee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Peti-^Rauts*1 t’on *everal ^ie Inhabitants, and of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Buildings, and Lands, within the Township of Wakefield, in the County of York, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better ascertaining the Proportion in which the Profits of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Caider shall be assessed to the Parochial Rates of the Town of Wake-field, in the West Riding of the County of York, is committed.

Oadby A Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and com-luclosure. tnon Fields of Oadby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, was read a Second time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Amcotls, Sir John Gtynne, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Leans, Mr. Smith, Mr. Walter, Mr. Foley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bankcs, Sirjohn Cufi, Mr, Thurjfry, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Rigby, Sir Roger Nexodigate, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Vol. 28.

Bacon, Mr. Chester, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Delava!, Mr.

Trwnfhend, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Symons, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Protvfe, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Affleck, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Finch, Mr.

Boives, Mr. jenyns, Mr. West, Mr, Fane, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. More; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Northampton, Nottingham, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Veitch do make the Report, from Kelso the Committee, to whom the Bill for layingaDuty of TwoPcni*;

Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterl ing, Stots*

upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishiuga Bridge cross the River Tweed, and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned, was committed.

Mr. Veitch accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments^ be ingrafted.

Mr. Wilkes, according to Order, reported from the Expiring Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to LawiT continue so much of an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; and to appropriate certain Penalties, . mentioned in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the making of Bread, and regulating the Price and Assize thereof; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom Loughborough the Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Inclosure. Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Town of Louglh borough, in the County of Leicester, and of several Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, and Commons, lying within the open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of the said Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several others, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel; and had also heard Counsel in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of about 121 Acres of Land and Seven Common Right Houses within the said Lordship, who refused to sign the Bill, and made several Objections thereunto; and the Proprietors of about 85 Acres of Land and Six Houses, who refiifed to sign the Bill, but laid they had no Objection; and also the Proprietor of Sixty

Acres

27°

J.ITS9-

Acres of Land and One House, who refused to sign the Bill, but would give no Reason for her Refusal; and that the Whole of the Lord/hip is about 2,015 Acres and 203 Common Right Houses; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Leadwham An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the

Hill Road. Roads from a Place called Little Gate, at the Top of Leadaiha?n Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of Bamby Gate in Newark upon Trent, and from the Guide Post at the Division of Kelham and Mufkham Lanes to Mansdeld, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third time.

Ref jived. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Little Gate, at the Top of Leadenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of Bamby Gate in Ncoark upon Trent, and from the Guide Post at the Division of Kelham and Mujkham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sunderland A Bill for continuing, amending, and rendering more Port. effectual, To much of an Act, made in 20th Year of his present Majesty V Reign, intituled, An Act for the better \ Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durh am, as relates to the Port and Haven of Sunderland, and the River Wear, between South Biddick and Biddick-ford, and the said Port and Haven, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bowes, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Fuller, Sir Matthew Fcatherftonehaugh, Mr. Hume, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Montague, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Pitt, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Wortley Montague, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lee, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Hill, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fane, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Pole, Mr. Chester, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. York, Mr. Butler, Lord Harry Pawlett, Mr. Hewett, Mr. West, Mr. Trift, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cole-brooke, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Gore, Mr. More, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Warren, Mr. Cr after. Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Lcgh, Sir John Cust, Mr. Lafeelles. Sir Roger Nezcdigate, Mr. Egerton, Lord North, Mr. Offley, Lord Verney; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West mo reland, Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Encouragement M p. Clevland presented to the House, according to «f Seamen. Order, a Bill to explain and amend the Act, of the 29th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy; And the same was received; and read the First time.

The House was moved, That the Second Section of an Act, made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, to a Place called Biddaford, in the County of Devon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill.do pass: And that the Title, be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the hollow Way on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, to a Place called Biddaford, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Trift do carry the Bill to . the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Wakefield, through the Townships of Horbury, Netherton, Overton, Lepton, Almondbury, Huddersfield, Marfden, and Saddleworlh, to Auster lands, in the West Riding of the County of York; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Austerlands, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, Merchants, Feuers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Dumbarton upon Clyde; and also,

A Petition of the Magistrages, Town Council, Merchants, Feuers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Greenock upon Clyde;,

Were severally presented to the Eloufe, and read; alleging, That if the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the River Clyde, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells, should pass into a Law, as it now Hands, it will be highly injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Debate upon the Motion made upon Friday lait, that the ingrossed Bill for the more effectually Manning of his Majesty’s Navy, and for preventing Desertion from the same; as also for the Relief and Encouragement of Seamen, and others, belonging to Ships or Vessels in the Merchants Service; do pass; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Motion.

And the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the several Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Wakefield

to

Auflerlandi

K.O&J.

Navigation.

Ditto.

Manning the Navy.

Licence* for felling Gold, &c. Wares.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply Bill; An ingrossed Billfor amending, widening, andkeeping to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Annuities in Repair, the Road from the hollow Way, on the West upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of

Poundage

3 2 Geo. II.

'27

o*

-28* Ma

5i7

Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom, and an additional inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate; and for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy and additional inland Duty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, for allowing to the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, upon all Paper, which shall be used in the printing of any Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern Languages, in the Presses belonging to either of the said Universities, a Drawback of so much Money as shall from time to time be paid for the Duties granted by any former Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever, in such manner as is prescribed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame, and upon chequered and striped Linens, imported, and upon certain Silks, Caliicoes, Linens and Stuffs, printed, painted, orftained, and upon several Kinds of damped Vellum, Parchment; and Paper, and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Advertisements, for raising the Sum of Eighteen hundred thou fund Pounds by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty s Supply; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing her Majesty’s Duties to ariie in the Office for the Stamp Duties, by Licences for Marriages, and otherwise; and for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due time, or have loft Exchequer Bills or Lottery Tickets; and for borrowing Money upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company) for the Use of the Public.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That. they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleafeto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Hereditaments in the County of Cambridge, Part of the settled Estate of James Barry Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trustees, to be conveyed to Richard Crop Esquire, pursuant to Articles; and for settling other Estates in the County of York, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses of their Marriage Articles: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Marchioness settling the Real and Leasehold Estates of the most ho- Earn^von»s nourable Margaret Brydges, commonly called Marchi- "

oness of Carnarvon, Wife of the most honourable James Brydges, Esquire, commonly Called Marquis of Carnarvon, and late Margaret Nicoll Spinster, an Infant, for the Benefit of the said Marquis and Marchioness, and their Issue; and for applying Part of the personal Estate of the said Marchioness, for the Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for continuing, amending, explaining, andmak- Admeafura-ing more effectual, an Act, made in the 19th Year of ment his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act more ef- of Coals, feftually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles's in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Holboin71 as lies in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second time.-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Medlycott,

Mr. Webb, Mr. Toxvn/hend, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Probyn,

Mr. Oswald, Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Affleck,

Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Amcolts, Sir John G Lynne,

Mr. Pye, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Hewett, Sir Geo. Savile,

Mr. Alexander, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Pole, Mr. Dicker, Mr.

Amy and, Mr. Cartioright, Mr. Trijt, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Edmund Isham,

Mr. Montagu, Sir Ludovick Grant, Mr. Jones, Lord Egmont, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Egerton, Mr. OJbaldefton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 280 die Martii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

Wear

Navigation.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, Gentlemen, Merchants, and other principal Inhabitants of the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for making and completing the Navigation of the River Wear, in the County of Durham, from, and inc\ad\ng, Biddic/ford,to the City of Durham-, and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that the said intended Navigation will be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law, with such Regulations and Provisions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition dolie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Waple and Mr. Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

Importation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act °*fromtlC to permit the free 1 mportation ol Cattle from Ireland for Ireland. a limited Time, without any Amendment: And also, Barry's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Eliaies. vesting the Manor of Duxford, and divers Lands and VOL. 28.

Mr. Bayntun reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the 17th Year of the lleign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Road from Studley Bridge to Chippenham, in the County of Wills; and for amending the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick, in the same County; and to repeal so much of an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road between Chippenham Bridge and Loiver Stanton-, and for amending, widening, and rendering commodious, the said Road; and also the Road from the Sign of the Plough, in the Parish of Kingston St. Michael, to the Turnpike Road at Griltleton; and also the Road from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Sutton Benger, in the said County of Wilts; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

6 U A Clause

Studley

Bridge

Roads.

518 28° Ma

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to retrain the Trustees from turning Part of the Road between Stud ley Bridge and Chippenham, without the Consent of the Owners of the Ground:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put. thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Molvncu*’* -An *nffroffe^ Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marriage for transferring to the Guardians of Charles William Mo-

Settlement, lyneux, an Infant, a certain Power of Leafing contained in the Marriage Settlement of Richard late Lord Viscount Molyneux, deceased,during the Minority, and for the Benefit, of the said Infant, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Charles Townshend of Yarmouth, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. TnomasTownJ-hend. Lord Power].court, Mr. Prowse, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr Burrell, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Roger Nuxvdigate, Mr. Finch, Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Hanger, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Alderman Dickhjon, Sir Ellis CunliJJe, Mr. Bailer. Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hcicelt, General Conway, Mr. Nor they. General Cornwallis, Mr. P/7/, Mr. Onslow, Mr. More, Mr. Olrnius, Mr. J/a/'-///i, Mr. Per, Mr. Symons, Lord Royston, Mr. I/arvey, LordEgmont, Mr. Pe/e, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Palmer, Admiral Tuwnfend, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Morris, Mr. GW, Mr. Anjou, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Henry Grenville, Mr. Peg//, Mr. Amyund, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Smith, Mr. Webb, Mr. Mcdlucott, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Rebow, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Am colts, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Butler, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. liowney, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Warren, Mr. Clcvland, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Gtfge, Sir Jb/w Pennington; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, Durham, Westmoreland, Northumberland, CumbeHand, anti Font: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stretford’s Atr. Fo/ey reported from the Committee, to whom Bridge Road, the Bill for amending and widening the Road leading from Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to 1 he iVew 7/?// in the Parish of Winfianjlow, in the County , ' of Salop-, and also the Road from Mantle

Hall near Mortimer s Cross to Aymejlry, in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Read from Mortimer's Cross to Ay me fry Bridge; was committed; That the Committee luid examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

"^ilcbv Mr. Hcivett reported from the Committee, to whom inclosure. Bte Bill for dividing and inclosing the open arable Fields, open Meadows, and common ’Pasture Grounds, in the Parish of Silcby, in the County of Leicester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of 274 Acres; and that the whole common Felds intended to be inclosed confill of 2,200 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared Ik tore the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

to report to the Ploufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe-vcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reportedfromt.be Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ao^nj[^tteersv granting to His Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom, and an additional inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy and additional inland Duty; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Drawbacks on Papers used in the Universities in Scotland, for printing Books in the learned Languages:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Coun- Wear cil, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Ply- Navigation. mouth, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners understand. That a Petition is dependingfor making and completing the River Wear navigable from, and including, Biddickford, to the City of Durham; and that the Petitioners conceive such Improvement will be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for making and completing the Navigation of the said River Wear from, and including, the said Biddickford, to the said City of Durham, and that the same may pass into a Law, by such Ways and Means, and under such Powers, Regulations, and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem jult and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

A Bill to continue, amend, explain, and render more Laihge, &c. effectual, an Acit, made in the Sixth Y'ear of the Reign in the of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of La ft- Thames* age and Ballastage in the River Thames; and for the more effectual preventing the putting of Rubbish, Earth,

Sand, Allies, Filth, Dirt, or Soil, into the said River, from any Wharf, Quay, or Bank, adjoining to or near the said River, or from or out of any Barge or Lighter, or being laid in the Streets, Lanes, or Pallages, in London, and the Liberties thereof, or in the Suburbs thereof in Middlesex, or in the City of Wefimi/Jler, or the Liberties thereof, or being l'wept into, or carried down, the Kennels or Channels, in the said Streets, Lanes, or Passages, into the said River; and 1o allow the Shipping of a certain Quantity of Dung, Comport,

Earth, or Soil, from the Layftalls in London; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Kynnfton, Mr. Prcxvfe, Sir Geo. Savile,

Mr. Staunton, Mr. Lett is, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Wilkinjbn,

Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Plumtre, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Probyn, Sir William Rowley, Mr.

Berkeley, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Townshend, Lord North,

Mr. Mo lyneux. Lord Cary sfor t, Mr. Jones, Mr. Vyner,

Mr. Hewett, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Pole, Mr. Gere, Mr.

Smith, Mr. West, Mr. Mabbot, Mr. While, Mr. Alar tin,

Mr. Lcgh, Mr. Thoroion, General Cornwallis, Mr. An-

Jon*

3 2 Geo. II. a 28°- — 29°

fn, Sir Percy Brett, Mr. J/tf/v, Sir' Francis Poole, Mr. P//', Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Rebate, Alderman Totemf end, Mr. Hammond, N*:\ Cache, Mr. Henry Grenville, Mr. /-re, Mr. ^/0/2/f/gw, Mr. Tyner junior, Mr. A my and, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Wilkes\ and all the Members who serve for the Conn I its of Middle fix, E/Tex, AY/?/, and

519

House, to consider further Q) Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow. Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1/ ’ v y /

Surrey; and for the City of London; and the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, Cumberland, and York; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

EncoiiTagrment \ Bill to explain and amend the Act, of the 29th Year 0 eamen. cp ^js pre(*eut Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy, was read a Second time.

Refdved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply. T|ie Order of the Day being rend, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The House was moved, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of what may be the Charge of the Militia, upon the Plan of the Act, passed in the 30th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces, in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England; and also of the Act , palfed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and enforce, an Act, made it) the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better ordering the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty recommends it to the House to make such Provision for defraying the Charges attending the Militia for the Year 1759, as the House shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which*have been issued by his Majesty \s Orders, pursuant to an Address of this honourable House, for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1759, and which have not been made good by this House, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. ‘Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this Ploufe will, upon Friday Morn-

and Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Vox,. 28.

jfovis, 2 90 die Martii;

Anno 320 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

Praybrs.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barry’s for veiling the Manor of Duxford, and divers Estates. Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Cambridge,

Part of the settled Estate of Jaimes Barry Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trustees, to be conveyed to Richard Cropp Esquire, pursuant to Articles; and for settling other Estates in the County of York, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses of their Marriage Articles; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Stretford’s further Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Bridge Road, whom the Bill for amending arid widening the Road leading from Stretford's Bridge, in the County oiHere* ford, to the New Inn in the Parish of Winftanflow, in the County of Salop; and also the Road from Blue Mantle Hall, near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymeftry, in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymejlry Bridge; was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Waple and Mr.

Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bath to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Roads. Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads leading to the City of Bath; and for amending several other Roads near the said City; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Buckley’s Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Thomas Buckley Estates. Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, for discharging an Incumbrance affefting the fame, prior to his Marriage Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Earl of for exemplifying or enrolling an Indenture of Settle- Arran’s ment, and the Will and Codicils, of the late Earl of Arran, deceased, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, to whom £vertoa the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Mea- inclosure. dows, Pastures, common and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Everlon, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Edward Fklr lard, Yeoman, One of the Freeholders of Lands situate in the Parilli of Everton, in the County of Nottingham, on behalf of himself and John Drew, of West Stock-with, Edward Fuhvard, Labourer, Nicholas Whit acres,

John Flower of Scrooby, Jonathan Booth, John Wilkin-fan, John Hurst, Richard Kirby, Edward Matthews,

George

510 290 Martii. r 1759.

George Ogle, Henrifon, James Tomlinson, George Ordered, That Mr. Charlloji do carry the Bill to the Bingliam, Joseph WiIk inf on, James Winkle, Charles Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Bayley, William Fisher, Israel Nicholson, Thomas Anely,

John Mallcndor, William Laughton junior, George Mr. Bicker reported from the Committee, to whom Plymouth Richards, John Gandy, Robert Kitching, John Woodhead, the Petition of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Guardians Poor* Thomas Raynes, Thomas Stephen, Frances Baynes, John of the Poor, of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Windle, Thomas Swannack, William Morns, Elizabetfi Devon 5 and also the Petition of the Land-owners and Wilson, John Moorhouse, John Cusworth, and Rebecca principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Mallendar, and several others. Freeholders, Lease- Plymouth, in the County of Devon, Payers to the Poor in holders, Tenants, and Occupiers of Freehold Messuages, the said Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; Cottages, Tofts, and other Inhabitants, of the Townlliips were severally referred; That the Committee had exa-of Evertvn and Harwell, in the County aforesaid; and mined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had also the Petition of the Impropriator of the great Tythes di reded him to report the fame, as they appeared to in the Parish of Everton, in the County of Nottingham, them, to the House; and he read the Report in hisPlace; and of several Freeholders, and Persons interested in a and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: certain Common called Everton Common, and in the Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. open arable Fields, opeu Meadows, Pastures, and waste To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Grounds, in the Townships of Everton and Harivell, in Petition, '

the said Parish; were severally referred; That the Several Parts of an Act of Parliament, made in the Committee had heard the Petitioner Edward Fullard 6th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen A?me, by his Counsel; and that the Committee had examined for erecting a Workhause in the Town and Borough of the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the

true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of 70 Acres and one Rood of the said open arable Land and Meadow Ground, and of Ten Messuages, Cottages, or Toftsteads, who refused to sign the Bill; and the Proprietors of 66 Acres and Two Rood$ of the said Lands, and of Five Messuages, Cottages, or Toftsteads, who refused to sign the Bill, but said they would not oppose the fame; and also the Proprietors of Three Acres of the said Lands, who could not be found; and that the whole of the said open arable Lands and Meadow Grounds, intended to be inclosed, is about 1,124 Acres and pne Rood; and that the Owners of 74 Messuages, Cottages, or Toftsteads, have Right of Common upon Everton Common aforesaid; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a Annuities Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Mer-and chandizes to be imported into this Kingdom, and an 0 er^‘ additional inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate; and for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy and additional inland Duty; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom, and an additional inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate; and for raising the Sum of Six millions Six hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy and additional inland Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colleaing -An ingrossed Bill for the more regular and easy of collecting, accounting for, and paying of, Post Fines Pott Fines, which shall be due to the Crown, or to Grantees thereof under the Crown, and for the Ease of Sheriffs in respect to the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the more regular and easy collecting, accounting for, and paying of, Post Fines which shall be due to the Crown, or to Grantees thereof under the Crown, and for the Ease of Sheriffs in respect; to the fame.

Poor on Work, and maintaining them there, were read; whereby it appeared, that several Persons therein particularly mentioned, were incorporated by the Name of the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and were to have a perpetual Succession, with Power to purchase Lands, 8(c. in Trust, for the Use of the Poor o {Plymouth, under such Rules and Directions as in the said Act is expressed; with Power to ascertain what Sum of Money /hould be proper to erect Hospitals, Workhouses, and Houses of Correction, and to assess the same upon the Occupiers of Lands and Estates within the said Town, and Liberties thereof, in equal Proportions, so as such Assessment Ihoiild not exceed the Poor’s Rate for the Year 1702, which amounted in that Year to the Sum of £.672. 15s. 3 d. as appeared by the Record Book of the Workhouse at Plymouth, produced to your Committee by Mr. Thomas Coale, who said, that the same Sum, or thereabouts, had been annually assessed for the Relief of the Poor.

And Mr. Coale said, That of late Years the Poor of Plymouth are much more numerous, and the Expence of maintaining them much greater, than heretofore.

And he produced to your Committee an Account of the whole Receipts of Monies for the Maintenance of the Poor aforesaid, from the Year 1753 to the Year 1758, both inclusive, and also of the Diiburlements during the same time; and it appeared, that the Disbursements had exceeded the Receipts, during that Period, upon an Average, £.323. 18s. g^d. per Annum.

And Mr. Coale further laid, That ’tis necessary to amend the said Act in several respects, particularly as to the Methods of holding Courts, and the Election of Officers, which at present are very inconvenient; and also to compel the Payment of the Rates assessed upon Persons who are Lodgers, and who carry on considerable Trades within the Town, and also to oblige the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor to account, within a limited Time, to the Treasurer of the said Corporation, for the Monies by them received for the Use of the Poor.

Then Part of an Act, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was read, by which Act the Matters of Vessels bound to Ireland and the Isles of Man, Guernsey, Jersey, or SciUy, are obliged to take on board their respective Ships or Vessels no more than One Vagrant for every aoTons Burthen of such Ships or Vessels.

And the said Mr. Coale further said, That the Vessels in general bound from Plymouth to the Places aforesaid, being mostly of small Tonnage, several Persons, whose legal Settlements happen to be at any of the said Places, are necessarily detained a long time in Plymouth, to the great Charge of the said Corporation; and to this inuft be added the Very great Expence that this Corporation is daily put to in maintaining the great Numbers of Poor, being the Wives and Children of Seamen and Soldiers, who resort to the said Town, with their Husbands and Parents, from different Parts of Great Britain and Ireland, 17 and

Earl of Arran’s

Will.

Supply.

32 Geo. II. 290 Martii. 521

and who are frequently ^ft (when their Hufoands or Pa- Service of the Militia, pursuant to an Address of this rents are sent abroad in Ins Majesty’s Service) in the ut- House, of the 29th of November last, to his Majesty, moll Distress, and who mull be relieved and passed away that he would be graciously pleased to give Directions to their legal Settlements at the Expence of the said for the issuing, till further Provision could be made in Guardians of the Poor, to the great Diminution of the Parliament for that Purpose, such Money as should be Revenue of the said Guardians; for it appeared by an Or- found necessary for the Pay and Cloathing of the M ilitia der made by the Justices, at the Quarter Sessions of the for the Year 1759, and promising to make the fame* P«ace held for the County of Devon the 12th Day of good to his Majesty.

July 1 757, that the Expences heretofore allowed out of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the County Hates, for removing of Vagrants, had of That the further Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds be late Years been with-held from the Town of Plymouth. granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Governors

And, to prove the Allegations of the other Petition, and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Henry Tolcher Esquire, being examined, said, That Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to the Rates for the Land Tax having usually been assessed* receive all such Children, under a certain Age to be by and collected rather higher than the Quota required on them limited, as shall be brought to the said Hospital the Land-owners and Inhabitants of the said Town, before the ill Day of January 1760; and also towards from time to time, in order to prevent any Deficiencies; enabling them to maintain and educate such Children as and that, by reason thereof, there now remains several are now under their Care; and to continue to carry into Sums of Surplus Money in the Hands of private Persons, Execution the good Purposes for which they were whidh were collected before the Year 1747: incorporated; and that the said Sum be issued and paid

That the said Persons are ready and willing to pay for the Use of the said Hospital, without Fee or Reward, the fame, if they'could have proper Discharges: or any Deduction whatsoever.

That if the said Corporation were impowered to give The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second fuel) Discharges, and to apply such Monies towards the time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Discharge of the Money borrowed for the Relief and argeed to by the House.

Maintenance of the Poor, it would be a great Ease and

Benefit to the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, An Act, passed in the Sixth Year of t lie Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for eretlinga Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on work, and maintaining them there; and for oMiging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon; and for applying, for the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse, certain Surplus Monies which have formerly arisen by the Assessments for raising the Land l ax in the said Town: And that Mr. Dicker, Sir Richard Lloyd, and the Lord Barrington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An for exemplifying or inrolling an Indenture of

Set I ment and the Will and Codicils of the late Earl of Arran, deceased.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. t. L. 5. Leave out " Freeholder

At the End of the Title, add " and making the same " Evidence as well in Ireland as in Great Britain."

And a Witness was called in; and, at the Bar, produced the original Settlement referred to in the Bill.

And then he withdrew.

And Part of the said Settlement was read.

Then the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sura, not exceeding Ninety thousand Pounds^ be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing for the Militia, from the 31st Day of December 1758 to the 25th Day of March 1760; and for repaying to . his Majesty the Sum of One thousand Three hundred and Thirty-two Pounds Ten Shillings, advanced by his Majesty for the

Vol. 28.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 9th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the several Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

-( Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

' Mr. Hope Weir took the Chair of the Committee.: Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hope Weir reported from the Committee, That they had gone though the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. 1

Ordered, That the Lord Register of Scotland have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the real and Leasehold Estates of the most Jionour-abl ^Margaret Brydges, commorilycalled Marchionefsof Carnarvon, Wife of the most honourable James Brydges Esquire,commonly called MarquisofCVznzzn’ww, and late Margaret Nicoll Spinster, an Infant, for the Benefit of the said Marquis and Marchioness, and their Issue; and for applying Part of the personal Estate of the said Mar-6 R chionefa

Foundling

Hospital.

T urnpike

Roads in Scotland

Licences for felling Gold, &c. Wares.

Turnpike

Roads in Scotland.

Marchioneft

of

Carnarvon’s

Eilaies.

V

522 2 9° — 3 °° Marti*.

A. 1759.

chioness for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Ilefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning’, Nine of the Clock,

Veneris, 30° die Martii;

Anno 320 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1759.

Prayers,

Mold QIR Lynch Salisbury Cotton reported from the Com-<? mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widen-

Road* ing the Roads from the Town of Mold, to the Town of Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-y-cafn and Conway; and from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin, Denbigh, and to the Town and Port of Ruth-land, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one* and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wereagreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Turnpike Mr. Hope Weir, according to Order, reported from '? the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for 00 n ’ the better Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

JJouth Mr. Probyn reported from the Committee, to whom Rood8 the Bill for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of South Mailing, near the Town of Lewes, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence through Firle Street, under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfrifton, in the County of Sussex, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegation jf the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee hadgone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then'a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed tp by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Waple and Mr. Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

Smwdwater The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Navigation, to amend and explain an Act, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act format ai

ing navigable the River Stroud Water, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framt-load, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Hill’s enable Arthur Hill Esquire, and Arthur his Son, and their Name.

Jffue Male, to take the Name and Arms of Trevor: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing the com- Harmfton mon Fields and common Grounds of and in the Manor Inclosure. and Parish of Harmfton, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields and coipmon Grounds of and in the Manor and Parish of Harmfton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging and altering several Crickley Hill Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Roa<k Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of Northleach, Burford, and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladen, to Camps field, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham,

Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass :♦ And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging and altering several Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of Northleach, Burford, and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladen, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Two Peniei Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which shall be Scoti. brewed for Sale> brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburg, for finishing a Bridge cross the River Tweed; and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburg, for linishing a Bridge cross the River Tweed; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Veitch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Wetherby High Road leading from Wetherby to Grajfington, in to the County of York, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 39. L. 33. To leave out w or to raise Money on c< the Credit of the said Tolls by such other Ways and Means as to them the said Trustees, or any Seven or " more of them, at any public Meeting, shall appear " mofteffectualforanswering the Purposes of this Act:"

L. 39. To leave out " or other Security or " Securities."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

severally

32 Geo. II. 30° Martii. 5 23

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

BeJ'olved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from Wetherby to Grqffmgton, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Loughbon^h An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several lndoiurc. open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Loughborough, iuthe County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Derby, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the &c. Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, to the Town R°acts. of Uttoxeter, and from thence to the Town of Newcastle

under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Venables Vernon, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Gorey M r. Kynaston, Mr. Curzon, M r. Townshend, M r. Charlton, Mr. Pitt, Lord George Cavendish, Mr.xThornton, Lord Powerfcourt, Mr. Foley, Lord Digby, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Probyn, Sir John Philipps, Mr. More, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lexvis, Mr. Symons, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. White, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Vyner junior, Mr. Poxvell, Sir Nicholas Baily, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Crofter, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Wrighte, Sir Geo. Yonge, Mr. Offiey, Sir William Irby, Col. A'Court, Sir Lynch Cotton, Lord John Cavendish, Sir Thomas Palmer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Stafford, Derby, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Expiring An ingrossed Bill to continue so much of an Act Law*. made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; and to appropriate certain Penalties mentioned in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the making of Bread, and regulating the Price and Assize thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue so much of an Act, made in the 19 th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of the Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; and to appropriate certain Penalties mentioned in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Duchess of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Buckingham- for raising Money out of the personal Estate of the late shire,» Estate. Duchess oltBuckinghamshireand Normanby, deceased, to renew a Lease of certain Manors and Estates in the County of York, in the Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harvey, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lexvis, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Bacon,\jovd

Vol. 28.

Digby, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Hanger, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Buller, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Shelley, Col.

Brudenell, Mr. Rowney, Lord Verney, Mr. Berkeley, Mr.

White, Mr. Morton, Mr. Watson, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Honeyzvood, Mr.

Hill, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Thomas Palmer presented to the House, according Desford to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Desford, in the County of Leicester, and the Lands and Grounds therein, and also such Lands in the Lordship of Peckleton, in the said County, as lie open to the said Fields: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been acquainted with the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Dicker presented to the House, according to Or- Plymouth der, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Poor, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there; and for obligingtbe Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon, and for applying, for the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse, certain Surplus Monies, which have formerly a'risen by the Assessments for raising the Land Tax in the said Town:

And the some was received; and read the First* time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Law

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon respecting the Bill to explain, amend, and render effectual, so much *orfe Raccs-of an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to restrain and prevent the exceffiv,e Increase of Horse Races, and for amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for the more effectual preventing of excefljve and deceitful Gaming; as relates to the Increase of Horse Races, and so far as the same is now in Force:

A Motion was made; and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinaries incurred Anno 1758, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleafeto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved,

Wayj and Moana.

Htir«

Name.

Buckley’s

Eiiates.

Thiftlcton

Inclosure.

Marchioness

of

Carnarvon’s E Hates.

524

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton have Leave to make a Motion, it being,after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Arthur Hill Esquire, and Arthur his Son, and their Issue Male, to take the Name and Arms of Trevor, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, N ine of the Clock.

30° Martii — a°

A. 1759.

Luna, 2* die Aprilis'j Anno 32* Georgii IF" Regis, 1759. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Thomas Buckley Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, for discharging an Incumbrance affecting the fame, prior to his Marriage Settlement, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bridgman reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Meadows, common Pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Manor of Thifile ton, in the County of Rutland, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in attheClerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the real and Leasehold Estates of the Moil honourable Margaret Brydges, commonly called Mar-chioness of Carnarvon, Wife of the Most honourable James Brydges Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Carnarvon, and late Margaret 2V?a?//Spinfler, an Infant, for the Benefit of the said Marquis and Marchioness, and their Issue; and for applying Part of the personal Estate of the said Marchioness for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

BefolvedyThat the Bill be committed to Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. James Brudenell, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Robert Brudenelly Sir John Elwelly Mr. Finch, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Burrard, Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Trifi, Mr. Wefifaling, Mr. Ridley, Lord Carysforly Mr. Thornton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Campbell, Nix.Pitt, Sir William BeauchampProRor, Mr. Hilly Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Affleck, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mcdlycotty Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bold, Lord Vernexj, Mr. Molyncu x, Mr. Lee, Mr. Plummer ^Ax. Grenville, Mr. Hume, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Afore, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Amy and, Mr. GtdJion,'hAx.Kynaston, S\x Lynch Cotton, Mr. Alexander, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Fe Howes, Sir

John Gordon, Mr. T/iorofon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Proitfe, Mr. Lcgh, Mr. Norton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Southampton, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attendingthis House, do go with the Mace into the Speakers Chambers, and the Rooms adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of this House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Pastures, common and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ever Ion, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Pastures, common and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Everton, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open arable Fields, open Meadows, and common Pasture Grounds, in the Parish of Sileby, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open arable Fields, open Meadows, and common Pasture Grounds, in the Parish of Sileby, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett, and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parishesof Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, and the Parish of Colne, in the County of Hun-tingdon, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement, for the inclosing and dividing certain Commons or Waste Grounds, called Redness and Swine-fleet Pastures, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Bucks, Northampton, Salop, and Stafford, devised by the Will of Evelyn late Duke of Kingston, in the present Duke of Kingston, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Nottingham, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex and Liberty of Westminster, assembled in Vestry, and also of several other Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read;reciting, That the Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for more effectuaily preventing he Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lan-cq/lei adjoining thereto, and the several Parishesof Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary Le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holbourn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, has been continued by several Acts of

Parlia-

Members

summoned.

Everton

Inclosure.

Silebf

Inclosurt*

Somersham

and

Pidley

Drainage.

Redness

and

Swinefleet

Inclosure.

Duke of Kingston’i Estates.

Committees.

Admeasure-meat of Coals.

Tiaft

Gotham

Incloiurc.

Bolton

upon

Dcarnc

inclosure.

Modbury,

See.

Road.

31 Geo. IL i° j4prilis: 5^5

ment until the 24th Day of June 1759; and taking Notice, that a Bill is now depending for continuing* amending, explaining, and making more effectual, the said Act, and alleging, that, in case it shall be thought roper to continue the said Act, the Petitioners hope, that rovision may be made in the Bill now depending, that they may not be compelled to pay the Sum of Four Pence a Chaldron for the Adraeafurement of their Coals, except in such Cases only where the Buyer of the Coals shall require the Care and Attendance of a Coal Meter: And thereforepraying the HousetotakethePremifesinto their Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or their Counfel,before the Commit-teeto whom the said Bill is committed, in Support oft heir Petition, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields in the Manor of EaJ Cotham, in the County of York, and extinguidling the Right of Warren of the Lord of the said Manor, in Part of a Tract of Ground called the Sea Batts or Coney Warren, in Eafi Cotham aforesaid, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satlsfaction of the Committee; except Four Persons, who are possessed of Fourteen Acres in the said common Fields, and also of Three Cottages, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the said common Fields consist of 400 Acres, and that the Number of Cottages are about 64; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read, the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Savile prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, Meadows, common Pastures, and waste Grounds, in the Parish or Township of Bolton upon Deame, in the County of York; And the same was received; and read the FiHt time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Alderman Baker reported frorri the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening she Road from Modbu?y, through the Church Town of Yelmpton, and the East End of Brixton Church Town, and through the Town of Plymton and the Village of Underwood, to the North End of Lincotta Lane, in the County of Devon, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. a8.

Ordered, That the proper Officer Or Officers do forth-with lay before this House, a Copy of the Commissiori sh?ps at issued to the Commanders of private Ships of War, in Was. Obedience to art Ad of the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the morefpeedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s Navy; as also Copies of the Bail and

Security Bonds usually taken from the Owner or Owners* of such Ships, on granting such Commissions, together -with Copies of all such Infirudions, Regulations, and Orders as by Authority of the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time being, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of the said Lord High Admiral, and by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, are delivered to the Commanders of such private Ships of War for their Government, in making War against the Enemy, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act.

Mr.Elliot reported from the Committee, to whom the . Clyde

Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to Nav,fiarioiL the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City to the Village of Gorbells, was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, Merchants,

Fewers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Dumbarton upon Clyde; and also the Petition of the Magistrates, TownCouncil, Merchants, Feuers, and other Inhabitants, of the Townof Greenock upon Clyde; which were severally referred to the said Committee; and had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plape; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout i and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qiieflion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Breedoif; the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and commori Fields of Breedon, Tonge, and Wilson, in the Manor of n orc‘ Breeden, and County of Leicester, and certain common-able and walle Grounds within the respective Liberties thereof, was committed. That-the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except William Tomlinson, Samuel Frearfon, John James, and Samuel Turner, who are possessed of Three Cottages, and about Five Acres of Land only; and that the whole Lands, intended to be inclosed, confill of about 1,630 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Birry's for veiling the Manor of Duxford, and divers Lands Efatei, and Hereditaments in the County of Cambridge, Part of the settled Estate of James Barry, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trustees, to be conveyed to Richard Crop, Esquire, pursuant to Articles; add for fettiing other Estates, in the County of York, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses of their Marriage Articles; was read a Second time.

6 S Resolved,

Turnpike Roads in Scotland.

Levant

Trade.

Debtors.

&C.

‘in the 1 Thames.

apply.

t' 1

2° Jprilis.

A. 1759.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. Montgomery Metham, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Medlycott,%\r William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Symons, Sir Geo. Yonge, Mir. Trift, Sir William Codring-ton, Mr. Affleck, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Pitt, Sir William Peetc Williams, Mr. Mare, Mr. Leiois, Mr. Ameotts, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Tawn/hend, Mr. Gore,'Mr. Foley, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Tito-TQton, Mr. Calthorpe, ;Mr. Palmer, Mr. Yorke, Mr. jfi(melt, Sir Frauds Poole, Mr. Moore, Sir Piercy Brett, Mr i Fuller, Lord Itegifter-of Scotland, Mr. Thornton, the Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. Bold, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bacon, Mr, Crafter, Mr. Alderman Dicktnfin^ Mr. Olmius, Mr. Plumplre, Mr. Charlton; and aJJ the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, York, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An irigrossed Bill for the better Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, was read the Third time.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Hope Weir do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Berkeley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better preventing the Importation Of the Woollen Manufactures of France into any of the Ports in the Levant Sea, by or on the Behalf of any of his Majesty’s Subjects: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refilled^ That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

j Mr. Thornton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Relief of InfoJvent Debtors: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, ame\id, explain, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regula-tipa of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, and for the more effectual preventing the putting of Rubbish, Earth, Sand, Allies, Filth, Dirt, or Soil, into the said River, from any Wharf, Quay, or Bank, adjoining to or near the said River, or from or out of any Barge or Lighter, or being laid in the Streets, Lanes, or Passages, in London and the Liberties thereof, or in the Suburbs 'thereof in Middlesex, or in the City of Wefirninster, or the Liberties thereof,or being swept intoor carried down the Kennels or Channels in the said Streets, Lanes, or Passages, into the said River, and to allow the Shipping ►dfa certain Quantity of Dung, Compost, Earth, or Soil, -from the Layftalls in London; that they have Power to ;receive a Clause or Clauses to prevent Rubbish, Earth, -and Allies, Filth, Dirt, or Soil, being laid in any of the Streets, Lanes, and Raffages, in fuph Part of the Liberty of the Duchy of Lancaficr, as lies in the said County of Middlesex, or being ftvept intoor carried down the Kennels or Channels in the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, \idthin the saidXiberty, into the said River Thames.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the "Chmifcittee, of tbje whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refohitiou which the Committee had directed him to i report tq the JHoqfo; which lie read in his Place; and < afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folfoweth; viz., f Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum>not exceeding Four hundredSixty-sixthoR-it

sand Seven hundred Eighty-five Pounds Ten Shillings and Five pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred in the Year 1758, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolution, being read aSecond time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the IToufe.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to E^0g"g^fDt resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon 0 tamen* the Bill to explain and amend the Act of the 29th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effec-» tually manning his Majesty’s Navy;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Licence* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to for feIIing consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town of Birmingham, in the Coun-ty of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the several Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Supply, fove itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this Hoofe will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the Ibid.Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Way#

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mean#, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money; that have been issued by, and of all Demands that have been made on, any Receiver General of the Land Tax, on or before the 23d of November 1758, by virtue ofany Warrants from the Commissioners of his Majesty’sTreasury, or by any Draughts of any of his Majesty’s Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding, or Place, in pursuance of an Act of the 3 lft Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for applying the Money granted by Parliament towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia for the Year 1758, and for defraying the Expences incurred on account of the Militia in the Year 1757, be referred to the said Comm i ttee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution ;. which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive* the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morraw Morning.

<Mr% Charlton also acquainted the House, That be w^s directed by-the Committee to move* that they may have Lave to fit,again. ,;

Refqlyetf, That thi? Hopfie will, upon Wednesday Mprping qext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whtf e.Hopfe, to consider further of Ways and Meaps fqr ruifipg! the Supply granted to hip j^jesty.

Apd then the tioufe adjourned,tiU Tomorrow

’ Moping, , of the Clock.

32 Geo. II.

3° Aprilis.

Mortis, 30 d;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759.

Plymouth

Poor,

Prayers.

Wear S\RDERED, That Mr. Archer, Lord George Manm Navigation. wen’, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and completing the Navigation of the River Wear, from and including South Biddick or Biddickford, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham; and for repealing so much of an Act, madedn the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear\ and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the CQun- ty of Durham, as relates to making the said River navigable between the saidtTwo Places, called South Biddick or Biddickford and New Bridge, in the County of Durham; is committed.

Sunderland Ordered, That Mr. Archer, Lord George Manners, Port* be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act, made in the ;oth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Prefer-. vation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, as relates to the Port and Haven of Sunderland and the River Wear, between Sovjh Biddick and Biddickford, and the said Port and Haven, is committed.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual. An Act, passed in the 6th Year of the Reign of her Jate Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on Work and maintaining them there *, and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon; and for applying, for the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse, certain Surplus Monies, which have formerly arisen by the Assessments for raising the Land Tax in the said Town 5 was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Dicker, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr Affleck, Mr. Widles, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Symons, Mr. Grafter, Mr. Trift, Mr.

N Calvert, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Geo. Onjlozv, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Cvft, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Elwetl, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Webb, Mr. Amcotis, Mr. Walter, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Peachy, Mr Cooke, Mr. Fellow es,^Ar. Cartwright, Mr. Jennings,. Mr. Clayton, Mr. Fane, Sir John Crofje, Mr Staunton, Sir John Lade, Mr. Bayntun,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr.

Honeywood, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Hammond, Lord Re- . gifter of Scotland, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lewis, Mr. More, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Molyneux; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Burftall Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Indolurc. the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open, common, and arable Fields, Meadows,. Failures, and waste Grounds, within the Manor of Burftall, in the Parish of Belgrave, in the County of Leicester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be t rue j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to‘the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee Jigd gone throughthe Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report tq the ' , House; and he.read the Report in his place; apd after*

wafd? deliveretl the Bill, with the Amendments,' in at the Clerk’s Tuple: Where the Amendments iverfe Once read throughout,; and then a Second tjme, one by one; t£ud, upon the Question severalfy put thereupon, werC agreed to by the House. 1 ' 1

VOL- 28.

5^7

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Wye and inhab\Untso(Loxwo6d, Alford, Bramley, Pultenham, Navigation, and Wonerjh, in the Counties of Surrey and Sifficx, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for extending and continuing the Navigation of the River Wey, otherwise Wye, in the Cotin ty of Surrey, to the Town of Godalming, in the said County; and alleging, that the said intended Navigation will be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Its-.habitants of great Part of the said Counties, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to die Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill? for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon Annuities certain Goods and Merchandizes to he imported into aml ottcry* this Kingdom, and an additional Inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate; and for raising the Sum of Six Millions Six hundred Thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy and additional Inland Duty; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dewfoury for repairing and widening the Road from Dezcsbury to 10 Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York, with-out any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Winchefteiy for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdoivn Gate, 4 &c* in Popham Lane, to the City of Winchester, and from the ^oad* said City, through Hurftcy, to Chandlersfor d \ and from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and . from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the '

County of Southampton, to Longhani Bridge and Win-borne Minster, in the County of Dorfel; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intithled. An Act Idoford, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the &c-Road from the hollow Way, on the West Side of Lord Roa CliffbriTs Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, to a Place called Biddaford, in the County of Devon, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wakefield for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Avjlerlaitds, to in the West Riding of the County of York, without any Road." Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Warburton’s empower William Warburlon, Esquire, to make Leases Leases. of Part of his settled Estate in Malvern Chafe, for Ninety-nine Years, in order foi; the cultivating and improving of the fame: Tp which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to BouvenVs empower the Honourable Edward Bouverie and William Estates.

Bouverie respectively, to make Leases of Chesters Key and Bracers Key, and other Tenements and Buildings, in the City of London, devised by the Wills of Bartholomew Clarke and Hitch Younge, Esquires, deceased: To which the Lords deft re the Concurrence of this IlOufe:

And also,

T|ie Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to en- Pobvn’s >able Robert Dobyns, Esquire, now called Robert Yate, Naniet and his first and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname ;of Yalc^ in pursuance of'‘the Willi) ( iFql/er Ya/e, YJli\\\\re, deceased: To which the Lords delire the Concurrency of this House.

! And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr- Charlton, according to Order, reported from the , Way* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Mean*.

to

Duty On Offices *ftd Pensions,

528 3° Aprilis 17 59.

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the in common CoUrfe tt> the Redeiver General, and by him Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resoluti'On which paid into the Exchequer.

the Committee haddirefted him to report to the House; And, being alked, If he looked, upon Feds and Per-which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in quifites as the same thing ? he said. Yes. at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and And, being alked, If he apprehended Perquisites, that is as followeth; viz. were not in the Table of Fees, were liable to pay tlite

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit- Land Tax? he said. Yes: But that the Commissioners tee, That such Part of the Sum of One hundred thou- of the Land Tax were to regulate, he knew nothing of sand Pounds, granted to his Majesty in the last Session it i — ^-That for all Fees of Office payable in Lord Mac* of Parliament, upon Account, towards defraying the clesfield?s Office, he had retained the Shilling.

Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia for the Year And, being alked, If he had kept a Book for register-1758, and for defraying such Expences as were afttially frig of all Monies paid., hs the Aftdirefts ? he said, That incurred Upon the Account of the Militia in the Year lays in the Auditor’s Office, he could not answer that; 1757,as shall remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, but believes there is such a Book kept: after Satisfaction of the said Charges and ExpCndes, be That they had told the Clerk to the Commissionerscff issued and applied towards raising the Supply granted the Land Tax long ago, what Salaries they had paid; to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament. and that the Commissioners were to call upon them for

The said Resolution, being read a Second time,.was, One Shilling in the Pound on Perquisites — That they upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the had no Fees or Perquisites at the Exchequer but what House. are settled by Act of Parliament.

And the Witness being shewn the Assessment made Mr. Caltherpe reported from the Committee, Who by the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the last Year, were appointed to consider of the Execution of an Act, where Mr. Wray and Mr. Smith, Deputies to Lord passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to Royfton, and the Earl of Waidegrave, appear to be aflef-his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and fed for £. 200 each; he was asked. If he was assessed for Pensions, That the Committee had made some Progress the same Sum ? He said, No: That there were Two in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to Clerks in Lord Macclesfield's Office; and that he was report a State thereof to the House; and he read the the FirftClerk; and that they had each of them a Salary Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at of £. 100 ;and That he supposed was the Reason why the Clerk?s Table; Where the same was read; and is as the Commissioners of the Land Tax had not assessed followeth; viz. him — That his Place was the same ever fmee he ad

The total Amount of the Money retained by virtue known the Exchequer: And, of the said Act in the several Offices mentioned in an Ac- Charles TotvnJJiend, Esquire, Deputy to the honour-eount, dated the 6th of March 1759, and referred to able Thomas Townshend, said, It was the same in Mr, your Committee, appeared to be £.12,526 6 4*; and Townshend's Office.

it appearing by the said Account, that £. 4,649 11 6, Ddniel Wray, Esquire, Deputy to Lord Royfton, being Part of the aforesaid Sum, had been retained in the asked the Question, said. That there were as many Offices belonging to the Four Tellers of his Majesty’s Clerks in his Lordship’s Office as in any of the Offices Exchequer, the Committee proceeded to examine the of the other Tellers; but that he has always been affef-Deputy Tellers, as to the Execution of the said Act in fed, as he is at present, to the Land Tax. their respective Offices: And, Then the said Charles Townshend, Esquire, produced

Frederick Atherton Hindley, Esquire, Deputy to Earl an Account of Money retained in Mr. Townshend's Of-Macclefield, said, That One Shilling in the Pound had fice, in pursuance of the Act of last Session, from the 5th been retained, and paid into the Exchequer, from all of July 1718 to the 45th December following, inclusive, Salaries and Pensions paid in his Lordship’s Office: amounting to the Sum of£. 1,643. 14. 4; and said, that That the Money retained has nothing to do with Lord in their Office* they have nothing to do with any thing Macclesfield's own Salary, except a very small Part; but but Salaries; and that all the Salaries, which they have is what is retained from Money paid to other Persons. paid above £. 10b, are included in the Account which And Mr. Hindley produced to your Committee an heproduced — That the Perquisites are left to be assessed Account of Monies retained in that Office, from 5th by the Commissioners of the Land Tax:

July 1758, to 25th December following, by virtue of the That he did not know of any Increase of Salary in said Act, which appeared to be £. 46. 3. a; and he said their Office; and that there was no Money retained for that was the whole they had retained in their Office; Fees there.

but that no Civil List Money was paid there; and that Daniel Wray, Esquire produced to your Committee he himself had no Salary but Fees of Office, established an Account of Money retained in Lord Royfton's Of-by Act of Parliament. fice, from the 5th of July 1758, to the 25th of Decern-

And, being asked if Lord Macclesfield paid for his- ber following, inclusive, amounting to £. 2,172. 17. 1; Fees, he said, T^at Lordship paid the Debentures, and said, that all Pensions and Salaries, which have been and for hisFees, to the Commissioners of the Land Tax; paid there, are contained in the said Account: and that he believes no Fees have been established in That the Witness does not know whether any Pen-their Office since the Fees settled by Act of Parliament: lions or Fees are increased; that they are paid as they That they have retained nothing but what is mentioned come to the Office, some quarterly, andfome half-yearly; in the account which he had produced: That the Re- and that they pay^fio Money but by Order from the ceiver General of the Land Tax has paid no Money into Treasury, or by Debenture: That the Orders from the the Exchequer on account of the said, Act of last Session: Treasury come to the Auditor, who fends them to any That they keep an Account of the Amount of Fees of the Offices where there is Money: — That he has been in the Exchequer; and he said he apprehended the One Lord Royston's Deputy since the Year 1745 — That he Shilling in the Pound should be paid to the King’s Use: has no Salary, nothing but Clerk’s Fees; and he said, That they only retain One Shilling in the Pound on Sa- that the Teller’s Fees arise by deducting so much per laries and Fees,; — the Perquisites should be assessed by Cent. as is directed by the Table of Fees settled by the the Commissioners of the Land Tax, and should be paid Judges; and that the highest Fees are 3 per Cent. and to the Collectors: — That One Shilling in the Pound is the lowed is. per Hundred Pounds: — That he to be deducted by the Officers from Salaries and Fees keeps the Books of the Office himself; and that all is paid at the Exchequer, and not from Perquisites that expressed in the Account, which he produced, that? re* should be assessed by the Commissioners of the Land Tax, spefts Salaries and Pensions, as in the Books, and paid to the Collectors, and should be paid by them And the Witness said. That all the Money paid in their 17 ‘; Office

32 Geo. II. 3

Office is chargeable with the Six Peny Duty; and that this is the same in the Cofferer’s Office; and that he does not know any Office where theydonottake the SixPeny Duty; but hesaid,hedid not think they were impowered to.take the Shilling Duty for all the Sums they paid.

And, being alked, If they had retained Poundage out of Fees or Perquisites ? he said, No; be apprehended they had no Power to do it, for that belonged to the Commissioners of the Land Tax to assess: — That all the Money retained in their Office, upon Employments and Places, is contained in the Account, and those were all they apprehend liable to pay.

And, being alked, If he knew what Sum was paid to the Earl of Lincoln for Salary and Perquisites? he laid. He knew nothing but by the Debentures as in the Account: That no Fees c#me to them to be taxed, it is all Salary.

Barzvell Smith Esquire, Deputy to Earl W aldgrave, produced to your Committee an Account Of what Money had been retained in his Lordship’s Office, in . pursuance of the Act of last Session, from the 5th of July 1758, to the 25th of December, inclusive, amounting to the Sum of/.786. 16. n; and said, that he had been a Deputy 'Feller almost 40 Years: That he cannot say what Lord Waldgrave's Place is worth; it varies so

CD 7

greatly, that he cannot say what it has been.worth for Seven Years, upon an Average: That the Salary is about _ /.15 a Year; and he added, that it is not possible to say what the Place is worth: ~

That all the Payments made in his Lordship’s Office are in the Account, and a Shilling in the Pound has been retained; and, being alked, he said, that there are a great Number of small Places charged with the Six Peny Duty, not liable to pay the Shilling; for that the whole Civil List pays the Six Peny Duty; and he added, that they don’t detain any thing out of Fees of the Officers of the Exchequer.

Then your Committee proceeded to inquire into the Execution of the said Act in the Pension Officej being One of the Offices mentioned in the said Account referred to your Committee:

And Mr. Benjamin Way, a Clerk belonging to the said Office, attending your Committee, produced an Account of all Sums detained in the said Office, pursuant to the Act passed last Session, granting Rates upon Offices and Pensions for Half a Year, ending the 10th of October 1758, and amounting to the Sum of £. ,528. 9. 6; which Account, he said, contained all the Pensions on the Establishment above 100 a Year, and from which they had retained the Shilling in the Pound; except in Two or Three Instances, where the Pensions had not yet been called for:

That foreign Protestant Churches receive £.500 a Year, which is distributed to several Persons in small Sums, of £. 20 or £.30, and none of them amount to £.100 a. Year: That it is not yet determined whether this Money shall be taxed or not, upon which Account it has not yet been paid; but he said, that this Money has been assessed to the Land Tax:

That there is another Sum of 8,000 and odd Pounds a Year paid to the French Protestant Refugees in England, which has never been charged to the Land Tax;.and therefore the Witness said, he apprehended, they were not chargeable by this Act; That this Sum has been paid without any Deduction; but he is informed, no OnePerson receives100 a Year out of this Money: That £. 800 a year is paid to the Lord Almoner to be distributed to the Poor, and no Peduftion has been made from that Money.

Then a Member present informed your Committee, That the Bishop of Salisbury, as Chancellor of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, received for the Salaries of

Offices and Pensions of the Thirteen poor Knights of Duty on

Windsor upon the royal Foundation £.570. 5 s and that

none of the Persons, to whom the Chancellor distributes an en lon*

that Money, is intitledto^ 100, excepting only the

Salary and Allowance for Stationary Wdres, after the

usual Deductions, which amounts to £. 106. 14: That,

at the Tellers Office, it had been infilled to deduct me

Shilling upon the whole £.570. 5: That the said Bishop

applied to the Lords of the Treasury by Memorial

upon the Subject, which Memorial is (Fill depending.

And, Mr. Way being asked, Whether Pensions were _ not paid to several Persons, which were liable to pay the Six Pence, but not the Shilling ? he said, Yes: That ^Charity Money, and all Money whatsoever, pays the Six Pences; and the Witness added, that he knew of no other Payments in their Office, except those he had mentioned, but what were under £. 100 a Year.

Your Committee proceeded to inquire how the said Act had been executed by the Commissioners of the Land Tax, acting for Offices executed in Westminster Hall, who are directed to assess "311 Perquisites of Offices:

And Mr. John Feary, attending your Committee, said, That he was Clerk to the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the City and Liberty of Westminster, acting for Offices executed in Westminster Hall: — That the Commissioners met early in July last; but that they made no Assessment then, because they could not tell what Stoppages had been made for Salaries upon the several Offices; for, the Commissioners being only impowered to assess for Perquisites of Offices, they could not know what the Perquisites were till a Deduction was made of Salaries; and they could not learn what the Salaries were, and what Stoppages had been made from them, till February, and as soon as they knew it they made an Assessment upon Perquisites.

And he produced the said Assessment upon Perquisites for the Offices of the Exchequer and King’s Bench, for the Year 1748; by which it appeared, that the whole Money, assessed for Perquisites, amounted only to £. 566. 4 s. and he also produced the Assessment to the Land Tax for the Year 1757.

And he said, That the Chancellor of the Exchequer is charged nothing for Perquisites, his Salary paid at the Exchequer, as certified from the Auditor’s Office, exceeding the Charge upon his Office to the Land Tax for the Year 1757:

That the Auditor of the Exchequer is charged in the Year 1757 to the Land Tax for £. 1,600; and by the Certificate the Witness received from the Exchequerthey had retained the Shilling in the Pound from 3,765, so that the Commissioners charged nothing for Perquisites:

That Peter JLeheup Esquire, Comptroller of the Exchequer Bill Office, is charged to the Land Tax in 1757 at £.120; and that the Witness was certified by an Officer acting under Mr. Leheup, that they had retained One Shilling in the Pound from £. 350; so that no Assessment was made for Perquisites — For wherever it appeared, by the Certificates, thatthe One Shilling in the Pound had been retained from particular Officers for as large or larger Sums than such Officers stood charged with to the Land Tax for the Year 1757, the Commissioners had made no Assessment for Perquisites in any of those Cafes; of which he mentioned the following Instances: -

Vol. 28.

6 T Assessed

3* Aprilis

A. 1759.

SiO

Duty on Offices

2nd Pensiona

Sir Thomas Parker, Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer

Sir Sidney Stafford Smyth,') ....

Sir Richard Adams, > Barons of the Court of Exchequer

Heneage Legge Esquire, J t v -

John Tracey Atkins Esquire, Curfitor Baron - -

Robert Herbert Esquire, Surveyor General -

Sir Robert Henley, Lord Keeper of the Great Seal

Duke of Chandois, Clerk of the Hanaper -

John Shelley Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -D9.....Keeper of the Records in the Tower

Lord Mansfield, Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench

Sir Eardtey Wilmot, ] ....

Sir Thomas Denison,\5\\K\ces of the Court of King’s Bench Sir Michael Forfler,) -

Sir John Willes, Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas D\ - - - Chief Justice of the Treasury Office -

William Noel Esquire, Justice of the Court of Common Pleas *-D°.....Chief Justice of Chester -

Henry Bathurst Esquire, Justice of the Court of Common Pleas Sir Edward Clive, Justice of the Court of Common Pleas Lord Kinnoul, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster -Wentworth Odiarne Esquire, Serjeant at Arms -D* -.....- Housekeeper of the House of Commons

Assessed to the Land Tax in 1757, at

- £. 1,40a

900

900

900

150

3°°

- 2,500

300

Deduction at the Exchequer for Salary, in 1758, upon

£. 2,000

1.500

1.500

1.500 264

1,000

2.500 31000

3°o

3°

1,400

200

33°

2,800

9°o

9°°

900

757

4,000

i,5°o

1,500

i,5°o

QOO

300

1,600

2,000

100

10

1,200

9°°

qoo

5°o

no

2,230

I>5°°

1.500

1.500

160

And, being asked, Whether any Money had been paid in pursuance of the Assessment which the Commissioilefs had made ? he said, He did not know: That the Collectors had received their Books some time — That he believed no Payments had been made; for that the Collectors did not receive their Books, till after the Time appointed by the Act for the Payment of the Money to the Receiver General.

Sir Thomas Harrison, Receiver General of the Land Tax for tlieCity of London land Westminster, and County of Middlesex, informed your Committee, That he was appointed, by the Lords of the Treasury, Receiver General of the Land Tax upon Perquisites of Offices; and he produced his Appointment, which appeared to be dated the 27th Dav of September 1758; and, being aiked, if he had received any Schedules or Duplicates from the Commissioners of the Land Tax of any Monies assessed by them upon Perquisites of Offices, in pursuance of the Act* of Ml Session of Parliament ? he said, to the bell of his Memory, He had received none; That he had received forrte Money in pursuance of that Act; and he produced an Account, by which it appeared that he had received, for the Custom House and , £. s. d.

Tower Ward, the Sum. of - - 46 15 6

And that he had plaid into the Exchequer the Sum of - - - - -. 40 13 —

And that the Balance remaining in:his

Hands was - - - 626

And Sir Thomas Harrison said. That he did not know but more Money might be assessed for Westminster; for it is always late when the Commissioners for Westminster return their Duplicates, as they always wait for Appeals: That the Return for the Land Tax for the City of London, for the Year 1757, was made the 5th of December 1758; and that the Collectors often pay in Money before the Duplicates are returned; and the Witness said he had received no Money assessed for Perquisites 1 from! she Excise Office.

Mr. Rowland Simmons, an Officer belonging to the

17

King’s Remembrancer’s Office of the Exchequer, informed your Committee, That no Duplicates of Schedules of any Assessments, made by the Commissioners of the Land Tax on Perquisites of Offices, in pursuance of an Act of last Session of Parliament, had been returned into the King’s Remembrancer’s Office, as by the said Act is directed.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Samuel Martin presented to the House, pur- Drummonds suant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Book, containing a Certificate from the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland, to the Barons of the C3urt of Exchequer in Scotland, relating to the Estate forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of John Drummond, taking upon himself the Stile or Title of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking on himself the Title of Duke of Perth; together with a Schedule of the Claims sustained upon the said Estate.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst; the other Papers of this Session.


A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Weir Council, of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lin- Navigation. coin, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for making the River Wear nav igable, from, and including, Biddickford, to the City of Durham; which the Petitioners believe will be of great Advantage to the Trade Of that Borough, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and completing the Navigation of the River Wear, from and including South Biddick or Biddickford, in the County of Durham,to the City of Durham; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

intituled.

1

j

Si tv r ford’s Bridge Rua<J.

.Meld,

&c.

Roads.

Desft rd Inclcfure.

Ki:kby

Kendal

Road.

32 Geo. II. 30 Ap551

intituled, Ah A6fc for the better Preservation and Im- and from t\\eT o\vx\ of Millthrop zfo\'efo\& to Hangbridge, provement of the River Wear and Port and Haven of and from thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road Sunderland, in the County of Durham, as relates to at the Guide Post near Claivthrop Halt, in the County Making the said River navigable between the said Two »aforesaid, was read a Second time.

Places, called South Biddick or Biddickford and New Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir James

Bridge, in the County of Durham; is committed. Iwxvther, Mr. More, Sir John Cust, Mr. Moore, Sir Roger

Ordered, That all Petitions, which have been pro- Newdigate, Mr. -5j/wowj-, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cot ton, fented to the House in this Session, in Favour of the Trijt, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fuller, Lord Verney, Mr. Am-said Bill, be referred to the said Committee. colts, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Grenville, Mr.

Hammond, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Bowes, Sir An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the William Peere Williams, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cooke, Road leading from Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Pern/ Hereford, to the Acre Inn, in the Parish of Wivjtanfow, Mr. Anson, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Amy and, Sir Edmund in the County of Salop; and also the Road from Blue Isham, Mr. Bidler, Mr. JLewis, Mr, Rowney, Mr. Pole, Mantle Hall, near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymrfhy, in Mr. Felloxves, Mr. Mr. Butler,

the said County of Hertford; and for repealing so much Mr. Thornton, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Nugent, of an Act., made in the Second Year of the Licign of Mr. Morgan, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Plumptre\ and all the his pres*‘nt Majesty, as relates to the Road from Mar- Members who serve for the Counties of Westmoreland, timer's CroJ’s to Aymt flry Bridge; was read the Thi rd tirpe. Cumberland, Northumberland, Durham, York, and Lan-

Rejhived. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening the Road leading from Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the New Inn in the Parish of WinJlanflow, in the County of Salop; and also the Road from Blue Mantle Iiall, near Morlimer's Cross. to Aymefivy, in the said County of Hereford-, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Mortimer s Cross to Aymefiry Bridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Towno(Mold, to the Towuof Dhibigh, and from thence to Tal-y-Cafn and Comvay; and from the Town of Wrexham to the d owns of Ruthin, Denbigh, and to the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon; was rc.ad the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Mold, to the Town of Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-y-Cafn and Comvay; and from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin, Denbigh, and to the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon.

Ordered, That Sir Lynch Salisbury Cot I on do carry the Eiil to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Pill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Desford, in the County of LeiceJ'ier, and the Lands and Grounds therein, and also such Lands in the Lordship of Pcc/r/c/e??, in the said County, as lie open to the said Fields, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Amcotis, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lee, Mr. Prowfc, Mr. Gajhry, Mr Probyn, Mr. Callhorpe, Mr. Fuller, Mr. f.ii/ler, NL\\ Trift, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Symons, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Honeywood, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mcdlycott, Mr. Smith, Mr. Foley, Mr. Martin, Mr. Bagot, Mr. More, Mr. Roxvney, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Montague, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Bold, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Pole, Sir John CvJ'l, Mr. Moore, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fellowcs, Mr. Walter, Mr. Thurjby, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Cornewall, Sir Geo. Sari lie, Mr. Grenville, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wrighte, Sir Willoughby Aston; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Northampton, Nottingham, and Wanvick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, te Roads from the Town of Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, by Sizerghfellfide, to Levens Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of Millthrop, to Dixes, V01. 28.

caster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into General Consideration the Report from the Committee of the c

whole House, to whom the Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Three several Acts, of the 26th, 28th, and 30th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Molion was made; and the Question being put.

That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. George Onslow reported from the Committee, Guildford to whom the Bill for establishing, regulating, and main- Streets, taining, a nightly Watch, and for enlightening the open Places and Streets, within the Town of Guildford, in the County of Surr'ey, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the Floufe accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Long have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower the honourable Edward Bouverie, and tci William Bouverie, respectively, to make Leases of Chef ter'* s Key and Brezver*s Key, and other Tenements and Buildings, in the City of London, devised by the Wills of Bar tholomew Clarke and Hitch Younge Esqyives, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And

Warburton’s

JLeales.

Suffolk Wi it.

Slapton

fnclofui'e.

Oadby

Incloiurc.

Norton

Falgate

Paving,

&c.

532

3° — 4°

A, 1759.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 4.0 die Aprilis;

Anno 320 Georgii IIdl Regis* 1759.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill From the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower William Warburton Esquire to make Leafesof PartofhisfettledEstatein MalvernChafe, for Ninety-nine Years, in order for the Cultivating and Improving of the fame, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, tomake out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Suffolk, in the room of Sir Cordcl Firebrace Baronet, deceased.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Slapton, in the County of Northampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Palmer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fieldsof Oadby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Lands within the said Fields, valued atj£. 77. 13s.per Annum; and that the whole Lands and Tythes within the said Fields, by the same Valuation,-amount to £. 731. 1 s. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better enlightening and cleansing the open Places, Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, and other Passages, within the Part of the Manor and Liberty of Norton Folgate, otherwise Norton Folley, in the County of Middlesex, which is extra-parochial, and regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles therein, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Southro'-on for repairing, widening, and rendering fafeand commo- RjilUS-dious, several Roads leading from the Town of South-molton, in the County of Devon, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a Place Hoad, called the Old Gallozvs, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Brack-nowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates, intailed by the Will of the s

Most Noble Charles Noel Duke of Beaufort, deceased, in Trustees to be sold; and for purchasi ng other Estates to be settled to the like Uses; and for empowering the Guardian and Trustees, named in the said Will, to make Leases of the said Duke's Estates, in the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Hants, Devon, Dorset, Glamorgan, and Brecon, during the Minority of his Children: To which the Lordsdeftre the Concurrence of this House:

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read the First time.

Bcfolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Vestrymen, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, Ir^nt ‘ f in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subsci ibed, onbehalf of themselves and the reflrof the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice,

That a Bill.is depending for continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act: more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abu* fes committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary Le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Hoi-bourn as lies in the County of Middlesex; and alleging, that, in case itlhall bethought proper to continue the said Act,the Petitioners hope, that ProviGon will be made by the said Bill, that they may not be compelled to pay any Sum of Money for the Admeasurement of any Coals, to be bought at any Wharf or other Place lyingor being within the said ParishoLStf/zz/ Martin in the Fields, unless the Buyer of such Coals shall signify his Desire of having the same admeasured by a sworn labouring Coal Meter: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confi derat ion, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall appear reasonable.

A Petition of Samuel Tufnell Esquire, and Michael Ditto. Morion, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Samuel Tufnell is Proprietor of a Wharf fttuate near Abingdon Buildings, in the Parish oiSaint Margaret Westminster, and the Petitioner Michael Morton is Tenant and Occupier of the said Wharf, under a Lease; and alleging, that, by the said Bill the united Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, are, in great Measure, excluded from the Benefit of the said Act; of the 19th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, which the Petitioners apprehend will greatly prejudice the Business carried on at the said Wharf: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, to authorize and oblige the principal Coal Meters to station a labouring Coal Meter at the said Wharf, in the same Manner as is directed by the said Act.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing WIeta the open Fields and Meadows, common Pasture, Ilu’10lCfC-

and

Brtednn,&c.

Indofrre.

East Cotbam . Indolure.

Importation' of Tallow -from Ireland.

Private Ships of War.

32 Geo. II. 4° — 5" dprilis.

531

imd waste Grounds, in the Manor of Thistleton, in the County of Rutland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Meadows, common Pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Manor of Thifilcton, in the County of Rutland.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridgman do carry the BiH to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Breedon, Tonge, and Wilson, in the Manor of Breedon and County of Leicester, and certain commonable and waste Grounds, within the respective Liberties thereof, was rehd the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Breedon, Tonge, and Wilson, in the Manor of Breedon and County of Leicester, and certain commonable and waste Grounds, within the respective Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrene.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields in the Manor of'East\Cotham> in the County of York, and extinguishing the Right of Warren of the the Lord of the said Manor in Part of a Tract of Ground called the Sea Batts, or Coney Warren, in East Cotham aforesaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titlebe, An Act for inclosingand dividing the common Fields in the Manor of East Cotham, in the County of York; and extihguilliing the Right of Warren of the Lord of the said Manor, in Part of a Tract; of Ground called the Sea Batts, or Coney Warren, in East Cotham aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornton do carry the Bill to the JL*ords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the Other Papers oF this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Dobyns Esquire, now called Robert Yate, and his First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Yate> in pursuance of the Will of Walter Yale Eftjuire, deceased, was read the First time. ’

Befolvedi That the Bill be read a Second time*

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will* upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Act, of the 29 th Year of his present Majesty* intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen* and the morefpeedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s Navy.

Refolded, That this House will* upon Friday Mousing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

' And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 5* die Aprilis;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Harris:

Mr.’Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable uponTallow imported fvomIreland, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed. That Mr. Bellas, Deputy Register of the HighCourt of Admiralty, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant. to their Order,

N° 1. Copy of the Commissions issued to the Cora- , tnanders of Private Ships of War, in Obedience to an Act of the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s Navy; and also,

N° 2. Copy of the Bail and Security Bonds usually taken on granting such Coni mi (Rons; and also,

N° 3. Copy of his Majesty’s Instructions for the Commanders of Private Ships of War, given at Kensington the 5th Day of June, in the 29th Year of his Majesty’s Reign; and also,

N° 4. Copy of his Majesty’s additional Instruction, given at Kensington the 28th Day of June, in the 30th Year of his Majesty’s Reign; and also,

N° 5. Copy of his Majesty’s additional Instruction, given at St. James's the nth Day of January>. in the 30th Year of his Majesty’s Reign; and also,

N°6. Copy of his Majesty's additional Instruction* given at Kensington the 5th Day of October, in the 30th Year of his Majesty’s Reign;

Together with a Lilt of the said Papers,

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read,

V01.. 28.

Prayers.

0RDERED, That Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. OngUy^ Mr. White, Mr. Cocks,be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for makirigand completing the Navigation of the River Wear, from and including South Biddick or Biddickford, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham', and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better PreferVation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland^in the County of Durham, as relates tQ making the said River navigable between the said Two Places called Sduth Biddick or Biddickford and New Bridge, in the County of Durham', is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Cngley, Mr. While, Mr. Cocks, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing* amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in tlife County of Durham, as relates to the Port and Haven of Sunderland, and the River Wear, between South Bid-dick and Biddickford, and the said Port and Haven, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Ro&d from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of South Malting, near the Town of Lewes, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence, through Fitte Street, under the Lorig-

bridge, in the Parish of Alfrifton, in the County of Suffer, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That Bill do pass: And that the Title b<% An Act for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of South Mailing, near the Town of Lewes, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence, through Fir It Street,under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfrifton, in the County of Suffer.

Dobynt*

Name.

Encotrtagfc*' ment of Seamen,

Svipidfi

Ways an4 Means*

W«lr

Navl#uiO#i

Sonderlabi

Fort.

South

Mailing

Road;

<ifA 5° Aprilis \ i 759.

' Ordered, Tfiat Mr. Probyn do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

timid ford An ingrossed Bill for eflabihhing, regulating, and Streets, maintaining, a nightly Watch, and for enlightening the open Places and Streets, iwithin the Town of Guildford,

in the County of Surrey, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were fev^rally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 5to,. To leave out *c Recorder," and insert tc Town Council," instead thereof:

L. 23. After " being" to insert " the Bur- gestes in Parliament for the said Borough, for the u Time being, George' Onftozv,of the Friary; near the { said Borough, Esquire;"

L. 28. After " younger," to insert " and :" L. 29. To leave out tf the Burgesses in Parliament, for the Time being, and George Onslow, & Esqifire:"

L. 36. After ?‘the" to insert u Thirteen."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question TevVrally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill wasamebded at -theTable accordingly.

SefolvedfYbal jthe Bill do pais: And that the Tide be, An Act for establishing, regulating, and maintaining, a nightly Watch, and forenlightening the open Places and Streets, within the Town of Guildford, in the County of Surrey. 1; *

.v1 Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Admeasure* ^.Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there-ment of unto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Liherty of West-Coals, minster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Boni and such Part of the Pari ill of Saint Andrew Holbourh as lies in the County of Middlesex, in behalf of themselves and many others, w&s presented to the House, and read, taking Notice of the Bill for continuing, amending, and explaining, and . making more efieftu^l, an Act, made in the j 3th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City arid Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lan-, caftpr adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint \Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of

thpRarish o{ Saint Andrew Holbourn as lies in the County of Middlesex; and alleging, that the Law, which the said

Bill is for continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, has, as the Petitioners apprehend, been ;by Experience, to be of great Benefit and Advantage, by preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, which, before the passing of the said Law, were frequently practised; and that, Ur case

the said Law is not further, continued, they shall be again liable to the like Frauds and Abuses: And therefore praying, That they may be permitted to give their Ilea tons, by themselves or Counsel, why the said Bill ought to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit the said Petitioners to be he?^d,by themselves or their Counsel, in Favour of the said Bill, ggainst the Petition of the Churchwardens and Inhabitants of the yarish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex and Liberty of Westminster, aflem-, bfed in Vestry; and of fevera} other Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves Und thp rest of the Inhabitants of the saidParish, referred ,to the said Committee; and who are to be heard, if they think fit, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, before the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

/ Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Barrington for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Incl°sure-Fields, called Little Barrington Common Fidtls, and a Common or Waste, called the Downs, within the Manor of Little Barrington, in the County of Gimcester, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have^agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hoton for dividing andiRelofing the open and common Fields I"cIofure‘ of Hoton, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, without any . Amendment: And also,;

The Lords havd agreed to the Bill* iptitqfed, An Act Coliefling of fqr the mpi’e regular and easy colJefting, accounting for, fines* and paying of, Pod Fipes, which shall be due to the Crown, or to Grantees thereof under the Crown, and for the Ease of Sheriffs in respect to the feme, without any Amendment,

Andfcheu the Meffepgers withdrew*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring In a Bill far Stealing of thetoore^ffeftual preventing the Stealing of Dogs: And Dog*,

that Sir William Codring ton and Sir John Cvft do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Second and TWr- Wine teenth Sections of an Act, made in the 30th Year of his lienee* present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures,

Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon Newspapers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported to foreign Parts; and for applying, from a certain Time, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spiritnous Liquors and for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the Second Year i)f I

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors; and for enlarging the Time for filing Affidavits, of the Execution of Cpntrafts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and also the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made; and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 30th Year of his present Majesty^ Reign, for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bor*ds, and other Deeds; and upon Newspapers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and other Purposes in the said Act; mentioned; so far as the same relates to feme Provisions with Regard to Licences for retailing Wine.

AMeffage by MrMuarme, Deputy Gentleman U&er of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Royal-Assent 1 Commission for declaring his royal Afient to several Acts, w

agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Corn-mi ffion.afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peeps;

Where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the royal Assent to several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and affo impowering hisRoyalHighness the Dukcof Cumb&tand, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Keeffer of the Great Seal, the Lord President of the Council, and the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords/ to de- '

*4 clare ‘

#3 Ge&v II. 5

dtare and notify (he Royal Afrbnt to the said Bills; and that the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, the Lord Privy ilSeal; and the Duke of Dorset, named also in the said Commission; did, by virtue of the said Commission, and ,ttlfo of his Majesty’s Commission for holding this Parliament, accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills $ which Bills areas followeth; viz.

'An Act for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom, and an additional inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate; and for raising the Sum of Six millions Six hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy and additional inland Duty.

An Act to permit the free Importion of Cattle from Ireland, for a limited Time.

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon Tallow ini ported from Ireland.

An Act for the better enlightening and cleansing the gp^n Places, Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, and other Pgffages within the Part of the Manor and Liberty of Npi'ton Folgate, othermk Norton Folley, in the County of Middlesex, which is extra-parochial, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles therein;

An Act to amend and explain an Act, made in the Third Year of his present, Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making navigable the River Stroud water, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Secern, at or near Framilaad, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County:

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the^Parishes of Somersham and 1* id Icy with Fenton, and the Parish of Colne, in the County of Huntingdon:

' An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Granthcyn, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford >and Bingham to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Lenton, to , Saw ley Ferry:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads leading to the City of Bath\ and for amending several otherRoadsnear the said City:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County gf York:

An Act for repairing, and widening the Roads from Oxdoxcn Gate in Popham Lane, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through HurJiey,toChandlersford; and from IIin ftey aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at RomJey, and from the said Turnpike Road through Ring-uood, in the County of Southampton, to Longhorn Bridge and Winborne Minster, in the County of Dorset:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in feepair, the Road from the Hollow-way on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, to a Place called Biddaford, in the County of Devon:

An Act for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Au-fterlands, in the West Riding of the County o {'York An Act for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of South Molton, in the County of Devon:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called the OldGallozvs, in the Parish of Sunning, i«i the County of Berks, through Wokingham, Nezv Bracknowl, and Sunning-IIill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Suri'ey:

An Act for exemplifyingor inrolling an Indenture of Settlement, and the Will and Codicils, of the late Earl of Arran, deceased, and making the same Evidence, as well in Ireland as Great Britain:

An Act for dividing and inelofingOne open and common Field, called Ncithrop Field, and several Parcels of Land,called Ball's CloJ'e, the Hook's Common, BulkesLcys, Vol. iS.

<rilis. . 53-5

While Post, Cow Layer, Paddock, Great March Cause* toat/s, and Ley, within the Township and Liberties of Neithrop and Wickham, and in the Parish of Banbury, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for establi fil ing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for the inclosing and dividing -certain Commons or waste Grounds, called Redness and Swinefteet Pastures, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leafet, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon News*papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine 5 and other Purposes, in the said Act mentioned; so far as the same relates to some'Provision s with regard to Licences for retailing Wines And that Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. James Grenville, and Sir John Glynne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday next, to take into further Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, might be read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Three Weeks, the First Day of May next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the under-written Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners have been informed, that in the Bill now depending for continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary Le Bon, and fudl Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holbourn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, Provision is intended to be made, that no Person shall be charged for the Admeasurement of Coals bought at any Wharf in the United Parishes oi Saint Margaret and Saint John the Ecange* lift, in the City of Westminster, or either of them, or to iuflift any Penalty or Forfeiture upon any Person for felling or carrying any Coals from any Wharf, or any other Place within the said United Parishes, or either of them; and that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners hope Provision will be made, that the fame Privilege shall be extended to all other Wharfs between Temple Bar and Whitehall, as are intended to be granted to the Wharfs in the said United Parishes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant to the Petitioners fudl Relief, as to the House shall appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Land Owners, and Inhabitants of, and residing near, Barnsley, Barugh, and Cawthorne, in the County of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for repairing and widening the Road, leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Crofi; and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh, to a Rivulet, called Barugh Brook, in the said County; and

letting

Wine

Licence*.

Foundling

Hospital.

Admepfure-ment of Coals.

Barnsley,

&c.

Road.

u.

53^ 5°""^* Jprills. . 1 i A. \ 759.

Jetting forth, That the High Road leading to Cawthorne, Jromthe Termination of thefaicl Road, at the said Rimlet, called Barugh Brook, for Two hundred Yards, and upwards, and extending over and beyond the fame* into the Township o(Cazvthome aforesaid, is very incommodious, narrow, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be cfte&ually widened and repaired, by the Methods appointed by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said last mentioned Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Affleck, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Bacon, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Palmer, Lord Carysfort, Mr. More, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Grenville, Mr, Proivfe, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Trift, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Robei't Ladbroke, Mr. Aledlycott, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Glyvne, Mr. Amcotfs, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Hewett, Lord North, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Willy, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Martiu; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West-moreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Six of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Licences The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a for felling Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warzoick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the several Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Savile took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

The other Order of the Day being read;

General Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-A&sf6 next> ref°Ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Three several Acts of the 26th, 28th, and 30th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 6°;

Anno 32° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1759,

Prayers.

Buckley'* A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Jiftaw*. for $aje part the settled Estates of Thomas

Buckley, Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, for discharging an Incumbrance affecting the lame, prior to his Marriage Settlement, was read a Second time.

Befoboed\ That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bold, Si vCharles Mordaunt, M r. Fuller, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Ridley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kyncflon, Admiral

Griffin, Mr. Roxcney, Mr'. Cdlthofpe, M\\ Forf-ej7cr, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Symons, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Trift, Sir Nicholas Bayli/, Mr. Affleck, Sir Francis Da/hwood, Mr. Nugent*

Lord Verney, Mr. Fonereau, the M arquis of Carnarvon,

Mr. Townjhendy Mr. Lascelles, Wr. Belc hier, Mr. Chester,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Wilkinjbn, Mr.y$W//i, ML Yorke, Mr. Amcotis, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Fan*

Jit tart, Mr. Aledlycott, Mr. Loivndes, Mr Mohpieux, Mr,

Gybbon, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Willy, Mr. Fellowes,

Sir John Barnard, Mr. Bariy, Sir Geo. Dalfion, Mr.

Prowse, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Thornton, Sir Geo. Yonge,

Mr. Bolton, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Bacon, Lord Gage, Mr. Palmer, Lord Carpenter, Mr. llill, Admiral Frank land, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Charlton,

Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Warren, Mr.

Geo. Onslow; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr Augustus Hervey reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Ah kmshire'i Act for raising Money out of the personal Estate of the Effete, late Duchess of Buckinghamshire and Normanby, deceased, to renew a Lease of certain Manors and Estates in the County of York, in the Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Burton open, common, and arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, lndofure. and waste Grounds, within the Manor of Burjlall, in the Parish of Belgrave, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Titlebe,

AnACt for dividing and inclosing certainopen, common, and arableFields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, within the Manor of Burftall, in the Parish of Belgrave, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Wear continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, as relates to the Port and Haven of Sunderland, and the River Wear, between South Biddick and Biddickford, and the said Port and Haven, is committed, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

A Petition of Mary Bingley, an Infant, of the Age Bolton opoa of Six Years and Eleven Months, or thereabouts, the Dwne Grand-daughter of Richard Bingley, late of Goldthorpe, *nclo{urc* deceased, by Maiy Btngley, the Mother and Guardian in Socage of the said Infant, and Richard Bingley and John Hawkjworlh, Devisees in Trust, named in the iaft Will atrdTestament of the said Richard Bingley, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is depending for the inclosing and dividingThree uninclosed common Fields, known by the Names of Ingfeld, Carrfield, and Low Field; and also a large common Meadow, called Bolton Ings, and Two pieces of open and uninclosed ground or stinted pastures known by the Names of the Gooje Holm and Carr Comman,being stinted and occupied in Cattle Gates; and also One great Common or Moor, called Bolton Common,nr\di Qneimall Common or Moor, called Carr Common, containing 194 Acres,orthereabouts,not stinted; which said Fields, common Meadows, stinted Pastures and Commons, are therein mentioned to contain in the Whole, by*

Estimatiou,

3zGeo. IL 6* jrfprilis:,537

Eftinjation, 1,000 Acres or thereabouts, and to be within the Manor of Bolton upon Derne, with Goldthorpe, in the County of York; and for the inclosing and dividing some other common Fields, common Meadows, /tinted Pasture.% or Commons, within the Township of Bolton upoii Heme, in the said County; and alleging, That the Petitioners, apprehend, if the said Pill should pass into a Law* the respective Estates and Interetls of the Petitioners will be very considerably prejudiced; And therefore praying. That they may be heard by their Counsel again!! the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table* until the said Bill be read a Second Time; And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, again!! the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, again!! the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr»lyneux*s Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom ^Marriage the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ertement. transferring to the Guardians of Charles William Moly-neux, an Infant, a certain Power of Leafing, contained in the MarriageSettlement of Richard late Lord Viscount MolyneuXi deceased, during the Minority, and for the Benefit, of the said Infant, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee , and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment \ and he delivered the Bill iu at the Clerk’s 'Fable.

Committee Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who

on Weights were appointed to inquire into the original Standards of Heafures* aile^ Measures in this Kingdom, and to consider

of the Laws relating thereto j and to report their Observations thereupon, together w'ith their Opinion of the moll effectual Means lor ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future; be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Dtikeof An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act King (ton’s for veiling divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Estates. £jie £0lj nties of Bucks, Northampton, Salop, a nd Stafford, deviled by the Will ot' Evelyn, late Duke of Kingston, in the present Duke of Kingston, in Fee-simple, and for settling other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Nottingham, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

Turnpike The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hoads in for the better Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in Scotland. hat Part of Great Britain called Scotland', without any Amendment: And also,

Wegg’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Estate. exchange Lands between Samuel Wegg Esquire, and the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paid, in the City of London; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hoirfe: And also,

Widdringtoh’s The Lords have puffed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Estates. jm power certain Persons to enfranchise several eutlofnary Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the several Manors of Nival Forest, So I port, and Bav Castle, in the County of Cumberland, lute the Estates of the honourable Catherine Widdrington, Widow, deceased, directed to be settled to certain Uses by the Will and Codicil of the said Catherine Widdrington; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also,

Vot 28,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for CmW» Sale of the Inheritance of Part of the settled Estate of E*a<c* John Caryll Esquire,in the County of Sujex, to discharge Incumbrances affeCiing the fame; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Htoiife to Encoarag«n>«ai resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon! Sea"1€lu

the Bill to explain and amend the Act, of the 29th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encou- . '

ragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual >*’

Manning his Majesty’s ftavy;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty j Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, td and Mean* consider further of Ways arid Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee of the licence* whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of for fcUingf the Report which was made from the Committee,* to Gold, &c* whom the Petition of several Merchants and Manufac- Warc* turers of the Tovvri of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the several Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; the Resolution which the Committee had di*? reded him to report to the House; which he read in hiIs Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as foliowethj *1

viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Par*

Lament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duty granted by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, on Silver Plate, made, wrought, touched, allayed, or marked, in Great Britain, and for granting a Duty on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons dealing-in Gold Qr Silver Plate, and for discontinuing all Drawbacks upon Silver Plate exported, and for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Marking or Stamping of Gold or Silver Plate, as directs, that every Person trading in, felling, or vending, Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares composed of Gold or Silver, or any Goods or Wares in which any Gold or f

Silver is or shall be manufactured, fha.II take out a

Licence for that Purpose, has been found very detrimental and prejudicial to the Toy and Cutlery Trades of this Kingdom.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Inllrudion to the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom it is referred to consider Further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, that they do consider of an Apt, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duty granted by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, on Silver Plate, made, wrought* touched, allayed, or marked, in Great Britain, and for granting a Duty on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate, ' and for discontinuing all Drawbacks upon Silver Plate

exported, and for more efledually preventing Frauds 4

and Abuses in the Marking or Stamping of Gold of,

Silver Plate.

6 X Ordered, -

533 6’- — 9

Ordered, That the Taid Resolution, jaft now reported, and agreed to by the House, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petitions of the several Merchants and Manufacturers of the Towns of Birmingham and Sheffield, were Severally referred, be referred to the said Committee.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Seamen*11 The ^ou^e re^ved itself into a Committee of the camen' whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Act, of the 29th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, \yhen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bacon accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had hiadeto the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 1 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Txtefday Fortnight, the 24th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be suffi-<?ient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp Proctor have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock:

’ And he moved the House accordingly; and,

Wegg*i An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act SEstate. to exchange Lands between Saijiuel Wegg Esquire, and the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, in the City of London, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lun90 die Aprilis;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

Uarry*f OIR George Montgomery Melham reported from the £ilatc». O Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Dux-ford, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Cambridge, Part of the settled Estate of James Barry Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trustees, to be conveyed to Richard Crop Esquire, pursuant to Articles; and for settling other Estates in the County of York, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses of their Marriage Articles; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confentto the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee *, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Duke of An itigrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ®*a"f°n’8 for veiling Part of the Estates mtailed by the Will of the BfUtes. ^oble Charles Nod, Duke of Beaufort, deceased,

in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing other Estates,

Aprilis. A, 1759.

so be settled to the like Uses; and for impowering the Guardian and Trustees, named in the said Will, to make Leases of the said Duke’s Estates in the Counties of Gloucester, Wills, Hants, Devon, Dorset, Glamorgan, and Brecon, during the Minority of his Children; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prozvfe,

Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Martin, Lord Barrington, Mr. Barrow. Sir William Codringion, Mr. Bnthuvjt, Sir Arming Wodehouse, Mr. Rowney, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bagol, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Morton, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Ridley,

Mr. GaJhry, Nlr. Medlycott, M v.Lowndes, Mr. Frederick,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Townshend, Lord Vernty, Mr. Fane, Sir JohnGlyime, Mr. Thornton, Mr* Brudenell, Mr. Barry, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Clou-cefier, Wilts, Devon, Somerset, Hants, and Middlesex; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act WarWton’i to empower William Warburton Esquire, to make Leases Leafo of Part of his settled Estate in Malvern Chafe, for Ninety-nine Years, in order for the cultivating and improving of the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cart-wright, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Wilbraham,

Mr. Smith, Sir Geo.Savile, Mr. Bankes, S\vJohn Morgan,

Mr. Martin, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Wilkes,

Mr. Trifi, Mr. Gray, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr.

Thornton, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Tlwrofcn, Mr. OJbaldefion,

Mr. Stanley, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Hill, Mr. Delaval, Mr.

Cocks, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lascelles and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, and Hereford; and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Bobyns* enable Robert Dobyns Esquire, now called Robei't Yate, Naiuc* and his First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Yate, in pursuance of the Will of Walter Yate Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Morgan, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Harvey, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Profior,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bagel, Mr. Chester,

Mr. Shellei/, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Geo.

Savile, Mr. Bacon, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Bayntun,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hewett, Lord North, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lewis; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Monmouth, and Hereford; and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act vttMrin-tart to impower certain Persons to enfranchise several customary Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the several Manors of Nicol Forest, Solport, and Bew CajUe, in the County of Cumberland, late the Estates of the honourable Catherine Widdrington, Widow, deceased, directed to be settled to certain Uses by the Will and Codicil of the said Catherine Widdrington; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Dnchpfs of raising Money out of the personal Estate of the late Bucking* Duchess of Buckinghamshire and Nor man by, deceased, ha£1^rce'5 to renew a Lease of certain Manors and Estates in the a ‘ County of York, in the Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Drdered,

3 2 Geo II.

9°^ Aprilis.

539

Ordered, That. Mr. Augvftuslleroey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Molyneax’t An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marriage for transferring to the Guardians of Charles William

Settlement. Molyntux, an Infant, a certain Power of Leafing,-contained in the Marriage Settlement of Richard late Lord Viscount Molyneux, deceased, during the Minority, and for the Benefit of the said Infant, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment,

Bamfley, Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Road whomthe Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders,

02 Land-owners, and Inhabitants, of, and residing near, Bani/ley, Barugh, and Caivthorne, in the County of York, whol’e Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had difeded him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is % as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Marfden being examined, said. That he knows the Road from a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, to Caivthorne; and that the same is very narrow and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barvjley Common in the County of York; and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh, to a Rivulet, called Barugh Brook, in the said County; is committed; That they have Power to make Provision therein, for repairing and widening the Road leading to Caivthorne, from the Termination of the said IloacJ, at the said Rivulet, called Barugh Brook, for Two hundred Yards, extending over and beyond the fame, in the Township of Cawthorne aforesaid.

MarcMoncfs The Lord Register of Scotland reported from the f Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Rftates"8 An Act for settling the Real and Leasehold

Estates of the most honourable Margaret Brydges, commonly called Marchioness of Carnarvon, Wife of the most honourable James Brydges Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Carnarvon, and late Margaret Nicoll, Spinster, an Infant, for the Benefit of the said Marquis and Marchioness, and their ItTue; and for applying Part of the personal Estate of the said Marchioness for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Aire and A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of Calder the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Navigation Hull, was presented to the House, and read; taking Parochial ]\j0|icej That Application has been made by several of at*3* the Inhabitants of the Town of Wakefield, for Leave to bring in a Bill to authorize them to allels the Navigation of the Rivers Aire and Calder, for One Moiety of the Profits thereof to the Parochial Rates and Assessments of the said Town, and for some different Methods of recovering the same than by the Laws now in being the y are enabled; and alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, that fuel) a Bill, if passed into a Law, will not only be a great Hardship on the Farmers of the said Rivers, but that such Powers granted to the Inhabitants of Wakefield will be disproportionate; and that as th6 Vol. 28.

impofingan additional Load upon the present Farmers may affect the Interest of Persons navigating the said Rivers, and tend to the Detriment of Trade in general, and of the Town of Kingston upon Hull in particular, the Petitioners hope, that this House will not countenance an Application from the Inhabitants of Wakefield, to assess Estates lying out of their Township, or Profits which do not arise from the Inhabitants of the said Township, in Aid of themselves and their own Estates, y nor authorize them to levy Assessments otherwise thati by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabte, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better ascertaining the Proportion, in which the Profits of the Navigation of the Rivers Aire and Calder shall be assessed to the parochial Rates of the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, is committed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, Inha- Derby, bit ants of the Counties of Stafford and Derby, or frequently travelling the Road between Derby and Newcastle under Lyne, in the said Counties, was presented to the House, and read: taking Notice, That a Bill is depending for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to Uttoxeter, and from thence to the Town of Newcastle under Lyne; and alleging, That if Provision was made in the said Bill for continuing the Repairs of the said Road, through or by the Side of the Town of Uttoxeter, the same would be of great Advantage and Convenience to the Travellers upon the said Road: And therefore praying the House, that Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to M . Vernon, Lord Carysfort, Mr.

Martin, Lord North, Mr. Ihurjby, Lord Middleton,

Mr. Thornton, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Thoroton, Admiral OJborn, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Symons, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Prodtor, Mr. Palmer, Sir George Yonge, Mr.

Fuller, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Amcotts,

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Cartwright, NLr.Prowfc,

Mr. Lewis, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Stafford,

Derby, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privilege, Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint made t« the House of the 16th Day of last Month, of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed against

Admiral Griffin, a Member of this House, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Jin ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the slapton common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, Inclosure. common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Slapton, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third time.

Rcjolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Slapton, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, amend, and render more Stodley effectual, an Act, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of Bridge his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing an Roa Ad, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Road from Studley Bridge to Chippenham,

L.

54° 9 Aprilis.A- 1759.

ham, in the Coufttyof Wilts, and for amending the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick, in the same County; and to repeal lb much of an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his prefen t Ma jeilv, for repairing and widening Several Roads therein mentioned, as rehates to the Road between Chippenham Bridge, and Lower Stanton, and for amending,wi(leuing,andrenderingeommodious,the said Road; and also the Road from the Sign of the Plough, in the Parish of Kingston Saint Michael, to the Turnpike Road at Grit tie ton; and also the Road from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Sutton Benger in the said County of Wilts; was read the Third time.

Rc/olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, One made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other, in the 17th Year of his present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads leading from Chippenham; and for repairing several Roads leading from Chippenham Bridge; and to repeal so much of an L; Act, made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty, as

relates to the Road between the said Bridge and Lower Stanton, in the County of Wilts,

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

AVine Mr. Samuel Martin presented to the House, according

4-iccuccs. Order, a Bill, to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon Newspapers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as the same relates to some JProvilions with regard to Licences for retailing Wine: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Oadby An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Incloiuie. arKj common Fields o tOadby. in the county of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Oadby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

General A Petition of several Gentlemen, Land-owners,

Turnpike Farmers, and others, of the Counties of Suffolk, and A s* Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; repre-

senting to the House, several Hardships, which the Petitioners allege, themselves and others will be subject to, with regard to the Method of bringing Provisions of a periihable Nature from the said Counties to London, the Supply whereof depends absolutely upon the Quick-fiefs of the Conveyance, which the Petitioners allege is impossible to be performed with Carriages drawn upon broad Wheels, without spoiling the Provisions, by the Bill depending for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Three several Acts of the 26th, 28th, and 30th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads' in this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House that they may be heard by themselves or Counsel, against such Part of the Bill as may assess them; and that Provision may be made therein, for relieving them in the Premises, as to the House shall seem most reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Modbury, An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road &c* from Modbury, through the Church Town of Yelmpton,

*0iU* and the East End of Britton Church Town, and through

the Town of Plympton, and the Village of Underwood,

to the North End of LinColla Lane, in the' County of Devon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Mod* bury, through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Lincolta Lane, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Baker do carry the Bill to the Ix>rds, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for improving the Navigation of the Clyde

River Clyde to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Navi^aiio% Bridge, cross the said River, from the said City to the Village of Gorbells, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be.

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River C/yde-to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City to the Village of Gor bells.

Ordered, That Mr. Elliot do carry the Bill to the*

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Bonvene't impower the honourable Edward Bouverie, and William Eiutei. Bouverie, respecti vely, to make Leases of Chesters Key, and Brewer's Keij, and other Tenements and Buildings, in the City of London, devised by the Wills of Bar-tholemezv Clarke and Hitch Young, Esquires, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir Robert Long, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Mcdlycott, Sir John Cvjl,

Mr. Affleck, M r. Lewis, Mi\ Amcotts, Mr. Gore, Air.

Prowse, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lascelles, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Crejivell, Mr. Symons, M r. Charlton, Mr. More, SxrThomas Palmer, Mr. Trift, Sir Roger Nezvdigale, Mr.

Probyn, Mr. Walter, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bayn-tun. Sir Ellis Cunliffc, Mr. Molyneux, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Kent, Mr. Willy, Mr. Moore, Sir Geo,

Yonge, Mr. Heivett, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Fellowes, Sir William Owen, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Ifilkcs,

Mr. Staunton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hayward,

Mr. Alexander, Mr. Fuller; and all the Members who serve lor the Counties of Wilts, Surrey, Kent, Leicester, Gloucrfer, Berks, and Middlesex, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Marshal of his Majesty’s Prison Bankrupt of King's Bench, do. Tomorrow Morning, bring in Law*-safe Custody Captain George Walker, now a Prisoner for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison of King's Bench, to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the Laws relating to Bankrupts; and also do bring the said Captain George Walker in safe Custody to the said Committee, at any other Time or Times, as the said Committee shall think fit to require the fame; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to General resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to Turnpike consider further of the Bill for amending and reducing AuS* into One Act of Parliament, the Three several Acts of the

26th, 28th, and 30th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways, and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom;

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Ckiufc, or Ciaufes, for directing more regular Not ices, to be given bySurveyors of Highways to Perlbnsliable to do Statute Labour, and for preventing Persons, performing Statute Labour, leaving Stones and other Materials in Heaps upon the Highways.

Ordered, That the said Order of the Day be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself iuto a Committee of the whole House,

tlo

Ways

and Means.

General

Turnpike

Acts.

32 Geo. II. 90 — 10° Jpritis.

54*

to consider further of the Supply granted to his Ma-

5

he House was moved, That so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament; intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better fecnring his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Porifmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Porlfmoufh and Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; as directs, that Satisfaction ill all be made out of the next Aids to be granted in Parliament, in respect of Lands therein mentioned; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, " A Copy of the *5 Judgments and Decrees of the Commissioners named " and authorised,in and by virtue ofaComtniflion under " the Great Seal of Great Britain, issued in pursuance " and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the " laftSeftion, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for " the better fecnring his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and " Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and " for the better fortifying the Town of PortJ'mouth,&n<\ "Citadel of Plymouth, in Trutiees, for certain Uses; " and other Purposes therein mentioned be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, That the Book, intituled, " The " Report and Estimate of Colonel William Skinner, Chief V Engineer, for fortifying the interior Part of Milford " Haven, 1758," he referred to the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty recommends it to the House, to make Provision for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford.

Ordered, That the said Report and Estimate be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what has been done since the 23d Day of January 1758, towards securing the Harbour of Milford, and towards providing a temporary Defence for the Ships lying in the said Harbour, in pursuance of any Directions given by his Majesty in Consequence of the Address of this House to ins Majesty, in the Year 1757: Containing,

Account of what has been done by the principal Officers of the Ordnance, since the 23d Day of January 1758, towards securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and towards providing a temporary Defence for the Ships lying in the said Harbour; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved it fdfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chariton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the Eloufe, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have . Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday . Morning uext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

’ The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill lor amend -

Vol. 28.

ing and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Tbree several Acts of the 26th, 28th, and 30th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Glynne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And Notice being taken, that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock.

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker (with-, out a Question first put) till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the ClocK;

Mortis, 1 o° die;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759. Prayers.

intituled, An Act to empower William Warburton Esquire, to make Leases of Part of his settled Estate in Malvern Chafe, for Ninety-nine Years, in order for the cultivating and improving of the fame, is committed.

Mr. Venables Vernon reported from the Committee, Drrby, Ac, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, Road* Inhabitants of the Counties of Stafford and Derby, or frequently travelling the Road between Derby and Newcastle under Lyne, in the said Counties, was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Thomas Wright Esquire, and Mr. Stephen Jones, said.

That if Provision was made in the Bill now depending,

¥for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to Uttoxeter, and from thence to the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, for continuing the Repairs of the said Road, through or by the Side of the Town of Uttoxeter, the same would be of great Advantage and Conveniency to Travellers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Uttoxeter, and from thence to the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road through the said . Town of Uttoxeter.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mold, &c. for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Roads. Mold, to the Town of Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-y-cafn and Conway; and from the Town of Wrexham, to the Towns of Ruthin, Denbigh, and the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Two Peniai Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Scots. Porter, and Beer,which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a Bridge cross the River Tweed', and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

6 Y The

542

io° Aprilis.

A. 1759.

Leatlenfcmi. Hill Roaid.

Loughborough

liicloiure.

Chrfhrr’s

Name.

Duke of Kifgfton’s Estate*.

Milit'a

k.Ilima.e.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Little Gate, at the Top of Leadenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of Bamaby Gate, in Newark upon Trent 5 and from the Guide Po/t at the Division of Kelham and Mvfkham Lanes, to Mansfield: and from Southwell to Orton, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Bagot, now called Charles Chester, and his Sons, to take the Surname of Chester, and for carrying an Agreement therein mentioned into Execution; and for explaining and altering that Agreement, and giving better Directions for the carry-i g the fame, so explained and altered, into Execution; to which the Lords desire the Concurrenceoftliis House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, pud Hereditaments, in the Counties of Bucks, Northampton, Salop, and Stafford, devised by the Will of Evelyn, late Duke of King-flon, in the presentDuke of Kingstonjm Fee-simple, and for settling other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Nottingham, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett, Mr. Brand, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Cornetcall, Mr. More, SivGeo. Montgomery Metham, Vlv. Moore, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Tmvhjhend, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Jennings. Mr. Lyster, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Nugent, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston,§\v Geo. Savile, Mr. Alexander, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Proivfe, Sir Percy Brett, Mr. Norton, Sir John Glymie, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Symons, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Trift, Mr. Coventh/, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Honeyzvood, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Scott, Mr. Mediycott; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, Bucks, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the First of the Refolu tions, which upon Thursday the 29th Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved," That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety thousatid Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloa-rt thing for the Militia, from the 31st Day of December " 17 58, to the 25th Day of March 1760; and for repay-ing to his Majesty the Sum of One thousand three " hundred and Thirty*two Pounds Ten Shillings, advan-' ced by his Majesty for the Service of the Militia, pur-" suant to an Addreis to this House, of the 29th of No-<c vember last, to his Majesty, That he would be gracioudy pleased to give Directions, for the issuing, till further Provision could be made in Parliament for that Purpose, fueii Money as should be found necessary for

" for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year " 1759 > an(* promising to make the same good to his Majesty."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Townshend of Yarmouth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enforcing the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, and for removing certain Difficulties, and preventing Inconveniences, attending or which may attend the fame: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Seven hundred and Eight Pounds Three Shillings be granted to his Majesty, to enable the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Porff mouth and Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments, at and near Chatham, as have been purchased for the Purposesmentioned in the said Act, and for Damage done to the Lands adjacent.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Six thousand Nine hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Seven-pence Halfpenny be granted to his Majesty, to enable the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth, and Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to make Corapenfa-tioti to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments at and near Portsmouth, as have been purchased for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the ^Sum of Twenty-five thousand One hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to enable the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth, and Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments, at and near Plymouth, as have been purchased for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the several Provisions relating to

tke

Militia

Laws.

Supply,

Imprifcn-

mrntof

Debton,

A

3^2 Geo. II. 10° Aprilis. 543

the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and for amending, explaining, and rendering more effectual, the fame; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Excite The House was moved. That the 31st Section of an Laws. Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A Grant of certain Impofnions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for thelncrease of his Majesty’s Revenue during his Life, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for obviating a Doubt with respect to the Summoning of Persons for Offences committed against, or Forfeitures incurred by, the Laws of Excise: And that Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Charlton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Samples of The House was moved. That Part of an Act, made byfixcifemtn in Sefiiou of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing certain Laws therein mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gun powder; and to the Encouragement of the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before the Duties of Exciseare paid thereon; and for regulating the Payment of the Dut ies on foreign exciseable Liquors; and for the Relief of Thomas Watson, with regard to the Drawback on certain East India Callicoes; and for rendering more commodious the new Passage leading from Charing Cross; might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reducing to a reasonable Price the Sum payable for Samples taken to settle the Proof of imported exciseable Liquors: And that Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Charlton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

General A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Far-Tumpike mers, in the West Riding of the County of York, on Be-Acts. half0f themselves, and other Persons resident in the said

Riding, was presented to the House, and read; reciting, That by an Act, passed in the 30th Year of his present Majesty, to render more effectual the several Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, One Half more Tolls are to be paid for Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Nine Inches, than are appointed to be taken \>y any Act or Acts of Parliament upon such Roads respectively; and representing to the House, that a great Part of the West Riding of the said County of York is mountainous, and very uneven, by Reason whereof, and of the Bye Roads being very narrow, the using Nine Inch Wheels is in many Cafes utterly impracticable; and that the Weights commonly drawn on Carriages in that Part of the Kingdom, as the Petitioners conceive, veiy rarely exceed One Ton, except such Carriages as travel for Hire on Turnpike Roads only; and that a Cart drawn by Three Horses, and a Waggon by Four, with narrow Wheels, not used or travelling for Hire, might be permitted to pass for the usual Tolls in that Country, without much Prejudice to the Roads; and that Wheels of Six Inch Fellies would as effectually preserve the Roads asthofe of Nine Inches, with proportionable and additional Weight, and would, in every other respect, be of much greater Utility and Conveniency to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the said Premises into Consideration, and grant to the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Vol. 18.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wegg»t

to exchange Lands between Samuel Wegg Esquire, and JsiUte, the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Pauly in the City of London, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Olmius, Sir Robert Bur deft,

Mr. Bacon, Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Plumptre.

Sir John Cvft, Mr. Amcofts, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Bertie, Admiral Townsend,

Mr. Nor they, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Whittington, Mr. Fellozoes, Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Ong-ley, Mr. Symons. Sir Geo. Montgomery Metham, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Calvert, Mr. More, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Fonereau, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Drake, M r. Howard, M r. Powell, Mr. Selunpi, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Harbord; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Essex, Berks, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr Speaker do issue his Warrant to l{fe* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ,

electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Essex, in the room of Sir John Abdy Baronet, deceased.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Se-eond Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing cer- |nc"fuic. tain open and common Fields, Meadows, common Pastures, and waste Grounds, in the Parish or Township of Bolton upon Dearne, in the County of York;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in:

And the said Bill was read a Second time.

And the Petition of Mary Bingley, an Infant, of the Age of Six Years and Eleven Months, or thereabouts, the Grand-daughter of Richard Bingley, late of Gold-thorpe, deceased, by Mary Bingley, the Mother, and Guardian in Socage, of the said Infant, and Richard Bingley and John Hawksworth, Devisees in Trust, named in the last Will and Testament of the said Richard Bingley, deceased, was also read:

And the Counsel against the Bill was heard:

And the Counsel for the said Bill was also heard:

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw:

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And the said Bill was committed to Sir Geo. Sa-vile, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr Symons, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Fellozoes, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Frederick, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Belchier, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Molyneux,

Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Trift, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Honeywood, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Jones,

Admiral Townsend, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Martin, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Nor-they, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. John Frederick, Mr. Ofioatd,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Comewall, Mr. Heuett,

Lord Carysfort, Mr. Moore, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

Kynaston, Sir Richard Lloyd; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

Ordered, That the Petition of Mary Bingley, an Infant, of the Age of Six Years and Eleven Months, or thereabouts, the Grand-daughter of Richard Bingley, late of Goldthorpe, deceased, by Mary Bingley, the Mouther, and Guardian in Socage of the said Infant, and Richard Bingley and John Hawksworth, Devisees in Trust, named in the Jaft Will and Teliament of the said Richard Bingley, deceased, be referred to the Considera* tion of the said Committee,

Ordered,

544

io ° — n° Aprilis. A. 1759.

CarylPs

Estate.

General

Turnpike

Afls.

Wear

Navigation.

Bankrupt

L’.ws.

Ordered, Tlwt Sir John Philipps have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Inheritance of Part of the settled Estate of John Caryll Esquire, in the County of Sujff'ex, to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp Pj'ofior have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, the 30th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Three several Acts of the 26th, 28th, and 30th, Years of his ,present Majesty’s Reign, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy ii° die Aprilis;

Anno 32® Georgii IF1 Regis, 1759. Prayers.

MR Tempcfl reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and completing the Navigation of the River Wear, from and including South Biddick, or Bid die Iiford, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham', and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, as relates to making the said River navigable, between the said Two Places called South Biddick or Biddickford, and New Bridge, in the County of Durham; was committed; and to whom the several Petitions which have been presentedto the House in this Session, in Favour of the said Bill, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they Kid directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That the upper Staith and Quay, on the North Side of the River at Biddickford, ilia)I not be deemed to be within the Limits of the Navigation.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Quetlion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir W/n. Beauchamp Proctor; Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. O/ivald, Mr. Rice, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Duncan Campbell, Mr. Thornton, Sir Geo. Montgomery Medium, Mr. Harvey, SWGco Savile, Nlr. Moore, Sir John Crn/fe, Mr. Honeywood, Sir Henry Efkine, Mr. Molyneux, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Sandys, Lord Panmuve, Mr. Mackenzie, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Fletcher, Lord llegitier of Scotland, Mr. Pole, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Northey,\lw Colebrooke, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Jjrwnde;, Mr. lSagot, Mr. Conrwullis, Mr. Mackay, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Muir, Mr. Scott, Mr. Haldane, oe added

to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

Mr. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom the Sunderland Bill for continuing, amending, and rendering moreeffec- fort* tual, so much of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, as relates to the Port and Haven of Sunderland, and the River Wear,between South Biddick and Biddickford^nd the said Port and Haven, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making it a free Navigation.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House , to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Roger Newdigate reported from the Committee, to Manchester whom the Bill for discharging the Inhabitants of the Corn Milk Town of Manchester, in the CountyPaIatineofZ.a/zcf7/?e?*, from the Custom of grinding all their Corn and Grain, except Malt, at certain Water Corn Mills, in the said Town, called the School Mills, and for confirming such Custom, with respect to Malt, upon the Payment of a pecuniary, in Lieu of the usual, Toll; and for settling and securing to the Feoffees thereof, a proper Satisfaction for their Estate and Interestin the said Mills, to be applied to the charitable Uses for which the same were granted; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

The Lord Carysfort, according to Order, reported Committee from the Committee, appointed to inquire into the orj- on^ht‘ ginal Standards of Weights and Measures in this King- Measures. dom, and to consider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion of the most effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcinguniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future; That the Committee had inquired accordingly, and had considered the Laws relating thereto; and had directed him to report the Observations of the Committee thereupon, together with their Opinion of the most effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the‘Clerk’s Table; together with several Weights, and a Pattern Weight; and also a Model of a Handle for a Half Hundred Weight, referred to in the said Report.

Ordered, That the said Report be taker! into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

- Mr.

j

32 Geo. II. x \\° Jprilis. 545

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the That John Lucas senior, of Monmouth, having forcibly Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as entered upon, and made use of, a Fishery at Iladnock, it ap[>eared to them, touching the Complaint made to in the Possession of Admiral Griffin, a Member of this the House upon the 16 th Day of March last, That in House, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of Breach of the Privilege of this House, Samuel Stonehouse this House.

of Newton Farm, Thomas Lucas of Monmouth, Thomas Re/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Hopkins^unior,ofPencoyd, in Herefordshire, John Lucas That Thomas Lucas of Monmouth, having forcibly ep-senior, of Monmouth, and John Lucas junior, of Mon- tered upon, and made use of, a Fishery at Iladnock, in mouth, have forcibly entered upon, and still make use of, the Possession of Admiral Griffin, a Member of this a Fishery at Iladnock, belonging to Admiral Griffin, a House, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilegeof Member of this House; and the Resolutions of the this House. , - —

Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee,

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s That John Lucas junior, of Monmouth, having forcibly Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; entered upon, and made use of, a Fishery atHadnock, In viz. the Possession of Admiral Griffin, a Member of this

To prove what is alleged in the said Complaint, That House, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Samuel Stone- this House.

house of Newton Farm, Thomas Lucas of Monmouth, Ordered, That the said Thomas Hopkins, be, for his Thomas Hopkins junior, of Pencoyd in Herefordjh ire, said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the John Lucas femor, of Monmouth, and John Lucas junior, Serjeant at Arms, attending this House. of Monmouth, have forcibly entered upon, and still make Ordered, That the said John Lucas senior, be, for his use of, a Fishery at Hadnock, belonging to Admiral said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Griffin, a Member of this House: The Counsel for Ad-> Serjeant at Arms, attending this House. miral Griffin examined Mr. Daniel Williams, who in- Ordered, That the said Thomas Luc as,be, for his said formed your Committee, that he knows the Fishery at Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Ser-Hadnock; that it extends from a Ditch about 200 Yards jeant at Arms, attending this House. above Monmouth Bridge, to the Boundaries of the Ordered, That the said JohnLucas junior, be, for his Counties of Monmouth and Hereford; that it was for- said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the merly the Duke of Bedford's; but has been possessed by Serjeant at Arms, attending this House. the Admiral from the Year 1751; and has seen Rent

paid for it; that Mr. John Lucas the younger had paid The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply* Kent; and that Mr. John Partridge is the present resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Tenant under the Admiral; that he saw Thomas Lucas consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; and Thomas Hopkins, Two of the Persons complained The House was moved, That the 25th Section of an of, fiftiing within the said Fishery, upon the 21st of Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present November last; that he, in the Admiral’s Name, forbid Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting in his Majesty, them fiftiing, but they still persisted; that he never the Estates of certain Traitors, and for more effectually saw Stonehouse fiftiing — That he saw the two first discovering the fame, and applying the Produce thereof mentioned Persons fiftiing again on the 15th of to the Use of his Majesty, and for ascertaining and December following, with a Net, called a Sain Net, near fitisfying the lawful Debts, and Claims thereupon,

30 Yards long, notvvitlistanding that he then also forbid might be read: .

them. And the same was read accordingly.

That he had by Writing, - from the Admiral, forbid The House was also moved, That the Sixth Section of Stonehouse to fish. an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his pre-

Then he produced a Letter from Stonehouse to Mr. sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for annexing certain for-Partridge, containing a Direction from Mr. Bifcoe, feited Estates in Scotland, to the Crown, unalienably* to forewarn any Person from Fiftiing, within the Manors and for makingSatisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereof New I on and Dixon, and promifingtojuftify him (Stone- upon, and to establish a Method of managing the fame, house) in Fiftiing, and to support the Right of his Land- and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the lord agninfl all Invaders. . better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scot-

Mr. If xlliams further said, That he saw Thomas Lucas and, and preventing Disorders there for the future, and Hopkins, and John l.ucas senior, and John Lucas might be read:

junior, fiftiing after the Notice given by the Admiral. And the same was read accordingly.

Mr. Thomas Walker being examined, said. That he Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, "Copy of the has known the Fishery upwards of 50 Years; that it " Report of the Commissioners and Trustees, for ma-belonged to the Duke of Bedford's Family, till the " naging the annexed forfeited Estates in Scotland, to Admiral bought it; that it had some time ago been " the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, set by the Admiral to the said John Lucas and others; " which, by an Act of the 25th Year of his Majesty\s and that he never heard of any Disturbance till the " Reign, is directed to be laid before both Houses of Four Persons above-mentioned fiftied there, within <( Parliament;" which was presented to the House upon these Twelve Months. the 23d Day of February 1758; be referred to the said

Mr. James Woodward being examined, said, That Committee, he has known the Fishery 30 Years; that it has during Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, "Copy of a

that Time, belonged to the Hadnock Estate; and he " Report of the Commissioners and Trustees for ma-never knew any Claim set up to the Fishery till now; " naging the annexed forfeited Estates in Scotland, to and that he saw Thomas Hopkins and John Lucas fish the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, there, upon the 13th of March last. " which, by an Act of the 25th Year of his Majesty’s

Counsel appeared in Behalf of all the Persons com- " Reign is directed to belaid before both Houses of Par-plained of, but offered no Evidence in their Defence. <c liament," be referred to the said Committee.

Upon the Whole, the Committee came to the follow- Ordered, That the Book, containing a Certificate from ing Resolutions, viz. the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland, to the Ba*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, rons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, relating to That Thomas Hopkins junior, of Pencoyd in Hereford- the Estate forfeited to the Crown, by the Attainder of shire, having forcibly entered upon, and made use of, a John Drummond, taking upon himself the Stile or Title Fishery in the Possession of Admiral Griffin, a Member of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, of this House, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Pri- taking on himself the Title of Duke oi Perth; together vilege of this House. with a Schedule of the Claims sustained upon the said

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Estate; be referred to the said Committee.

V0J..28. 6Z Then

-546 n° — i a®

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chariton reported from the Committee, That they liad come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 23d Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Wayi and The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Meana. w|10]e House, to consider further of Waysand Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant April, resolve , itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Waysand Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Manchester The Order made this Day, for taking into Consider-Com Mill*, ation the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for discharging the inhabitantsoftheTownof'l/tf/zc/f^r, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, from the Custom of grinding all their Corn and Grain, except Malt, at certain Water Corn Mills, in the said Town, called the iSc//or?/il////lv,and forcoilfirming such Custom with respect to Malt, upon the Payment of a pecuniary, in lieu of the usual Toll; and for settling and securingto the Feoffees thereof, a proper Satisfaction for their Estate and Interest in the said Mills, to be applied to the charitable Uses for which the same were granted; was committed; after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second Time 5 and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

And then the 1 Ioufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis 120 die Aprilis.

Anno 32® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759. Prayers.

LafUge?, kc. >TR. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Com-Tuamcs lVJLmittee, to whom the Bill to continue, amend, ex-u ’ plain, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the

Aprilis. A. 1759.

better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames; and for the more effectual preventing the putting of Rubhiih, Earth, Sand, Allies, Filth, Dirt, or Soil, into the said River, from any Wharf, Quay, or Bank adjoining to or near the said River, or from or out of any Barge or Lighter, or being laid in the Streets, Lanes, or Padrtges in London, and the Liberties thereof, or in the Suburbs thereof in Middlesex, or in the City of Westminster, or the Liberties thereof, or being swept into or carrieddown the Kennels or Channels in the said Streets,

Lanes, or Passages, into the said River; and to allow the Shipping of a certain Quantity of Dung, Compost,

Earth, or Soil, from the Layftalls in London; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughont; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir John Cufl presented to the House, according to stealing Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing the (leaf- of Dogs, ing of Dogs: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

"Mr.Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Admeasure. Bill for continuing, amending, explaining, and making mem of more effectual, an Act, made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Ilolbourn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Church-wardens, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and Liberty of Westminster, a lie in bled m Vestry, and also of several other Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and also the Petition of the Church-wardens, Vestry-men, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and also the Petition of Samuel Tuff'nell Esquire, and Michael Morton; and also the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lane afer adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holhourn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, in Behalf of themselves and many others; and also the Petition of the under-written Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in Bqhalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants, of the said Parish; were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read.throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for af* certaiuing the Dunenfions of Coal Sacks.

And

32 Geo. II. n9 Aprilis. 547

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to he added to the Bill, for punishing labouring Coal-meters for permitting Sacks to be used of less Dimensions thau prescribed by the Rill.

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Quell ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

&c. Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Hoad. whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also the Road from the Guide Post in Bar ugh, to a Rivulet called Bamgh Brook, in the said County; was committed; That I he Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at -the Clerk’s Table. (

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

tohby A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several open locloiure. fields and commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Colehxj, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Cust, Mr. Alerunder, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Symons, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fellmves, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Probyn, Mr. lifter, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Obnius, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Ofw aid, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Veilch, Mr. Bay ut un, Mr. Cholm ley, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Lnfcelles, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lezois, Mr. John Harris, Mr. Cref-well, Mr. Haldane, Sir Geo. Montgomery Metham, Mr. Brudenell, Sir William Peeve Williams, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Geo. Manners, Mr. Trift, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Heivctt, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Nugent, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Moore, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Kynqfton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. White, Lord Vcrney, Mr. Vyner, Colonel Douglas, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Geo. Onslow; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, and Lancaster; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the , Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Plymouth Mr. Dicker reported from the Committee, to whoin Poor* the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the lleign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there; and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth, to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon; and for applying for the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse certain surplus Monies, which have formerly arisen by the Assessments I for raising the Land Tax in the said Town; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and l that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made

I several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed

' him to report to the House; and he read the Report in

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Report was read.

L Vet- 25.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report he adjourned till Tuefdqy Sevennight, the 2\th Day of this Instanl April.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hill’* N*m«. to enable Arthur Hill, Esquire, and Arthur his Son, and their Blue Male, to take the Name and Arms of Trevor; was read a Second time.

Refalved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkes,

Sir John Cust, Mr. Foley, Sir George Savile, Mr. More,

Colonel Gray, Mr. Fuller, Lord Geo. Manners, Mr.

Plumptre, Lord RegiHer of Scotland, Mr. Frederick,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hume, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Molyneux,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fellmves,

Mr. Vyner, Nlv.Fonerea u, the Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr.

Thornton, Sir Geo. Montgomery Metham, Mr. Bagot, Sir John Croffc, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Alderman Dickinson,

Air. Pitt, Mr. Crcfwell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Geo. Onslow,

Air. Northey, Air Cornewall, Mr. Thor0ton, Sir William Beauchamp Prottor, Mr. Mackay, LordCarrysfort, Mr.

Symons, Lord Verney, Mr. Affleck, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Hilt, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Alexander, Air.

Trift, Mr. Ilezvett, Mr. Smith, Mr Brudenell, Mr. Jones,

Mr. Rice, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Moore, Mr.

Townshend; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex; and for the Principality of Wales:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, was read a Insolvent Second time. Debtors.

A Motion was made that the Bill be committed:

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tuesday Sevennight, the 24U1 Day of this Instant April. j

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barrv’s for veiling the Manor of Du.if or d, and divers Lands and Estates. Hereditaments, in the County of Cambridge, Part of the settled Estate of James Barry, Esquire, and Elizabeth, his Wife, in Trustees, to be conveyed to Richard Crop,

Esquire, pursuant to Articles; and for settling other Estates in the County of York, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof, to the Uses of their Marriage Articles; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Montgomery Metham do, carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Resolved, That this House will, at the rifing of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant April.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marchioness for settling the real and leasehold Estates of the Most of honourable Margaret Brydges, commonly called Mar- 1

chioness of Carnarvon, Wife of the Most honourable James Brydges, Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Carnarvon, and late Margaret Nicoll, Spinster,an Infant, for the Benefit of the said Marquis and Alarchioness, and their IITue; and for applying Part of the personal Estate of the said Alarcbioness for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Register of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution whiuh the Committee had directed him to

report

Ways «nd Means.

548 vi* AprilA. 1759.

report to the House; which ho read in his Phtce; and 'afterwardsdelivered in at the CIerk’sTable: Where the same was rear!; and is as followeth; viz.

Ref Jived, That it is the Opinion of tin's Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty ♦nine thousand Nine hundred and Ten Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine Pence Farthing, be granted to bis Majesty, upon Account, for paying and discharging the Debts, with the necessary Expences attending the Payment of the fame, claimed and sustained upon the Lands and Estate, which became forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of John Drum-pond, taking upon himselfthe Stile or Title of 'LorAJohn Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking upon bimfeif the Title of Duke 0 fPerth, or so much of the said Debts as shall be remaining unsatisfied, according to the several Decrees in that Behalf respectively made by the Lords of Session in Scotland, and pursuant to an Act of the 25th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon, and to establish a Method of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are gs followeth £ viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the 5th Day of July 1759, all Persons may trade in, fell, or vend, any Goods or Wares, in which t he Quantity of Gold in any One separate and di-ftinct Piece of Goods or Ware shall not exceed Two Penny Weights, or the Quantity of Silver in any One separate and distinct Piece of Goods or Ware shall not exceed Five Penny Weights, without being liable to take out a Licence for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the 5th Day of July 1759, every Person who shall trade in, fell, or vend, Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares, in which any Gold or Silver shall be manufactured, and the Quantity of Gold in any One inch Piece of Plate, or Goods, or Ware,shall be of the Weight of Two Ounces or upwards, or the Quantity of Silver in any One such Piece of Plate, or Goods, or Ware, shall be of the Weight of Thirty Ounces or upwards, shall pay Five Pounds for each annual Licence, instead of the Forty Shillings now payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the 5th Day of July 1759, all Pawnbrokers trading in, vending, or felling. Gold or Silver Plate, and all Refiners of Gold and Silver, shall be obliged to takeout annual Licences, for each of which they shall pay a Duty of Five Pounds, instead of the Forty Shillings now payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sums to be paid for the said Licences, shall be applicable to the same Uses and Purposes, as the Sums charged on Licences by an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duty granted by an Act,made intheSixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, on Silver Plate,made, wrought, touched, allayed, or marked, in Great Britain, and for granting a Duty on Licences to betaken out by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate, and for diCcontinuing all Draw-. backs upon Silver Plate exported, ^nd for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the marking or stamping of Gold or Silver Plate, vyere applicable.

’ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Clatife in an Act, made in the 9th and 10th Years of t he Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to settle the Trade to Africa, for allowing, during a limited Time, a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported, and which Clause was to continue in Force for the Term of Thirteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which Clause, alter the Expiration thereof, was by an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign ofher late Majesty Queen Anne, revived and continued; and also a Proviso in the last mentioned Act contained, that no Drawback shall he allowed on the Exportation of any Copper, but such as had been, or should be, imported from the East Indies and the Coast of Barbary only; and which said Clause and Proviso, by several subsequent Acts of the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and of the 15th and 26th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, were continued until the 24th Day of June 1758, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an A cl, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kine-dom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for reducing the D11 ties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported, and for Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only, and that the Two Corporations of Afluranee, on any Suits brought on their Policies,shall be liable only to Angle Damages and Colts of Suit; as relates to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to the taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; which was to continue in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the 11th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Second, Eighth, Fifteenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Ileign of his present Majesty, hath been continued until the 24th Day of March 1758, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Preservation of his Majesty’s Woods in America, tmd for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the Importation of Mails, Yards, ami Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; as relates to the Premiums upon Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; which was to continue in Force from the 29th Day of September 1729, for the Term of Thirteen Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the 13th and 24th Years of his said Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 25th Day of December 1751, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another A A, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, was amended, and fmth r continued until the 25th Day of March 1758, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is uear expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for encouraging the Grovvth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force from the 25th Day of March 1735, until the 25th Day of March 1739, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the 11th, 19th, and 25th, Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 25th Day of March 1758, and from thence to

the

549

UiiitU

Estimare*

Excise

Law

Samples of Liquors taken by Excisemen.

Militia

Laws,

Wine

Licences,

3 2 Geo. II, 11°

the End of the then next Session of Parliament* is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comrttitteej That an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual fecuting the Duties now payable on foreign made Sail-cloth import ed into thisKingdom, and for charging all foreign made Sails with a Duty, and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first setting out to Sea* to be furnished with One complete Set of Sails, made of British Sail-cloth, which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of Jane 1746, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 175 8, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the Four first Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Samuel Martin, Sir Charles Mordaunt, and Sir George Savile, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in pursuant to the Five last Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Alderman DickinJbn, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bacon, and Mr, Charlton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for applying the Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing for the Militia, from 31st Day of December 1758, to the 25th Day of March 1760: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refoked, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Chdrlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for obviating a Doubt with respect to the summoning of Persons for Offences committed against, or Forfeitures incurred by, the Laws of Excise: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for reducing to a reasonable Price the Sum payable for Samples, taken to settle the Proof of imported exciseable Liquors: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enforcing the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, and for removing certain Difficulties, and preventing Inconveniences, attending, or which may attend, the same: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

A Bill to explain andamend an Act, passed in the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for granting to his Majesty several R ates and Dut ies upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as the same relates tofome Provisions with regard to Licences for retailing Wine; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesdaySe-vennight the 25th Day of this Instant^pri/, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol, 28.

The other Order of the Day heing react j

The House proceeded to take into Confuleration the Committee Report from the Committee, appointed to inquire into on the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this jyieaiUre». Kingdom, and to consider the Laws relating thereto j and to report their Obfenations thereupon, together with their Opinion of the moll effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future*

And the said Report was read; amj the Resolutions OF the Committee are as follpweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the EU ought to contain One Yard and One Quarter, according to the Yard mentioned in the Third Resolution of the former Committee, upon the Subject of Weights and Measures, agreed to by the House the 2d Jane 1758, and the Pole* or Perch, in Length Five such Yards and an Half, the Fiirlong 220* such Yards, and the Mile 1760 fiidh Yards.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That the superficial Perch should contain 30 Square Yards and a quarter, and the Rood should Contain 1210 Square Yards, and the Acre 4840 Square YardsUforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That according to the 4th, 5th, and 6th, Resolutions of the former Committee upon the Subject of Weights and Measures, agreed to by the House the id June 1758, the Quart ought to contain 70^ Cubical Inches, the Pint 35 and a Quarter, the Peck 564, and the BusheJ 2,256.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several Parts of the Pound, which is mentioned in the Eighth Resolution of the former Committee upon the Subject of Weights and Measures, agreed to by the House the 2d June 1758, examined and adjusted in the Prefence of this Committee, and herewith produced; viz. the Half Pound or Six Ounces, Quarter of a Pound or Three Ounces, Two Ounces, One Ounce, Two half Ounces, the Five Peny Weights, Three Peny Weights*

Two Peny Weight, and One Peny Weight, the Twelve Grains, Six Grains, Three Grains, Two Grains, and Two of One Grain each, ought to be the Models of the several Parts of the said Pound, and to he used for filing or adjusting Weights for the future.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That all Weights exceeding a Pound should be of Brafs;

Copper, Bell Meta], or Call Iron, and all those which shall be of Call Iron, should be made in the Form, and with a Handle of hammered Iron, such as the Pattera herewith produced, with the Mark of the Weight cast in the Iron; and all Weights of a Pound, or under, should be of Gold, Silver, Brass, Copper, or Bell Metal.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That all Weights of Cast Iron should have the initial JLetters of the Name of the Maker upon the tipper Bar of the Handle, and all other Weights should have the fame, together with the Mark of the Weight, according to the Standard, upon some convenient Part thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Yard, mentioned in the Second Resolution of the former Committee, upon the Subject of Weights and Measures, agreed to by the House the 2d June 1758, being the Standard of Length, and the Pound mentioned in the 8 th Resolution of the former Committee, upon the Subject of Weights and Measures, agreed to by the House the 2d June 1758, being the Standard of Weight, ought to be deposited in the Court of the Receipt of the Exchequer, and there safely kept under the Seals of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and of the Chief Baron, and the Seal of Office of the Chamberlains of the Exchequer, and not to be opened, but by the Order, and in the Presence, of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and the Chief Baron, for the Time being.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the moil effectual Means toascertain Uniformity in Measures of Length and Weight to be used throughout the Realm, would be to appoint certain Persons at one particular Office, with Clerks and Workmen under them, forthePurpose only offizing and adjusting, for the 7 A Ufo

5 jo I2° — 23d A. 1739.

TJfe of the Subjects, all \teaCures of Length, and all Weights being Parts, Multiples, or certain Proportions, of the Standards, to be used for the future.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thifc Committee, That a Model or Pattern of the said Standard Yard, mentioned in the Second Ilefolution of the former Committee, agreed to by the House 2d June 1758, And now in Cul-tody of the Clerk of the House; and a Model or Pattern of the Standard Pound, mentioned in the Eighth Resolution of the former Committee, agreed to by the House 2d June 1758, together with Models or Patterns of the Parts of the said Pound, now presented to the House, and also of the Multiples of the said Pound, mentioned in this Report, when the same are adjusted, should be kept in the said Office, in Custody of the said Persons to be appointed for fizing Weights and Measures, under the Seal of the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, for the Time being, to be opened only by Order of the said Chief Baron in his Presence, or the Presence of Oue of the Barons of the Exchequer, on the Application of the said Persons, for the Purpose of correcting and adjusting, as Occasion shall require, the Patterns or Models used at the saidOffice for fizing Measures of Length or Weight, delivered out to the Subjects.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Models or Patterns of the said Standard Yard and Standard Pound aforesaid, and also Models or Patterns Of the Parts and Multiples aforesaid, of the said Pound, should be lodged in the said Office, for the fizing of such Measures of Length or Weights, as being Parts, Multiples, or Proportions* of the said Standards, shall hereafter be required by any of his Majesty’s Subjects.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Measures of Lengths and Weights sized at the said Office, should be marked in some convenient Part thereof, with such Marks as shall be thought expedient, to shew the Identity of the Measures and Weights sized at the said Office, and to discover any Frauds that may be committed therein.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Office should be kept within a convenient Distance of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster,nu(i that all Measures of Length and Weights, within a certain Distance of London, shall he collected and re-affized, as Occasion shall require, at the said Office.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in order to enforce Uniformity in Weights and Measures to be used for the future, all Persons appointed by the Crown to Act as Justices of the Peace in any County, or City, or Town Corporate, being respectivelyCounties within themselves, throughout the Realm, should be impowered to hear, and determine, and put the Law in Execution, in respect to Weights and Measures only, without any of them being obliged to sue out aDedimus, or to act in any other Matter; and the said Commissioners should be empowered to fine and imprison, and to inflict or mitigate such Penalties as shall be thought proper, and have such other Authorities as shall be necessary for compelling the Use of Weights and Measures, agreeable to the aforesaid Standards.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Models or Patterns of the said Standard Yard and Pound, and of the Parts and Multiples thereof before mentioned, should be distributed in each County, in such Manner as to be readily used for Evidence, in all Cases where Measures and Weights shall be questioned, before the said Commissioners, and fqr adjailing the same in a proper Manner.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report, together with the Pn> ceedings of the House thereupon, be printed; and that Mr. Speaker do appoint the printing thereof: Arid that Mo Person, but such as he shall appoint, do prefuine to print the fame.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy thereof is with the Original.

Ordered, That the Troy Pound Weight, which, nnort the 4th Day of December last, was referred to the said Committee^ be locked up by the Clerk Of this House, and kept by him.

Ordered, That the several Weights, the Pattern of a Weight, and also the Model for a Handle of a Half hundred Weight, referred to in the said Report, be locked up by the Clerk of this House, and kept by him.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornewall have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of lire Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of Thomas Hopkins junior, Thomas Lucas, John Lucas the elder, John Lucas the younger:

And the said Petition was read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are now Prisoners irt Collody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, For a Brear.h of Privilege in entering upon and uflnga Fishery at Hadnock, in the Possession of Admiral Griffin, a Member of this House; artd expressing the PetitionersunfeignedSorrOvvforthe fame; and alleging, that their Confinement will be the inevita-bleRuin of themselves and Families: And therefore praying the House, That, in Consideration of their d;strefled Circumstances and Sorrow for their said Offence, they may be 'discharged from their Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Hopkins junior, Thomas Lucas, John Lucas senior, and John Lucas junior; be this Day brought to the Bar of this House, in order to their being discharged.

Thomas Hopkins junior, Thomas Lucas, John Lucas senior, and John junior, were, according to Order, brought to the Bar; where they, upon their Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, and were ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fees.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Seven-night the 23d Day of this Instant April, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Lun&y 2 30 die Aprilis;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759. Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Burnaby, from the Treasury, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account, {hewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1758 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 23d Day of April 1759, with the Overplus thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followed!; r/x.

Ak

Privilege

Difbofuion of Graor*.

s

t*

Am ACCOUNT shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1758, has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the

23d Day of April 1759; with the Overplus thereupon.

SERVICES.

CFor the Wages.-and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Viflualling thereof, for 60,000 Men, including 14,845 Marines, from the

I lft of January 1758

r ....

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea Officers -

J Towards carrying on the Works of the Hospital for sick and wounded Seamen, building at Hq/ler, near Gosport, for the Year 1758 -

v Towards carrying n the Works of the IIospital for sick and wounded Seamen, building near Plymouth, for the Year 1758 . Towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich ——

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty's Ships, for the Year 1758 -

Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy -

i w rFor Ordnance, Sea Service * - ....

)For L)° Land Service -

C < )For defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament -

'"For defraying the Charge of 53,777 Men, for Guards and Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1758

ao

O

o

0

eg’

n’

CD

CL

CT

o

o

o

o*

FT

For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals for his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1758 - For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and Providence, for the Year 1758 -

For defraying the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot 011 the Irish Establishment serving in North America and the East Indies, for the Year 1758 ——

For the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, upon Account -

For defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1758 - For Pensions to the Widows of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines -

For the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, upon Account -

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the Yeari757, and not pro-I vided for by Parliament -

' Towards enabling his Majesty to subsist and keep together the Army formed in his Electoral Dominions, acting in Concert with the King of Prttjlia - -- ..... -

For defraying the Charge of 2,120 Horse, and 9,900 Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of HeJJ'e Cajfel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for 60 Da\s, from the 25th Day of December 1757, to the 22d of February 1758, both inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the same Time, pursuant to Treaty -

For defray ing the Charge of D® for 60 Days, from tho 23d of February 1758, to the 23d of April following, both inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the same Time, pursuant to Treaty ——

For completing the Charge of the said Troops for 365 Days, from the 25th Day of December 1757, to the 24th Day of December 1758, both Days inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the said Time, pursuant to Treaty ——

To enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the King of Prussia, pursuant to a Convention, concluded April 11th 1758 For defraying the Charge of 38,000 Men of the Troops of Hanover, IVolfmbuttle, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Bnckkcburgh, together with that of General and Staff Officers, actually employed against the common Enemy, in Concert with the King of Prussia, from 24th November 1757, to 24th December 1758, inclusive ——

For defray ing the Chaiges of Forage, Bread Waggons, Train of Artillery, and Train of Provisions, Wood, Straw, fyc. and all other extraordinary Expences, Contingencies, and Lodes whatsoever incurred, and to be incurred, on Account of the said 38,000 Men, from the 28th November 1757, to 24th December 1758, inclusive -

H

o

To make good to his Majesty the like Sum, vrhich has been issued by his Majesty's Orders, pnrfaant to Addrefies Towards enabling the Governors of the Hospital for exposed and deserted youn" Children to receive all such Children as should be brought to the said Hospital before the lft Day of January 1759, and to continue to carry into Execution the good Purposes for which they were incorporated - -

Sums voted.

£. d. £

2,964,000

224,421 5 8

lOiOOOO

10,000 -

10,000

200,000 —

300,000

3,718,411 5 8

156,000 — —

181,505 10 —

210,301 17 3

547.807 7 3

>>253,368 18 6

37>45* 3 4

623,704 — 2

43,968 4 2

35,602

3>°9® 17 11

2,226

26,000 — —

H5>454 >5 — i

100,000 — —

38,360 19 ioj

3*>36o 19 10$

>65,175 4 >of

670,000

463,084 6 10

386,915 13 2

4.03*.77* 3 9i

: 31,000

40,000 -

Sums paid.

3,7»«,4*» 5

547.807 7 3

4.03«.77* 3 9t

31,000-----

40,000 -- —

Remains to be paid.

£ ' d*

on

Ui

32 Geo. II:

g

cq'

n'

CD

CL

cr

'C

CD

o

c§

rT

r supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1758 r defraying the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the said Colony of Nova Scotia in the Year 1756, and not provided

To enable his Majesty to diliharge the principal Sum of£.8oo,oooo, raisedin pursuance ofan Act made in thelaft Session of Parliament, and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted for the Service of the Year 1759, together with Interestfor the fame

For ~ ‘ ‘ ‘ *.....* ‘ ~ ——

For

for by Parliament, voted £.0,626 9s. pd but satisfied with For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame* from 04th Jitfie 1757* to the 24th of June 1758 -

Towaids the Re-building of London Bridge ——

Towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing for the Militia, for the Year 1758, and for defraying such Expences as were

actually incurred upon the account of the Militia, in the Year 1757

Towards carrying on the Works far fortifying and securing the Harbour of llft//or j -

For reimbursing to the Province of MaffUchufetts Bay, their Expences in furnishing Provisions and Stores to the Troops raised by them for his Majesty’s Service, for the Campaign in the Year 1756 -

For reimbursing to the Colony of Conncfticut, their Expences in furnishing Provisions and Stores to the Troops raised by them for his Majesty’s Service, for the Campaign 1756 ——

To the E'ijl India Company, towards enabling them to defray the Expence of a military Force in their Settlements - For repairing the Parish Church of St. Margaret, Westminster -

For maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa -

Towards the extraordinary Expence of his Majesty's Mint, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, 270 Georgii a41 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty 1756, at Lady-Day 1758 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax 1756, at Michaelmas 17 58 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1757 -

For Discount at the Rate of 3 per Cent, to the Contributors of £.5,000,000 raised by Annuities, and a Lottery, for the respective Sums paid into the Bank before the Days limited for Payment of the same ——

To the Bank, in Reward for receiving £. 4,500,000 for Annuities, and £.500,000 for a Lottery, and for the incident Charges attending the preparing and drawing the said Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and delivering out Certificates in Lieu thereof -To enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War incurred,or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1758, and lo take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappointor defeat any Enterprizes or Befignsof his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require ——

808,750 — 808,750 —

9.902 i — 9.902 5 —

6,6*6 711 6,626 7 u

3*557 *0 — 3.557 10 —

15,000 15,000

100,000 — — -

10,000 — — -

a7»38o 19 11} 37>380 *9 11}

»3.73<5 17 7 i3.*36 17 7

20,000 20,000

4,000 4,000

10,000 10,000

7.499 H 5 7.499 H 5

376,427 6 nf 376.427 6 n|

77,396 1 9 77.396 1 9

284,802 1 — 234,802 1 — -j

10,431 — 8 10,431 — 8

13,028 19 2 13,028 19 2L

800,000 — — 800,000 — —

1,968,540 1 10,808,540 1 i|

ert

cn

100,000 — — 10,000 — —

50,000 — —

Merhoi'andum: The Sum of £. 100,000 granted for defraying the Charge of the Militia, not having been iflbed at the Exchequer, although several Sums have been paid by the Receivers of the Land Tax for that Service, and have not been replaced to the Land Tax eut of the Supply for the Year 1758, that whole Sum remains in the Exchequer to attend such Claims as shall be made for that Purpose,the Surplus whereof is applicable to the Service of the Year 1759, by a Vote of the honourable House of Commons of the 3d Day of April 1759.

Remains of the Ways and Meant undisposed of j vit. Of the Sinking Fund -

Contributions to the Lottery -

Ways and Means for answering the find Services

*,000,000----- By 4s. per £. on Land.

750.000 ----- By the Malt Duties, continued Anno 1758.

*4-91,848 5 — Out of the Sinking Fund.

4,500,000 — — By Annuities at£. 3} per Cent, transferable at the Bank.

500.000 ----- By Lottery at £. 3 per Cent. D°.

800.000 ----- Charged on the next Aid* to be granted in Parliament.

11,041,848 5 — Total Way a and Means.

10,968,540 1 1$ Total Services.

73»3°8 3 *°i Overplus of Grants.

From-which deduct the Sums not paid as above Residue is the Surplus of the Grants for the Year 1758

[ 1 160,000 — 10,808,540 1

10,968,540 1 >1

£. d.

2*9,002 9 6|

4.S°5 H 3*-

233.38 3 io|

- 160,000 — —

73>S°8 3 io|

S'-

to aufwer Arrears of former Supplies, viz. £ * f

For the late Marine Regiments - African Company’s Creditors - 16,506 5 2*

- poo 12 10

Georgia Bills, Rdidue of£. 15,496. 19s. 1 id. - 608 — ll|

78,014 j8 11}

vj

Cr»

This Account, (luted in Obedience to his Majestyr» Command, upon im Addrsfs of this honourable llofcfev s» humbly prefenlcd, th>» Day of April 17^9, by

E, Burnaby*

Wiridington's

Eihres.

Chester's

JName.

UtTcklcy1

fcftates.

32 Geo. II. %i* Jpriiis:553

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Ordered, That Mr. Thomas G'ofc have Leave to go Lcnveof Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health. Absence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower certain Persons to enfranchise several customary Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the several Manors of Nicol Forest, Sol port, and Bew-castle, in the County of Cumberland, late the Estates of the honourable Catharine Widdrington, Widow, deceased, directed to be settled to certain Ufesby the Will and Codicil of the said Catharine Widdrington; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Geo.Onslow, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Vernon, Mr Bacon, Mr. Calvert, Mv. Burrell, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Bagot, Lord Pultney, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord Malpas, Mr. Fane, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Symons, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. ProwJc, Sir Nicholas Baily, Mr. Hanger, Colonel Gray, Mr. Jennings. Mr. Gore, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Hill, Lord Verney, Mr. Frederick, Sir Edmund Ijhamr Mr. Plumptre, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Harvey, Sir Jb///2 Cm/?, Mr. Fellowes, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Moore, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Medlycolt, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Cornewally Mr. ite//, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Vyner, MwIIumt, Mr. Coo Ac, Mr. Butler, Mr Veitch, Mr. Brijlowe, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Geo. Maimers, Mr. Mackay, Lord Villiers, Mr. Garth, Admiral Griffin, Mr..Gy6ft?7j, Sir Henry Erskine, Sir Geo. Savile; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lancaster, York, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Bagot, now called Charles Chester, and his Sons, to take the Surname of Chester, and for carrying an Agreement, therein mentioned, into Execution; and for explaining and altering that Agreement, and giving better Directions for carrying the fame, so explained and altered, into Execution; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Venables Vernon, Mr. Martin, Sir John Philipps, Mr. More, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte,’Mr. Fellowes, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Hammond, M r. Locke, Mr. Alexander, Colonel Gray, Mr. Mackay, Mr. Medlycotl, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Nor they, M r. Drake, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Butler, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Butler, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. fuller, S'wGeo. Yonge, Mr. Nugent, Sir William Irby, Mr. Prowse, Sir Tho. Clavering, Mr. Palmer, Sir NathanielCurxon, Mi\ Moore, Sir Roger Ncivdigate, Mr. Trijl, Sir William Owen, Mr. Hewett, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Frederick, Lord Geo. Manners, Mr. Rice, Lord Villiers, Mr. Harvey, Lord Malpas, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Scot, Mr. West, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Chester, Mr. Willy, Mr. Vyner, Mr. WilkinJ'on, Mr. Venables Vernon junior, Mr. Garth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Coventry, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Charlton, Lord North, Sir Robert Hildyard, Colonel Griffin, Sir Geo. Savile, Sir Matthew Featherjhmhaugh, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Sir Edmund Ifiam, Sir Nicholas Bailey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Caryll’s for the Sale of the Inheritance of Part of the settled Estates. Estate of John Cary Hi Esquire. in the County of Suffiex, to discharge Incumbrances a hefting the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bagot, Sir Edmund Ifliam, Mr. Fellowes,

Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Hammond, Lord Malpas, Mr. More;

Admiral Griffin, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Mackay, Mr. Gore, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Locke; Mr.

Budgen, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bull, Admiral Ojbom, Mr.

Sandys, Sir Nicholas Baily, Mr. Fane, Mr. Garth, Mr.

Brijlowe, Mr. Weflftiling, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Veitch,

Mr. Butler, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gajhry, Mr.

Stanley, Mr. Shelley, laird Geo. Manners, Mr. Bayntun,

Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Burrard, Sir John Cufi,

Mr. Hewett, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Price, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Hanger, Colonel Gray, Mr. Moore, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Honeywood;

Mr. Willy, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Sir William Owen, Mr.

Jennings, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Tempejl, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Jenyns;

Mr. Lambton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Van* fittart, Mr. Vyner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffix, Southampton, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clocks in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Bagot do make the Report from Desfofd the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in-. IftCl°Wrc« closing the open and common Fields of Desford, in the County of Leicester, and the Lands and Grounds therein, and also such Lands in the Lordship of Peckleton, in the 1

said County, as lie open to the said Fields, was committed.

Mr. Bagot accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of lhe Committ.ee, except George White, who is entitled to One-third, or at most One-half, of Sixty-seven Acres and an Half in the said Fields* and to One-third, or at most One-half, of the great Tythes of Part of the said Fields, who refused to lign the Bill; and except Four other Persons, who are entitled to Thirty Acres and Three Quarters in the said Fields; and also except One Cottager, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Fields, intended to be inclosed, con-fist of upwards of 7,000 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made lieveral Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed x to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feveially put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this tloufe, an Account o‘i Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, Sinking disposable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sink- Fading Fund, on the 5th Day of this lustant April.

Ordered, That all the Members who serve for the A Bill for continuing and reducing into Oue Act of in»pfifonmei.< Counties of Stafford and Derby, be added to the Coni- Parliament, the several Provisions relating to the Relief °* D6bror,# mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their tituled. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates Persons, and for amending, explaining, and rendering of Thomas Buckley, Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, more effectual, the fame, was read a Second time, for discharging an Incumbrance atfefting the feme, prior Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alto his Marriage Settlement, is committed. dennau Dickinson, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hammond, Sir

Vol. 28. 7 B John

Excise Laws.

Samples of Liquors taken by Excisemen.

Duties oni Silk.

Wear-

Navigation.

554 *3° — 24°

John Crqffle, Mr. More, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Garth, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Willy, Mr. Fotiereau, Sir William Owen, Mr. Fuller, Sir Cust, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Bacon, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gq/hry, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. LocJnjer, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Locke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Proufe, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Moore, Colonel Griffin, Mr. FelUmes, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hewelt, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Honeywood, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Vynei', Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Bull; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: A*id they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for obviating a Doubt with respect to the summoning of Persons for Offences committed against, or Forfeitures incurred by, the Laws of Excise, was. read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for reducing to a reasonable Price, the Sum payable for Samples, taken to settle the Proof of imported exciseable Liquors, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Memorial of the Silk Throwers of the City of London, to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and the Report of the Commissioners of the Customs thereupon, to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, be laid before this House.

An ingrossed Bill for making and completing the Navigation of the River Wear, from and including South Biddick, or Biddickford, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, as relates to making the said River navigable, between the said Two Places called South Biddick, or Biddickford, a^d New-bridge, in the County of Durham; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, to enable the Commissioners, appointed to put the Act in Execution, tc/ deepen and cleanse the River, from and including Biddickford, to a certain Wharf or Quay. t

And the said Clause was twice read with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause Aras read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 43. L. 29. Toleaveout from before" to upon," in L. 30. and insert instead thereof, 44 the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them

L. 32. After shall" to insert44 pay and for-" feit any Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds:" L. 33. To leave out " such Justice," and insert instead thereof the said Commissioners, or any * Seven or more of them."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Aprilis. A. 1759.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and completing the Navigation of the River Wear, from and including South Biddick, or Biddickford, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sundei'land, in the County of Durham, as relates to making the said River navigable between the said Two Places, called South Bkldick, or Biddickford, and Nczv-bridge, in the County of Durham.

Then the Blank, left in the Bill for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Tempest do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

' Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider. further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-morpow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 40 die Aprilis;

Anno 32° Georgii IIth Regis, 1759. Prayers.

SI R Robert Long reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the honourable Edward Bouverie, and William Bouverie, respectively, to make Leases of Chesters Key, and Brewers Key, and other Tenements and Buildings, in the City of London, devised by the Wills of Bartholomew Clarke, and Hitch Younge, Esquires, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction, of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Venables Vernon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Buckley, Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, fordif-charging an Incumbrance affecting the fame, prior to his Marriage Settlement, wras committed, That the Conir mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-fastiou of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House being informed, That Mr. Wilford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An-Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, disposable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th Day of April 1759.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To

Supply.

Wayi and Means.

BouvmVs

Eta,

Buckley’*

Elbtes.

Account of disposable Mosey.

Sunderland

Port.

Geo. II.

24

s.

55$'

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Av ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, disposable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th Day of April 1759.

The Money remaining in the Exchequer, disposable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th Day of Aptil 1759, amounts to the Sum of One hundred Eighty thousand and Seventy-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three Farthings.

Exchequer, the 24th Day of April 1759.

fcdwatd Wilford.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie tipoii the Table, to beperufed by the Membe rs of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act, made in the ,20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, as relates to the Port and Haven of Sunderland, and the River Wear, between South Biddick and Biddickford, and the said Port and Haven, was read the Third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, to oblige the Commi(boners for putting the Act in Execution, to take an Oath before they aft.

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks, One of which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third time, and amended.

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

- In the Lift cf Commissioners for putting the Act in Execution, to insert " William Aijlabie, Charles Brandling, Thomas Bates."

Then a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and mgde and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oathof Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Amendments following were also severally pro-. posed to be made to the Bill; viz.

In the Lift of Commissioners for putting the Act in Execution, to insertcc Cornelius Bentham, Thomas Bird, " Christopher Craggs, Thomas Dixon, William Femvick, " William Greemvell, John Hall, Ralph liarrifon, of " Whitburn, Sir William Lorain, Ralph Milbanke, Edzvard Milbanke, Mark Milbanke, John Milbanke, " Francis Milbanke, Acklombe Milbanke, C/irijtopher " Ne/ham, John Ilall Stephenson, Luke Salkeld, Francis " Thompjbn, Edward Wortley, Edxvard Wortley jnn\or, " IVadefon Ward, William Winship

Pr. 12. L. 6. To leave out " to qualify himself or M themselves>

Pr. 25. L. 36. To leave out from " notwithstanding" " and" in Pr. 26. L. 24.

to

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, an Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, as relates to the Port and Haven of Sunderland, and 1 he iver Wear, between South Biddick and Biddickford, and the said Port and Haven.

Then the Blank left in the ingrafted Clause, which was added by the House to the Bill, by way of Rider, for the Title of the Bill, was filled lip by the Clerk at the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

You 28.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have Agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tocontihuefo much of an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or difgtiiled in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of the Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; and to appropriate certain Penalties mentioned in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons whoihall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields and common Grounds of and in the Manorand Parish of Harm-fion, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Pastures, common and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ever ton, in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the high Road leading from Wctherby to Gra/fington, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing t he Road from the South End of the South-Street, in the Parish of South Mailing, near the Town of Laves, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence, through Firle Street under the Hill, to Long Bridge, in the Parish of Alfriston, in the County of Sussex, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open arable Fields, open Meadows, and common Pasture Grounds, in the Pa- rish of Sileby, in the County of Lcitester, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. Act Act for giving further time toTrustees therein named, to execute certain Trusts veiled in them, in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland in Trustees, order to sell the same to Protestant Purchasers,

Expiring

Laws.

Harmftoa

Inclosure.

Evcrtoa

Inclosur*.

Wetherby

to

tJraffingirn

Road.

South

Mailing

Road.

Sileby

Inclosur*

Plunkett’s and Knox's Estates.

m

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, settled and intailed on Denys quire, and his Issue, in him in Fee-simple; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County of Devon, of greater Value, to the same Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Mefi’engers withdrew.

Mr. Samuel Martin presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Memorial of the Silk Throwers of London, to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and also Report of the Commissioners of the Customs, 23d March 1759, on the Petition of thjg Silk Throwers of London, with

Draught

Rollers

Eltutes.

Duties o* Silk.

55 6 240 Aprilis. A 1759.

Draught ofa Clause for repealing the Duties now payable upon Raw short Silk or Capiton, and Silk Nubs or Hulks of Silk, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

And the Titles of the said Memorial and Report were read.

Ordered, That the said Memorial and Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Memorial and Report are preserved aroongst the other Papers of this Session.

Plymouth A Petition of the Land-owners and Inhabitants who Poor, pay to the Poors Rates in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, does, if his Majesty's Interest is concerned therein, recommend the Consideration of the said Petition to the House, and likewise gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; alleging* That, for many Years past, there hath been assessed and raised on the Land-owners and Inhabitants of the said Town, from time to time, before the Year 1757, several Sums of Money on account of the Land Tax, over and above what the said Town hath annually paid as their Quota; and taking Notice, that a Bill is now before the House, concerning the Poor of thesaidTown: And therefore praying, That such surplus Money as aforesaid, which now remains in the Hands of divers Persons, may be applied for the Use of the Poor of the said Town, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Andit is referred to Mr. Dicker, My. Cocks, Mr. Nugent, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Mr. Thornton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Heroett, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Probyn, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Pitt, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Symons, Lord Verney, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Rice, Mr. GaJIny, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Bozves, Mr. Gore, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Moore, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Mcdlycott, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Honcywood, Sir Lionel Pi Iking ton, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Francis Dajkwood, Mr. Harris, Sir EdmundIsham, Mr. Shewell, Sir John RuJJi-out, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Lamb-ton, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Hume, Mr. Dela-val, Mr. Trift, Mr. Coventnj, Mr. Townshend, Mr. FcL loiocs, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Plumptre\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternooq at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Duke of Ordered, That Lord Carysfort, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Lord Advocate of Scotland, and all the Members who ^cs* serve for the County of Salop, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Bucks, Northampton, Salop, and Stafford, devised by the Will of Evelyn, late Duke of Kingston, in the present Duke of Kingston, in Fee-simple, and for settling other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Nottingham, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, is committed.

Laflage, &c. An ingrossed Bill to continue, amend, explain and,

Thames. render more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames; and *9

for the more effectual pre senting the putting of Rlibbiib, Earth, Sand, Allies, Filth, Dirt, or Soil, into the said River, from any Wharf, Quay, or Bank, adjoining to or near the said River, or from or out of any Barge or Lighter, or being laid in the Streets, Lanes, or Passages in London, and the Liberties thereof, or in the Suburbs thereof in Middlesex, or in the City of Westminster, or the Liberties thereof, or being swept into, or carried down, the Kennels or Channels, in the said Streets, Lanes, or Passages, into the said River; and to allow the Shipping of a certain Quantity of Dung, Compost, Earth, or Soii, from the Lay Stalls in London; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for inflicting pecuniary Penalties on Persons offending against the Act:

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames; and to prevent putting of Rubbifii, Allies, Dirt, or Soil, into the said River, and in the Streets, Passages, and Kennels in London, and in the Suburbs thereof in Middlesex, and in Westminster, and such Part of the Duchy of Lan-casier as is in Middlesex; and for* allowing a certain Quantity of Dung, Compost, Earth, or Soil, to be yearly iliipped as Ballast from the Lay Stalls in London, on board any Collier or Coasting Vessel.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That the last of the Refolu- s°pply« tions, which, upon Tuesday the ioth.Day ofthislnftanfc April, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, might be read:

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth $ viz.

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand " Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards carrying " on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour " of Milford.'

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution; and also to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act, for applying a Sum of Money, granted in this Session of Parliament, towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke: And that Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ojwald, Mr. Townshend, the Lord Harry Fowlet, Mr. Charles Frederick, Mr. Cocks, and Mr. Wilkinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Parish prevent Tenants or Occupiers of Tenements, under a Settlcam certain yearly Rent, from gaining a Settlement in any Parish, Town, Hamlet, or Place, by being the re rated in, or by, any Land Tax Assessment, and paying, for the Landlord, the Money by such Land Tax Assessment charged: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Richard Lloyd, and Mr. Hammond, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,'An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, settled and intailed on Denys Rolle, Esquire, and his- Issue, in him, in Fee-simple; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the said County of Devon, of greater Value, to the same Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

Mr.'

32 Geo. II. 240 — 250 Aprilis. 537

perby, &c Mr. Venables Vernon reported from the Committee, Ordered, That the Debate be further adjourned till

Road' to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road this Day two Months, from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, to

the Town of Uttoxeter, and from thence to t lie Town of The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Con- Encoarage-Nezvcajtle under Li/ne, in the County of Stafford, was sideration the Report from the Committee of the whole committed, That the Committee had examined the Al- House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act camciu legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and of the 29th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed speedy and effectual Manning of his Majesty’s Navy, him to report to the House; and he read the Report in was committed;

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Amendments, in at the CIerk'sTable: Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Con- Committee of the whole House. sideration after the House shall have proceeded upon the Resolved, I hat this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Orders of the Da v. ing next, resolve itfclfintoa Committee of the whole

Supply Bill; Mr. Samuel Martin pro fen ted to the House, accord-consolidating ing toOrder, a Bill for addingeertain Annuities, granted

nnui ics. jn t|le Year ! 757, to the joint Stock of Three per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Act of the 25th, 28th, and 29th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking Fund; and for charging the Annuities on lingle £/ives, granted in the Year 1 757, on the Produce of the said Fund: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill b& read a Second time.

'Militia . A Bill for apply ing the Money granted, ill this Sef-

Litimate. f]on of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing for the Militia, from 3ill Day of De-camber 1758, to the 25th Day of March 1760, was read a Second time. !

Resolved', That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Cary IPs ’ Ordered, That Sir Matthew Fe otherflonhaugh, Mr.

Estate. Holt, Mr. Thar (by, be added to the Committee, to \yhom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Inheritance of Part of the settled Ellate of John Caryll Esquire, in the County of Sussex, to dif-. charge Incumbrances affecting the fame, is committed.

Militia Laws. A Bill for enforcing t he Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia; and for removing certain Difficulties, and preventing Inconveniences, attending, or which may attend, the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Expiring Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen

Laws; who are appointed to prepare, and bring, in a Bill, or Copper, Sec. 3iJ]s, pursuant to the Five lait of the Resolutions, which, upon Thursday [he 12th Day of this instant April, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Biils, forgiving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indendures or Contracts of Clerks and Appentices; and for allowing farther Time for the making and filing of Affidavits of the the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Insolvent The House, according to Order, resumed theadjourn-

Dtbtors. ed Debate upon the Motion made upon Thursday the 12th Day of this instant April, That the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors, be committed.

V01. 28.

House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report putl1 from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the Town mid Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on Work and maintaining the m

there: and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty,

of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon*, and for applying, for the Relief of the Poor in

the said Workhouse, certain surplus Monies, which have formerly arisen by the Assessments for raising the Land Tax in the said Town; was committed; be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Order made this Day, for taking into Confided- Derbv, &c. tion the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill Road, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby, in the Coithty of Derby, to the Town of Uttoxeter, and from thence to the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-groft’ed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 50 die 'AprMs \

Anno 320 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

Mil. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom Cobby the Hill for dividing and inclosing several open Inclosiirt. Fields and commonable Lands within the Manor and Parilli of Coleby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Aliega-gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that. the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made # several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

7 C Mr.

558 as* April 1759.

Plymouth Mr. Dicker reported from the Committee, to whom Poor. the l>etition of the Land-owners and Inhabitants who pay to the Poor’s Rates in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Henry Tolcher Esquire was examined, and said, That for many Years pall there have been raised on the Land-owners and Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Plymouth, from time to time, before the Year 1757, several Sums of Money, on account of the Land Tax, above what hath been annually paid, as the Quota of the said Town and Borough to the Land Tax for the said County.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen^zzrt^, intituled, An Act for erecting a Work house in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on Work and maintaining them there; and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon; and for applying, for the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse, certain surplus Monies, which have formerly arisen by the Assessments for raising the Land Tax in the said Town; was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That the Report which was*made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Land-owners and Inhabitants, who pay to the Poor’s Rates in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, whoseNamesare thereunto subscribed, was referred, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Ordered, That it be an lnltruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Petition.

Desford. An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Inclosure. an(j common Fields of Desford, in the County of Lei-refer and the Lands and Grounds therein; and also such Lands in the Lordship of Peckleton, in the said County, as lie open to the said Fields; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Desford, in the County of Leicester, and the Lands and Grounds therein; and also such Lands in the Lordship of Peckleton, in the said County, as lie open to the said Fields.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Melfage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

Brtedon, &c. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Breedon, Tonge, and Wilson, in the Manor of Breedon, and County of Leicester, and certain commonable and walte Grounds within the respective Liberties thereof, without any Amendment: And also,

EastCotham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Iadofurt. for inclosing and dividing the common Fields in the Manor of East Gotham, in the County of York, and extinguishing the Right of Warren of the Lord of the said Manorin Part ofaTraft of Ground, called th*Sea Batts, 17

or Coney Warren, in Eafi Gotham aforesaid, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Thistleton for dividing and inclosing the open Fieldsand Meadows, Indofuie. common Pallure, and walte Grounds, in the Manor of Thifileton, in the County of Rutland, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Walley'i enable William Walley and others to sell and convey Estate* Three undivided Fourth Parts of a Messuage or Farm, and several Pieces or Parcels of Land and Hereditaments, lying in or near the Parish of Hayes, in the County of Kent, unto the Right honourable William Pitt, in Fee-simple; and for in vetting the Purchase-money in other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Lfes. and Estates as the said Three undivided Fourth Parts are now subject; and to enable the Trustees named in the Will of William Cleaver the elder, deceased, to convey certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, in the

Parish of Hayes aforesaid, Part of the Estate devised by the Will and Codicil of the said William Cleaver, unto the said William Pitt, in Fee-simple, in Exchange for Part of the said First-mentioned Lands: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Buckley’i for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Thomas Buckley Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, for discharging au Incumbrance affecting the fame, prior to his Marriage Settlement, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Venables Vernon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the? fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords intituled, An Act Bouverie’s to impower the honourable Edward Bouverie and Wit- EA*1* harn Bouverie respectively, to make Leases of Chester's Key, and Brezvers Key, and other Tenements and Buildings, in the City of London, devised by the Wills of Bartholomew Clarke and Hitch Younge, Esquires,deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Nor they do carry Uie Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Complaint being made to the House, That, in Privilege. Breach of the Privilege of this House, Robert Vaux, Son of Robert Vaux of New Bond Street, in the Liberty of Westminster, Sadler, did, on or about the 27th Day of Mat'ch last, enter upon a certain Bay or Dam, at. Hare-field, in the County of Middlesex, the Property of George Cooke Esquire, a Member of this House, and did forcibly tear up and remove from the said Bay or Dam a Sill, fixed therein, being the antient Standard whereby the Quantity of Water was ascertained that ought of Right to flow over a certain Part of the said Bay into the Stream adjoining; and did also cut up, and take away, a Weir erected on the said Bay or Dam.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Waller’s to enable William Walley and others to sell and convey Three undivided Fourth Parts of a Messuage or Farm, and several Pieces or Parcels of Land and Hereditaments, lying in or nearthe Pari fli of//<?;/£.*, in the County of Kent, unto the Right honourable William Pitt, in Fee-simple; and for investing the Purchase-money in other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses and Estates as the said Three undivided Fourth Partsare now subject to; and to enable the Trustees named in the

Will

.J

3 2 Geo. II. 2 5V~260 Aprilis. 559

Will of William Cleaver the elder, deceased, to convey certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, in the Pari flt of Hayes aforesaid, Part of the Estate devised by the Will and Codicil of the said William Cleaver, unto the said William Pitt, in Fee-simple, in Exchange for Part of the said First-mentioned Lands; was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Parish The House was moved. That the Order made Yester-Scuicmcnis. day, for Leave to bring in a Bill to prevent Tenauts, or Occupiers of Tenements under a certain yearly Rent, from gaining a Settlement in any Parish, Town, Hamlet, or Place, by being the re rated in, or by any Land Tax Assessment, and paying for the Landlord the Money by such Land Tax Assessment charged, might be read: And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent any Persons from gaining a Settlement in any Parisl), Town, Hamlet, or Place, by being the re rated, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tux, and paying to the fame: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Hammond, and Mr. Fonereau, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Stealing A Bill for the more effectual preventing the Stealing of Dogs, of Dogs, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. liefolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

liefolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, - upon the said Bill.

urby Kendal Sir James Lowther reported from the Committee, to Roads, whom the Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from the Town of Kirby Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, by Sizergh Fell Side, to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the Town oi Millthrop, to Dixes, and from the Town of Millthrop aforesaid to Hang Bridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road at the Guide Post near Clawthrop Hall, in the County aforesaid, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wine The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Licence*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and other Purposes in the said Act xpentioned; so far as the same relates to some Provisions with regard to Licences for retailing Wine;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for preserving the Privileges of the Two Universities, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and either of them, and of the Chancellors and Scholars of the fame, and their Successors, which they have heretofore used and enjoyed with respect to Licences for retailing Wine.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 28.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Excise Law9. Committee of the whole House-, upon the Bill for obviating a Doubt with respect to the Summoning of Persons for Offences committed against, or Forfeitures incurred by, the Laws of Excise.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Samples Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reduc- Liquors fog to a reasonable Price the Sum payable for Samples taken to settle the Proof of imported exciseable Liquors.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- ^av9 and ing next, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned. - or privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 26° die Aprilis;

Anno 32° Georgii 1141 Regis, 1759.

Pr AYERS.

HE Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee, Name, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enab!e Arthur Hill Esquire, and Arthur his Son, and their Issue Male, to take the Name and Arms of Trevor, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir John Morgan reported from the Committee, to Dobyn’s whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Name. Act to enable Robert Dobyns Esqu ire, now called Robert

Yate, and his First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Yate, in pursuance of the Will of Walter Yale Esquire, deceased, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

M v Bicker reported from the Committee, to whom the Plymouth Bill to explain,araend, and render more effectual,an Act, Poor-passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen

2(5® Aprilis.

A. 1759.

Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for erecting aWorkhouse in 1 he Town and Borough o{'Plymouth, in the Conntv of Devon, and for setting the Poor on Work and maintaining them there; and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates o {Devon; and for applying, for the Relief of the Poor in the said Work house, certain surplus Monies, which have formerly arisen by the Assessments for raising the Land Tax in the said Town; was re-committed; That the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed , to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Clyde The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Navigation. for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the said River from the said City to the Village of Go/bells, without any Amendment: And also,

Guildford The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Streets. for establishing, regulating, and maintaining, a Nightly Watch, and for enlightening the open Places and Streets, within the Town of Guildford,in the County of Surrey, without any Amendment. J

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Expiring Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, oc-Laws; cording to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws there-Copper, &c. mentioned, relating to allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and reducing other Duties; to the Premium upon Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America-, and to seeming the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for enlarging the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, and Apprentices, or Servants, and for making Affidavits of the Execution of ArticlesorContraclsofClerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and filing thereof: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Derby, be. An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road. Road from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby,

% to the Town of Ultoxeter, and from thence to the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titlebo, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Venables Vernon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Barton Mr. Hexvett reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing several open and common Fields, common Meadows, common Paftnres, and commonGrounds, in the Manor or Lordship of Rtf r/cw, otherwise Barton in Fubis, in the several Pariilies of Barton and Clifton, in the County of Nottingham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Part ies concerned had given their Corifent t > the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the House thall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for take^by reducing to a reasonable Price the Sum payable for Exciiemcn. Samples taken to settle the Proof of imported exciseable Liquors, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had ma le to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Hotife.

Ordered, That the said Bill here-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hexvett reported from the Committee, to whom Duke of the ingrossed Bill born the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in lilulC: the Counties of Bucks, Northampton, Salop, and Stafford, devised by the Will of Evelyn, late Duke of Kingston,in the present. Duk e#of Xingston,iuFee-fimpie, and for settling other Manors, Lauds, and Hereditaments, in the County of Nottingham, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Ulbs, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: Aud he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That lie had a Message from his Majesty to this the Kb; House, signed by his Majesty; and be presented-the Anuim same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker; all the Members of the House being uncovered; and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE It.

His Majesty being sensible of the Zeal and Vigour with wdiicii his faithful Subjects in North America have exerted themselves, in Defence of his Majesty’s jnft Rights and Possessions, recommends it to this House, to take the same into Consideration, and to enable his Majesty to give them a proper Compilation,'for the Expences incurred by the respective Provinces, in the Levying, Cloathing, and Pay, of the Troops raised by the fame, according as the active Vigour anditrenuous Efforts of the respective Provinces shall jnfily appear to merit. q

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That his Majesty’s most gracious Message be referred to the Considerat ion of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Bill for adding certain Annuities, granted in the SupriyB’H; Year 1757, to the joint Stock of Three per Centum confix Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, Annuiu* and 29th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking Fund; and for charging the Annuities on Angle Lives, granted in the Year 1 757, on the Produce of the said Fund; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

ie

32 Geo. II. 16* — -27° , 561

Resolved, That this House w?l!, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilt

Mefla^e Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the from the House, That he had a Message from his Majesty to this Haft* India Houk* figimd by his Majesty; and he presented the same Afairi. *° ^he House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker; all the Members of the House being uncovered; and is as followeth: viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty being defirotis that a proper Strength may be employed in the Settlements of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, recommends to this House to enable his Majesty to a (Tift the said.Compa«y in defraying the Expence of a Military Force, in the East Indies, to be maintained by them in lieu of the Battalion commanded by Colonel Adlercron, withdrawn from thence, and now returned to Ireland, q

Ordered, That his Majesty’s moil gracious Message he referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Coleby An ingrossod Bill for dividing and inclosing several laclosure. »open Fields and Commonable Lands within the Manor and Parish of Coleby, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act fordividingand inclosing several of<m Fields and commonable Lands within t he Manor and Parish of Coleby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Importation Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

etOambricki, thermore dTectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cam bricks and French Lawns: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. West, Mr. Scmuel Marlin, and Mr. Charlton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Militia The Order of the Day being read, for the Hoqfe to Pay and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Cloathing. the Bill for applying the Money granted, in thisSeflhm of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing for the Militia, from 31st Day of December 1758,10 the 25th Day of March 17.60;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

Militia The Order of the Day being read, for the Ilonfe to Laws. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ,the Bill for enforcing the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, and for removing certain Difficulties, and, preventing Inconveniences, attending, or which , may attend, the same;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Wine The House resolved itself intoa Committee of the whole

Licences. House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the* 30th Year of his, present Majesty’s Reign, for . granting tQ his Majesty several Rates^md Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; andother Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far aslhe same relates to feme Provisions with regard to Licences for retailing Wine.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they baddire6led him to report, when the House will: please to receive thefamer Vol, 28,

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order made this Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several open and common Fields, common Meadows,common Pastures, and common Grounds, in the Manor or Lordfiiip of Barton, otherwise Barton in Fabis, in the several Parishes of Barton and Clift on, in the County of Nottingham, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon th<j Orders of the Day, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for applying the Money granted, in thisSellion of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay a nd Cloathing for the Militia, from 3 Tfl Day of December 1758,to the 25th Day of March 1760;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker ivfumed the Chair.

M r. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enforcing the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, and for removing certain Difficulties, and preventing Inconveniences, at- tending, or which may attend, the fame,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

M r. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend* ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-t port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1eneris, 2 7* die Alprilis*, -

Anno 320 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759,

P BAYERS.

A BILL for the better preventing the Importation of the Woollen Manufactures of France into any of the Ports in the Levant Sea, by, or on the behalf of any of his Majesty’s Subjects, was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-ning aext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from the Town of Kirkby Kendal, in the 7 D County

Barton

inclosure.

Militia Pay andl CLothio* i

Mili tit' Law*,

Levant

Trade,

Kirkby

Kendal

ftokdi.

u.

Wine

Licences,

farifli

settleioents.

MiTitia

and

Cloathing.

Miiiria

Laws.

562

2 7° Aprilis,

d 175 9*

County of Westmoreland, by Sizergh Fell Side, to Le-vais Bridge, and from thence through the Town of ;!////-(hrof) to Dixcs, and from the Town of Mi III hr of a to re-fa id to Hang Bridge, and from thence to join the Heron SykeTurnpike Hoad at the Guide Poji, near Clawthrop Hall, in the County aforesaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from the South-weft End of Nether Bridge, in the County of Westmoreland, by Sizergh Fell Side, to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the Town of MUG thro/) to Dixes, and from the Town of M tilth rap a so re- said to Hang Bridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road at the Guide Poji, near Claw-Hire}) IlalL, in the County aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. George Delavaldo carry the Bill to ' the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, pasted in the 30th Year of his present. Majesty’s Reign, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and otiier Deeds; and upon News Papers, Advert ife-ments, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as the same relates to some Provisions with regard to Licences for retailing Wine; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent any Persons from gaining a Settlement in any Parish, Town, Hamlet, or Place, by being the re rated, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, and paying to the fame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

llefolved. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. John Pill, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for applying the Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing for the Militia, from 31st Day of December 1758, to the 25th Day of March 1760, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Pitt, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enforcing the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, and for removing certain Difficulties, and preventing Inconveniences, attending, or which may attend, the fame, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a

Second time, one by one; and, upon ibe Question fc-veraliy put t hereupon, were agreed to by the llotifr.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitule d, An Act siapfna for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Indoiur*. Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and W'afte Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Slaptcn, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for &rhf impowering Henry Arthur Earl of Pcivis, and Barbara ?uWlss Countess of Pozvis, to make Leases of the Eftqfe late of William Marquis of Pcxvis, deceased. in the County of Montgomery, for Twenty-one Years, or Three Lives, at the improved Rent: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act Suhring’i for naturalizing John Christian Suhring and John Henry ^a1, Suhring: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir John Philipps prefen ted to the House,according to Order, a Bill for applying a Sum of Money granted, n Harbour, this Session of Parliament, towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke; and to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act of last Session of Parliament, fur apply ing a Sum of Money for fortifying die said Harbour: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Eflaic.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earlof for impowering Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, and Barbara Countess of Powis, ta make Leases of the Eftnte late of William Marquis, of Pcxois, deceased, in the County of Montgomery, for Twenty-one Years, or Three Lives, at the improved Rent, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Christian Suhring and John Henri} N«. Suhring was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render PlvmooA more effectual, an Act, pasted in the Sixth Year of the Aw. Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on Work and maintaining them there; and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon; and for applying, for the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse, certain fhrplus Monies which have formerly arisen by the Assessments forraifing the Land Tax in the said Town; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act, pasted in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor 0*

Work and maintaining them there; and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalt}' of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon; and for applying, for the Relief of the Poor in t he said Workhouse, certain surplus Monies, which have formerly arisen by the Assessments for raising the Land Tax in the said Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Dicker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Conqurrence.

' The

3 2 Geo. II. 270 — 30* 563

T aws The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re* per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the

Huri^Rates ^ve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House,‘upon 25th, 28th, and 29th Years of his present Majesty *s u ‘ the Bill to explain, amend, and render effectual, so Reign; and for carrying the several Duties therein men-much of an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present tioned to the Sinking Fund; and for charging the Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to restrainand prevent Annuities on fmgle Lives, granted in the Year 1757, the excessive Increase of Horse Races, and for amending on the Produce of the said Fund, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for the more eifeclual preventing of excessive Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Commits*

and deceitful G anting, as relates to the Increase of Horse Elections be adjourned.

Races, and so far as the same is now in Force; Privilege#,

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Two And then the House adjourned till Monday

Months, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole Morning next, Nine of the Clock. \

House, upon the said Bill, __________

Supply. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House Mean#, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 17 58 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 2,3d Day of April 17.59, with the Overplus thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, disposable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th Day of April 1 759, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That' they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read:

Samples Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

of Liquors ing next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole Excisemen. Hol,fe> upon the Bill for reducing to a reasonahie Price e '* the Sum payable for Samples taken, to settle the Proof of imported exciseable Liquors.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

coniolidating ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Annuities. House, upon the Bill for adding certain Annuities, granted in the Year 1757, to the joiqt Stock of Three

Vol. 28.

Luna30° die Apr ills;

Anno 320 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rolle’t for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Estates. Counties of Cornwall and Devon, settled and intailed on Denys Rolle Esquire, and his I due, in him, in Fee-simple; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the said County of Devon, of greater Value, to the same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fellowes,

Sir Edmund If ham, Mr. Bud gen. Sir Charles Mar daunt.,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Drake, Mr. Symons, Mr. Chester, Mr. Brndcnell, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr.

Affleck, Sir Geo. Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Amcolts, Card Verney, M r. Pitt, M r. Gajhry, M r. More, Mr. Vyner, M r.

Ilezvett, Mr. Cal/horpe, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Hammond, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Wilkinson,

M r. Probyn, M r. Coventry, M r. Colcbrooke, Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Gage, Sir John Morgan, Lord Carysfort, Sir Geo. Savile, Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Francis Poole; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall,

Sbmcrfet, Dorfel, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speak* er’s Chamber,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hill'* to enable Arthur Hill Esquire, and Arthur his Son, Name, and their Ilfue Male, to take the Name and Arms of Trevor, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act D.bvn'a to enable Robert Dobyns Esquire, now called Robert Yale, Name, and his First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to takeaud use the Surname of Yate, in pursuance of the Will of Walter Yate Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment,

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Br.rton open and common Fields, common Meadows, common I»closure* Pastures, and common Grounds, in the Manor or Loru-snip of Barton* otherwise Barton in Fab is, in the several Parishes of Barton and Clifton, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; vfc,

Pr. 2. L. 37. After " Reftorial" to infei t u Vica-€t ricil," and to leave out " Great," and insert " other," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Qeeftion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the T able accordingly.

Resolved,

Cary 11*5 Elhte.

Widdiington’i

Estates.

Tmnrifonment of Debtors.

Walley's Eft ate.

564 3 0° Aprilis. 1759.

Resolved, That the Bill c?o pass: Ami that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several open and common Fields, common Meadow^, common Padures, and common Grounds, in the Manor or Lordship of 2h/r/ow, otherwise Barton in Fabis,in the several Parishes of Barton and Cl fton, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Hcweti do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Inheritance of Part of the settled Eft ate of John CarylL Esquire, in the County of Sussex, to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Vaughan reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower certain Personsto enfraichifefeveral customary Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the several Manors of Niro I Forest, Solport, and Bew Cajtle, in the County of Cumberland, late the Estates of the honourable Catherine Widdrington, Widow, deceased,directed £0 be settled to certain Uses by the Will and Codicil of the said Catherine Widdrington; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and reducing into One A 6t of Parliament the several Provisions relating to the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and for amending, explaining, and rendering more effectual, the fame, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to oblige Debtors charged in Execution for any Debt or Demand not exceeding a certain Sum to any One Creditor, to discover, on Oath, their Estates and Effects, and to assign over the same for the Benefit of their Creditors.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Walley, and others, to sell and convey Three undivided Fourth Parts of a Messuage or Farm, and several Pieces or Parcels of Land and Hereditaments, lying in or near the Parish of Hayes, in the County of Kent, unto the Right honourable William Pitt, in Fee-simple; and for investing the Purchase Money in other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses and Estates as the said Three undivided Fourth Parts are now subjetft to; and to enable the Trustees named in the Will of William Cleaver the elder, deceased, to convey certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, in the Parish of Hctyes aforesaid, Part of the Estate devised by the Will and Codicil of the said William Cleaver, unto the said William Pitt, in Fee-fimpie, in Exchange for Part of the said First-mentioned Lands; was read a Second time.

Befulved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Thorolon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sir Geo. Montgomery Mel ham, Mr.

Stanley, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Ilennj Grenville, Lord Verney, Mr. Rice, Lord Fane, Mr. Hume, Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Crafier, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Martin, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Hanger, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Prorvfe, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Wil*

Ham Owen, Mr. Butler, Lord Geo. Manners, Mr. James Grenville, Lord Middleton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. OIndus,

Mr. Bidler, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Dicker, Mr. More, Sir . Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. AUorney General, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Caltliorpe*

Mr. Vaughan; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Middlesex, and Surrey; and for tire Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and areas followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That-a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thoustind Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to be paid to the United Company of Merchants of England tvs^ ding to the East Indies, towards enabling them to defray the Expence of a Military Force in their Settlements, to be maintained by them, in lieu of the Battalion of his Majesty’s Forces,commanded by Colonel Ad-lercron, withdrawn from thence, and now returned to -

Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to give a proper Compensation to the respective Provinces in North America, for the Expences incurred by them in the Levying, Cloathing, and Pay, of the Trdops raised by the fame, according as the active Vigour and strenuous Efforts of the respective Provinces shall bethought by his Majesty to merit.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a . Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question Toeing put,

That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellersforth.YeaS -S^, J

Teller, for the Noes.J } 2'6-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. Waple and Mr.

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Afil to continue, amend, explain, and render more effectual, jnsthe

an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his pre- Tlume*. sent Majesty, for the better Regulation of Laftageand Ballastage in the River Thames; and to prevent putting of Rubbifti, Ashes, Dirt, or Soil, into the said River, and in the Streets, Passages, and Kennels, in London, and in the Suburbs thereof, in Middlesex, and in Westminster, and such Part of the Duchy of Lancaster as is in Middlesex', and fur allowing a certain Quantity of Dung.Compost, Earth, or Soil, to be yearly shipped as Ballaftfrom the Layftalls in London, on board any Collier, or coasting Vessel; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lordk have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stretford's for amending and widening the Roads leading from Stret-ford's Bridgefm the County of Hereford, to the New Inn, 03

in the Parish of Winflanfow, in the County of Salop; and also thp Road fjom Blue Mantle Hall, near Mortimer's Crcf \ to Aqinjtrey, in the said County &fHereford, and for repealing fu much of an made in the 22d Year of the Roigii of his present Majesty, us relates to the

Road

Modbury,

&c.

Road.

East India Affairs.

Way 3 and Means.’

Barnsley,

&c.

Road.

Encouragement of Seamen.

32 Geo. II. 30d Aprilis. 565

Road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymjlrey Bridge, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bilf, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury, through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Lincotta Lane, in the County of Devon, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of the Disposition of the Money granted, in the last Session of Parliament and in the preceding Session, towards defraying the Expence of a Military Force, for the Defence of the Forts and Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred Eighty thousand and Seventy-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, dif-pofable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5thDay of Ajrril 1759* be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Seventy-three thousand Three hundred and Eight Pounds Three Shillings and Ten Pence Farthing, now remaining in the Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1758, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh to a Rivulet, called Barugh Brook, in the said County; was re-committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: And afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

A Petition of the undersigned Persons, belonging to his Majesty’s Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, for and on behalf of many of his Majesty’s Subjects of those Islands, Owners of, and interested in, Privateers fitted out from the same, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That those Islands lie in the midst of the British Channel, and within Sight of the French Coast, and that those Islanders have now and in former French Wars embarked their Fortunes in fitting out small Privateers, which run in close to the French Shores, and, by making their Vessels resemble the French fishing Boats, and not to appear like Privateers, or likeShips of Force, or giving any Alarm to the Coast, they hav.e taken many Prizes from the French to their own private Advantage, to the Annoyance of the French Coasting Trade, and to the great Benefit of this Nation, not only in the Value of the

Vol. 28.

Prizes so taken, and in distressing the Enemy, but also far more considerably in gaining materia! Intelligence of the Enemy’s Designs on several Important Occasions; and that these Services cannot be performed by large Vessels, who dare not approach so near to the Coast; and the very Appearance of which alone would be a sufficient Notice and Alarm to the French, who would instantly, by Signals, communicate such Alarm all along ' their Coast; and that the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is now depending in the House to prohibit Privateers of small Burthen and Force, which the Petitioners humbly conceive, if extended to Privateers belonging to those Islands, would ruin the Persons who have invested their Fortuues in small Privateers; and would not only deprive this Kingdom of the before-mentioned Advantages, but would also produce many and great Disad -vantages to Great Britain, by the Numbers of like small Privateers, which in such same the Enemy would then spread over the Channel, to the great Annoyance of the Navigation and Commerce of this Kingdom, and which they have of late been pretty generally prevented from fending out: And therefore praying, That such Privateers as do, or shall really and truly, and without any Deceit, belong to the Inhabitants of the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, may be wholly excepted out of the said Bill, or that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against such Bill, and may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend the Act of the 29th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy, is re-committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Three several Acts of the 26th, 28th, and 30th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into aCommitte§of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Act of the 29th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy ami effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upun Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole FIoufe, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order made this Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnfey Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also the Road from the Guide Pojt in Barugh to a Rivulet, called Barugh Brook, in the said County; was recommitted; after the House 111 ould have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration after the House shall have proceeded upon the postponed Order of the Day.

1 7 E The

General

Turnpike

Act«.

Encourage*^ ment of Seamen.

Supply.

\Ays and Means.

Barnsley,

&c.

Road.

30° Aprilis. — 1° Mali.

A. 1759.

Encouragement of Seamen.

Bsrafley,

See.

Road.

Committee

of

Privileges.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Act of the 29th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

ResolvedThat this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order made this Dav. for taking into Consideration the Report from the Cfommittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross-, and also the Road from the Guide Poji in Bar ugh, to a Rivulet, called Barugh Brook, in the said County; was recommitted; after the House should have proceeded upon the postponed Order of the Day, being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and selections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Wcgg’s

Maces.

Expiring Laws; Copper, &c.

Earl of Powis’s Ertate.

Martis, 1° die Mali;

Anno 32* Georgii IId| Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

MR. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to exchange Lands between Samuel Wegg Esquire, and the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, in the City of London, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and reducing other Duties; to the Premium upon Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations In America; and to securing the , Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty , and for enlarging the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, or Servants; and for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and filing thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday "Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act 18

for impowering Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, and Barbara Countess of Poxois, to make Leases of the Estate late of William Marquis of Powis, deceased, in the County of Montgomery, for Twenty-one Years, or Three Lives, at the improved Rent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fellowesy Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Alderman Dick inf on, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Thoroton, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Bold,

Sir John Cust, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Roger New digate, Mr.

Hewett, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Hanger, General Cornwallis, Mr. Toxvnjhend, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Bridgman,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Prowse,

Lord Carysfort, Mr. Fane, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Fo~ nereau, Mr. Drake, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Dicker, Mr.

Reynolds, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Gyhbon, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Affieck, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr.

Symons, Sir Edmund lsham, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gajhryf Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales; and for the Counties of Salop and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for discharging the Inhabitants of Manchester the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lan- Corn Mills. caster, from the Custom of grinding all their Corn and Grain, except Malt, at certain Water Corn Mills in the said Town, called the School Mills, and for confirming such Custom with respect to Malt, upon the Payment of a pecuniary, in lieu of the iifual, Toll; and for settlingand securing to the Feoffees thereof a proper Satisfaction for their Estate and Interest in the said Mills, to be applied to the charitable Uses for which ' the same were granted; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, relating to antient Mills upon the River Irk:

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 38. To leave out " before," and insert " herein," instead thereof:

Pr. 8. L. 37. Before " used," to insert " spent or Pr. 9. L. 8. To leave out the Second " and, " and insert " or," instead thereof:

Pr. 13. L. 34. After " crush," to insert " or;" and to leave out from " bruife" to " his" in Line 35:

Pr. 14. L. 3. After " crushing," to insert " or;" and to leave out from " bruifing" to <c the," in Line 4:

Pr. 17. L. 30. After " Feoffees," to insert " with " the Consent of the President of Corpus Christi College <c in Oxford,theWarden of the ColiegiateChurch in Manchester, and the High Matter of the said Free School Pr. 18. L. 11. To leave out u and

L. 13. After aforesaid," to insert cc and the " High Matter of the said Free School."

And the said Amendments, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for discharging the Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, from the Custom of grinding their Corn and Grain, except Malt, at certain Water Corn Mills in the said Town, called the School Mills; and for making a proper ftecompence to the Feoffees of such Mills.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Newdigaie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act widdringtnr.j to impower certain Persons to enfranchise several cuf- Eflatcs. tomary Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the several Manors of Nicol Forest, Solport, and Bewcajtlc, in the County of Cumberland,late the Elates oft he honourable

Catherine

ie

32 Geo. II. i° Maii. 567

Catherine Widdrington, Widow, deceased, directed to be settled to certain Uses by the Will and Codicil of the said Catherine Widdrington; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That. Mr. Vaughan, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this Househath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Barnflev, &c. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

oa Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairingand widening the Road leading from the Kali Side oi'Barnsley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also the Road from the Guide Post in Bar ugh, to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, in the said County was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Considerat ion.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time 5 and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

OrderedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Admeaftire- A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the City and "coal* Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and of the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holboum as lies in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, waspre-fented to the House, and read; reciting, That, in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, an Act was made for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals within the Limits aforesaid; which said Act has, by several subsequent Acts, bedn continued until the 24th Day of June 1759, and is now near expiring; and taking notice, that a Bill is now depending for further continuing and amending the said Act of the 19th Year of his present Majesty; and representing to the House, that, by the said Act, Four Pence is laid upon every Chaldron of Coals bought, as Wharf Measure, within the Limits aforesaid; which amounts annually to a large Sum of Money, and is a Charge upon the Petitioners, for which they apprehend they receive no Benefit; and that in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would be in no respect beneficial to the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners are the only Persons within the Bills of Mortality who are compelled to pay for the Admeasurement of their Coals by Land Coal-meters, unless where the Buyer of Coals requires the personal Attendance of such Coal-meters: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

Duke of Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, to whom Beaufort's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estates. yelling Part of the Estates entailed by the Will of the Moll noble Charles Nod, Dukeof Beaufort, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses; and forimpowering the Guar-dian and Trustees named in the said Will to make Leases of the said Duke’s Estates in the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Hants, Devon, Dorset, Glamorgan, and Brecon, during the Minority ofhisChildren; wascommitted ;That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfac-

VOL. 28.

tion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirefted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 11. L. 30. After " Somersetinfertcc late

Pr. 20. L. 28. Leave out " Prebendaries/’ and insert " Prebends:"

Pr. 22. L. 25. Leave out " Prebendaries/’ and insert " Prebends;"

Pr. 29. L. 13. After " be," insert " so."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Count ies of Bucks, Northampton, Salop, and Stafford, devised by the Will of Evelyn late Dukeof King-

Jlon9\n the present Duke of Kingston, in Fee-flmple; and for settling other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Nottingham, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. llewett do oarry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Account of his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Money Directions, that an Account be laid before this House, Adarcffei. of all Sums of Money which have been issued by his Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Kynaston, Chester’i be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill tme* from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the last Session.of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Bagot, now called Charles Chester,2Li\(\h\s Sons, to take the Surname of Chester, and for carrying an Agreement therein mentioned into Execution; and for explaining and altering that Agreement, and giving better Directions for the carrying the fame, so explained and altered, into Execution; is committed.

A Bill to prevent any Persons from gaining a Settle- Parish raent in any Parish, Town, Hamlet, or Place, by being Sctticmcati. there rated by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, and paying to the fame, was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Diciinfon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kynajlou, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Gybhon, Mr. More, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Hewett, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Ryder, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Hammond, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Hanger, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fellozves, Sir John Cust, Mr. Thornton, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. AJleck, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Symons, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Wilkes,

Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Plump Ire, Mr. Lock-yer, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Buller, Mr. Coven* try, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Chetwynd,

Mr. Olmius, Mr. Lewis, General Cornwallis; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speak* er’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act SuJi"n*t# for naturalizing John Christian Suhring and John Henry Suhring, was read a Second time.

Resolved,

Milford

Harbour.

Militia Pay and C loti ling.

Militia

Laws.

Foundling Hospital.

Samples cf Liquor* taken by Tjtcifemen.

i° — 2° Mali. A. 1759.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Belchier, Si r John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Sir William Codring to?i, Mr. Hanger, Sir Willoughby, AJo?i, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, General Cornwallis, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Foley, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Martin, Mr. Webb, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Willes, Mr. Bacon, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Hezvett, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Thomas Pal-mer, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Buller, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. More, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Med-lycott, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lafedits, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Crafier, Mr. Holt, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Mo-hjneux, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Rice, Mr. Harris, Mr. Rowney, Sir Wm. Peere Williams, Mr. Jennings, Lord Verney, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Moore: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for applying a Sam of Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke; and to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, of last Session of Parliament, for applying a Sum of Money for fortifying the said Harbour; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for applying the Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, from 31st Day of December 1758, to the 25th Day of March 1760, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for applying the Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, from 31st Day of December 1758, to the 25th Day of March 1760.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enforcing the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, and for removing certain Difficulties, and preventing Inconveniences, attending, or which may attend, the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enforcing the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, and for removing certain Difficulties, and preventing Inconveniences, attending, or which may attend the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education ofexposed and deserted young Children.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House, will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reducing to a reasonable Price the Sum

payable for Samples, taken to settle the Proof of imported exciseable Liquors.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supoly Bill resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon c°n6,4"'i"* the Bill for adding certain Annuities granted in the Year DUlt,c,' 1757, to the joint Stock of Three per Centum Annuities consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, and 29th, Yearsofhis present Majesty’s Reign; and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking Fund; and for charging the Annuities on single Lives, granted in the Year 1757, on the Produce of the said Fund.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ' . MoFning, Nine of the Clock.

Mer cur ii 1 2° die Maii;

Anno 320 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

SIR George Savile reported from the Committee, to Bolton upon whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open Dearoe

and common Fields, Meadows, common Pastures, and Lclolurc. waste Grounds, in the Parish or Township of Bolton upon Dearne, in the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Mary Bingley, an Infant of the Age of Six Years and Eleven Months, or thereabouts, the Grand-daughterof Richard Bingley late of Goldthorpe, deceased, by Mary Bingley, the Mother, and Guardian in Socage of the said Infant, and Richard Bingley and John Hawkfworlh, Devisees inTrust named in the last Will and Testament of the said Richard Bingley, deceased; was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the said Mary Bingley, Mother and Guardian of the said Mary Bingley the Infant, and also the said Richard Bingley and John Haioksworth, the said Devisees in Trust for the said Infant, who had petitioned against the said Bill, and which said Devisees, as such Trustees, are entitled to Eight Common Right Houses and 35 Acres of Land intended to be inclosed, and whose Agent, appearing before the Committee, declared the Dissent of the Petitioners to the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Seventeen Common Right Houses, and One hundred and Eighty nine Acres and an Half of the said Lands, who refused to sign the Bill, alleging, that it would be to the Prejudice of their Estates, and did not chuse to be at the Expence of inclosing; and that the Whole of the Lands within the said Parish, intended to be inclosed, consist of about Seven hundred and Seventy-six Acres and au Half, and the Township of Fifty-four Common Right Houses; and that no Person, except the Agent for the said Petitioners, appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message'from the Lords, by Mr. Eld and Mr.

Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, War An Act for making and completing the Navigation of Navi&aiioo. the River Wear from, and including South Biddick, or Biddickford, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham; and for repealing so much of an Act, made

in

Googh

A

Sunderland

Port.

Blackett’s

Marriage

Articles.

Duke of Bedford’s Ellate.

Chester’s

Name.

Cary IPs Estate.

Excise Laws.

Wine

Licences.

32 Geo. II. 20 Mail.

in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland\ in the County of Durham, as relates to making the said River navigable between the said Two Places called South Biddick, or Biddickford, and Newbridge, in the County of Durham, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much pfan Act, made in the 20th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled,* An Act for the better ‘Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, as relates to the Port and Haven of Sunderland, and the River Wear, between South Biddick or Biddickford and the said Port and Haven, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution, the Articles made on the Marriage of Sir Edward Blackett Baronet, with Dame Ann his Wife, by a Settlement to be made, with and under certain Variations and Provisionsmore beneficial for the Issue of the said Marriage: To which the Lords dtfire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have paflTed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made between the most Noble 7i.7m.Duke of Bedford, and Anibrofe Reddall Gentleman, Judy his Wife, and Elizabeth their only Child: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act made in the laftSellion of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Bagot, now called Charles Chester, and his Sons, to take the Surname of Chester, and for carrying an Agreement therein mentioned into Execution: and for explaining* and altering that Agreement, and giving better Directions for the carrying (the fame, so explained and altered, intoExecu-tion: was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Coufent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Inheritance of Part of the settled Estate of John CaryllES<\mve, in the County of Sussex, to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame, was read the Th ird time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry‘the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for obviating a Doubt with respect to the summoning of Persons for Offences committed against, or Forfeitures incurred by, the Laws of Excise, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for obviating a Doubt with respect to the summoning of Persons for Offences committed against, or Forfeitures incurred by, the Laws of Excise.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act,passed in the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as the same relates to some Provisions with regard to Licences for retailing Wine; was read the Third time.

Vol. 28.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds: and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as the same relates to some Provisions with regard to Licences for retailing Wine; and to preserve the Privileges of the Two Universities, in that Part of Great Britain called England, with respect to Licences far retailing Wine.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the ‘Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to stealing resolve itfalf into a Committee of the whole House, of Dogs. upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Stealing of Dogs;

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a select Committee:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir William Codring ton, Sir John Cust, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Plummer, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Roumey,

Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Curzon, Mr.

Molyneur, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Grenville, Mr.

Medlycott, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Tuck field. Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Hanger, Sir William Owen, Mr. Hewett,

Si r Geo. Savile, Mr. Thoroton, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Popham, Mr. Ongley, Mr. More,

Mr. Oswald, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Plump-tre, Mr. Earle, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Gybbon%

Mr. Foley, Mr. Chester, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Butler, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Fane, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Prowse: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to General resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Three several Acts of the 26th, 28th, and 30th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom;

Resolved, That tW\s House will, upon Tuesday Morn- . ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to s"PPly* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ^*yf resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to *n consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Samples refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^Tby* upon the Bill for reducing to a reasonable Price, the Exciiemeo. Sum payable for Samples, taken to settle the Proof of any imported exciseable Liquors;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply Bill to resolve itself into a Committeeof the whole House, up- c^tolid«mig on the Bill for adding certain Annuities, granted in the unumes-Year 1757, to the joint Stock of Three per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, and 29th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking 7 F Fund;

Imprisonment of Debtors.

Parish

Settlement!.

57°

1° — 3" Mali. J. 1759-

Fund'; and fot charging t life Annuities on single Lives, granted in the Year 1757, on the Produce oft he said Fund;

The House was moved. That several Parts of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for grant ingto his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Petitions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Five millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it bean In ft ruction to the said Committee, That they haye Power to receive a Clause for obv iating any Doubt that may arise, whether the several Lottery Annuities, amounting to Five hundred thousand Pounds, at Three per Cent. granted byanACt, made in the lafi Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Five millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Bates and Duties; be charged upon the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund-; and for carrying so much of the said Rates and Duties, as shall be sufficient for the Payment of the Interest of the said Annuities to the said Fund.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirected him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 30 die Maii;

Anno 32" GeorgiilK1 Regis, 1759. Prayers.

MR. Alderjnan DicUivfon reported from the Committee, whom the Bill for continuing, and re.-ducing into One Act of Parliament, the several Prov'-fiuns relating to the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and for amending, explaining, and rendering more effectual, the fame, w as committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House*, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: And the House being informed. That some, other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill; Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed. Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent any Persons gaining a Settlement in any Parish, Town, Hamlet, or Place, by being the re rated by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, and paying to the fame, was committed, That the Committee had goqe through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qiteftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to Bedford’i be made between the most noble John Duke of Bedford, £lhJC-

and Ambrose Reddall Gentleman, Judy his Wife, and Elizabeth their only Child, was read the First time.

llefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dakeof for vesting Part of the Estates intailed by the Will of the ®"ufort'J naoft Noble Charles Nod Duke of Beaufort, deceased, in tcs'

Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses: and for impowering the Guardian and Trustees named in the said Will to make Leases of the said Duke’s Estates in the Counties of Gloucrfier, Wilts, Hants, Devon, Dorset, Glamorgan, and Brecon, during the Minority of his Children; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Prozcfe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to M;jford resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Harbour, the Bill for applying a Sum of Money, granted in this Session of Parliament, towards carryingon the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke-, and to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, of Jaft Session of Parliament, for applying a Sum of Money for fortifying the said Harbour; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuiried the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made fevetafcAinend-ments thereunto; which they had directed him to repoit, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow,

Morning.

An ingroftld Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Blaclcett’j for carrying into Execution the Articles made oil the Wamise Marriage of Sir Edward Blackett Baronet, with Dame An,clts* Ann his Wife, by a Settlement to be made with and under certain Variations and Provisions more beneficial for the Issue of the said Marriage, was read the First; time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Expiring to whom the Bill to continue several Laws therein men- Laws; tioned, relating to allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandises exported, and reducing other Duties; to the Premium upon Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to theencou-raging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in' America; and to securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-madeSails with a Duty; and for enlarging the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, or Servants; and for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and filing thereof; is committed; That they have Power to conti-nuea Proviso in an Act, made in the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, that no Bounty shall be paid on any Tar, unless each Barrel shall eontainThirty-one Gallons and One Half, and that the Officers, who survey such Barrel, shall not survey the same till the Water shall be all drawn off, and every Barrel filled up with Tar.

Ordered,

.j

32 Geo. II. 4° Mali. 57

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refoived itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported front the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Anfaerto Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Address for House, That their Address of Tuesday I aft,.' that his Account. Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions;

that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been prefen ted to his Majesty; # and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he tfill give Directions accordingly.

Wegg’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. to exchange Lands between Samuel Wegg Esquire, and the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, in the City of London, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Admeasure- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

fCbal Reading of the Bill for continuing, amending, explain-0 03 ' ing, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holbourn as lies in the County of Middhefex, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Sopply Bill; . Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the consolidatirtg Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Annuities. ^ding certain Annuities, granted in the Year 1 757, to the joint Stock of Three per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, and 29th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking Fund; and for charging the Annuities on single Lives, granted in the Year 1757, on the Produce of the said Fund; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Importation Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Cambricks Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing the fcc. fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That the appointing, by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, Places in the several Counties, Ridings, or Divisions, in this Kingdom, for the First Reception of exposed and deserted young Children, would be attended with many evil Coufequences.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the conveying of Children from the Country to the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children in-London, is attended with many evil Consequences, and ought to be prevented. . '

The said Resolutions, being Severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Rose Fuller>

Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir George Savile, Mr. Hewe tty Mr.

Bcnvesy Sir John Philipps, Mr^lVilkinfon, Mr. Burrell,

Sir William Pecre Williams, and Mr. Vyner junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- levant night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trade. House, upon the Bill for the better preventing the Importation of the Woollen Manufactures of France into any of the Ports in the Levant Sea, by or on the behalf of any of his Majesty’s Subjects.

And then the House adjourned till’Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 40 die;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759. .'7

1 I

Prayers. -

SIR John Philipps, according to Order, reported from Milford the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Harhouse Bill for applying a Sum of Money granted, in thisSession of Parliament, towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke; and to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, of last Session of Parliament, for applying a Sum of Money for fortifying the said Harbour , was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s.Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House. *.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee?, Suhring’t to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled;

An Act for naturalizing John Christian Suhring and John Henry Suhring, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Foundling Mr. John Pitt, according to Order, reported from the

Hospital. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into further Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education ofqxposed.and deserted youngChi!dren,theRefolutionswhich the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Vol. 28.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, repoYted from the £*pirii^ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to con- Laws; tinue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to allow- CoPPer> ing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and reducing other Duties; to

the


Carter's

Name.

Burftall

Indofare.

Oadby

ladofure.

Duke of Beaufort’s EfUtes.

Desford

laelosure*

Printing

Journal!.



572

Mail.

.A. 1759.

the Premium upon Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America; and to securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for enlarging the Time for payment of the Duties omitted to be paid on the Indentures and Contrails of Clerks and Apprentices, or Servants; and for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and filing thereof; was committed;* the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from^he Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Bagot, now called Charles Chester, and his Sons, to take the Surname of Chester, and for carrying an Agreement therein mentioned into Execution; and for explaining and altering that Agreement, and giving better Directions for the carrying the fame, so explained and altered, into Execution; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Spedker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open, common, and arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, within the Manor of Burjlall, in the Parish of Belgrave, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Oadby), in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates intailed by the Will of the most Noble Charles Noel Duke of Beaufort, deceased, in Trullees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, 1 to be settled to the like Uses; and for impowering the Guardian and Trullees named in the said Will to make l^ases of the said Duke’s Estates in the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Hants, Devon, Dorset, Glamorgan, and Brecon, during the Minority of his Children: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Desford, in the County of Leicester, and the Lands and Grounds therein, and also such Lands in the Lordship of Peckleton in the said County, as lie open to the said Fields, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

ResolvedfThat an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by his Majesty’s Orders, to the late Nicholas Hardinge Esquire, and his Administratrix, pursuant to Addresses of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House; together with the Account of the Expenditure of such Money.

*7

Ordered, That the said Address be presented tojiis Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Counqil.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Eamflfjr, &c. leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to* WhiteCrofs\ and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh to a Rivulet called Bari/gh Brook, in the said County; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for Two hundred. Yards over, and beyond, the said Rivulet or Brook, int^o the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County.

Then the Blank, left in the Bill for the Title thereof was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill \o the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the D«ford Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Inclosure. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Desford, in the County of Leicester, and the Lands and Grounds therein, and also such Lands in the Lordship of Peckleton, in the said County, as lie open to the said Fields.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 28. L. 3. After Majesty," insert " his Heirs " and Successors :1’

L. 29. After " his," insert " or their "

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Thom as Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordlliips.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Adrafafure-Reading of the Bill for continuing, amending, explain- ® nl ing, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the 0 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act more effectu ally to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of iMncafler adjoining thereto, and the several Farishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Man) le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrezv Hoi-bourn as lies in the County of Middleflex; be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly:

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend the Act, of the 29th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole an *caM’ House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The

7° Mail

573

5 2 Geo. II. 4

The poftnoneel Order of the Day being read;

E#f°SKmcont ^ie ^on*e re^iyed itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eoniider further of the bill to explain and amend Hie Act, of the 29th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manriing his Majesty’s’Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refdved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve jtfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

L,uncey 70 die Man;

Anno 32° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

THE Earl of Thompnd reported to the House, That Answer to their Address of Friday last, that his. Majesty Address for would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account» Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

The House being informed. That Mr. Wilford, from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; Money lducd

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the on rcl House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by his Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by this House.

And then he withdrew. t -

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been ‘iflued by his Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by this House.

To John Mill Esquire, to be by him paid over to the Victuallers and Innholders of the County and Town of Southampton, and other Victuallers and Innholders in the like* Circumstances, in Consideration of the great Expences they were put to by the Hefjian Troops having be n so long billeted at their Houses - - - - . - -

To the Judges of England and Scotland, in Augmentation of their Salaries -To Jane liardinge, Widow, Executrix of Nicolas Hardinge Esquire, decealed, in Repayment and full Satisfaction of the like Sum due unto her for the Balance or Surplus of the said Nicholas Hardinge's Account, for printing Journals of the House of Commons -

£. s. d.

2,500-----

11,450-----

778 16 5

L-

14,728 16 5

Exchequer, the 7 th 7 Edward Wilford.

Day of May 1759. J

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

V-rhurfon's Ordered, That Sir William Owen do make the Re-; iuei. port from the Coinmittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower William Warburton Esquire, to make Leafesof Part of his settled Estate in Malvern Chafe for Ninety-nine Years, in order for the cultivating and improving of the fame, was committed: Sir William Owen accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

imprisonment Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Commit-of Debtors, tee, to whom the Bill for continuing, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the several Provisions relating to the Relief of Debtors, with respect; to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and for amending, explaining, and rendering more effectual, the fame, was re-committed. That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to rer port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Araend-Vojl/28.

ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eld and Mr.

Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Derby, Sec. for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Road. Derby to the Town of Newcastle under Lyne in the County of Stafford, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Coleby for dividing and inclosing several open Fields and com- Inclosure. monable Lands within the Manor and Parish of Coleby, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Crlcklcy Hill for enlarging and altering several Powers granted by an Road-Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of Northleach, Burford, and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladon, to Campsfield, in the Parish of K idling ton, in the County of Oxford; and also t he Road from Witney, through En-sham, Cicmner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford; with 7 G

Bishop’s Walt him Inclosure.

Bolton

upon

Dcarne

Inclosure.

Milford

Harbour.

Judges

Salaries.

Walley *s

Estate.

574 7° Mail.' -^.1759.

some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords had directedhim to report the Bill to the House, without desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Clerk’s Table, for dividing and inclosingcertain open arable Fields, and

a Down, in the Manor of Bishop'sWaltham, in the County An ingossed Bill to prevent any Personsfrom gaining Parish

of Southampton, with some Amendments: To which a Settlement in any Parish, Town, Hamlet, or Place, by Settlerm Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this being the re rated by virtue of any Act or Acts of Par-House. liament for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

And then the Messengers withdrew. Tax, and payingto the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he,

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain An Act to prevent Tenants or Occupiers acquiring a open and common Fields, Meadows, common Pastures, Settlement in anyPlace by being there rated, and paying and waste Grounds, in the Parish or Township of the Money, by any Land Tax Assessment charged.

Bolton upon Dearne, in the County of York, was read Ordeied, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Third time. the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and Sir William Codrington reported from the Commit-common Fields, Meadows, common Pastures, and waste tee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing 0 Grounds, in the Parish or Township of Bolton upon the dealing of Dogs, was committed, That the Com-Dearne, in the County of York. miltee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the An ingossed Bill for applying a Sum of Money Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards carrying Amendments were once read throughout; and then a on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question of Milford, in the County of Pembroke; and to explain, severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, of last Sef- One of them, agreed to by the House. lion of Parliament, for applying a Sum of Money for Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be fortifying the said Harbour; was read the Third time, ingossed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for applying a Sum of Money granted, in The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Supply Bill; this Session of Parliament, towards carrying on the into Consideration the Report from the Committee of Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Mil- the whole House, to whom the Bill for adding certain nnui*Jtf’ ford, in the County of Pembroke; and to amend and Annuities, granted in the Year 1757, to the joint Stock render more effectual an Act, of last Session of Parlia- of Three per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts ment, for applying a Sum of Money towards fortifying of the 25th, 28th, and 29th Years of his present Ma-the said Harbour. jesty’s Reign; and forcarrying the several Duties therein

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to mentioned to the Sinking Fund; and for charging the the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Annuities on single Lives granted in the Year 1757,

on the Produce of the said Fund; was committed:

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to And the said Report was read,

his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give And the Amendments, made by the Committee to

Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, of his Majesty’s Warrant under his royal Sign Manual, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of

directing in what Proportions the Money should be them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with fe-

distributed which was to be issued in pursuance of an veral Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the Address of this House, in the last Session of Parliament, House.

that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to advance Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

any Sum, not exceeding £. 1-1,450, to be applied in ingossed.

Augmentation of the Salaries of such Judges, and in

such Proportions, as his Majesty, in his great Wisdom, The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, should think fit, for the then present Year. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his ’ Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council. Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. JohnPitt reported from the Committee, to whom The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way*

the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mo*,

enable William Walley, and others, to sell and convey consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Three undivided Fourth Parts of a Messuage or Farm, Supply granted to his Majesty; and several Pieces or Parcels of Land and Hereditaments, Resolved% That this I louse will, upon Wednesday

lying in or near the Parish of Hayes, in the County of Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Kent, unto the Right honourable William Pitt in Fee-

simple; and for investing the Purchase-money in other The other Order of the Day being read;

Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

Uses and Estates as the said Three undivided Fourth whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain 0 Parts are now subject; and to enable the Trustees named and amend the Act, of the 29th Year of his present in the Will of William Cleaver the elder, deceased, to Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of convey certain Pieces or Parcels of Land in the Parish Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning of Hayes aforesaid. Part of the Estate devised by the his Majesty’s Navy.

Will and Codicil of the said William Cleaver, unto the Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

laid William Pitt, in Fee-ftmple, in Exchange for Part Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

of the said first-mentioned Lands; wascommitted; That Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Mr. Bacon reported fropi the Committee, That they

Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Par- had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he

ties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the was directed by the Committee to move, that they may

Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee have Leave to fit again.

fyfolvti,

Mancliefler Corn Mills.

Kirk by Kendal Hoads.

Militia

Laws.

Militia Pay and

C loathing.

Foundling

Hospital.

Printing

journals.

Blackett's

Marriage

Articles.


3 2 Geo II. 7 Afaii575

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, tefolve iti’elf into a Committee of the whole House, to ^onfider further'of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

i -

Mar thy 8° die Maii;

Anno 32° Georgii Ildl Regis, 1759. Prayers.

AM E SS A G E from the Lords, by Mr, Edwards and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the bill, intituled, An Act for discharging the Inhabitants of the Town of Manchef-ter, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,i\rom ttieCustom of grinding their Corn and Grain, except Malt, at cer-tainWaterCornMillsin the said Town, called the School M ills; and for making a proper Recompence to the Feoffees of fuchMills; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from the South West End of Nether Bridge, in the County of Westmoreland, by Sizerghfelfide, to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the Town of Millthorp to Dixes, and from the Town of Millthorp aforesaid to IIangb ridge, and from thence to join the Hei'on ^Turnpike Road at the Guide Post near Clazvthrop Hall, in the County aforesaid, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enforcing the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, and for removing certain Difficulties, and preventing Inconveniences attending, or which may attend, the fame; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for applying the Money, granted in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing for the Militia, from the Thirty-tirst Day of December 1758 to the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1760, without any Amendment.

And tlfen the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanger be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to thelaftof the Resolutions, which upon ThurJ-day last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into further Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, and were then agreed to by the House.

The House being informed. That Mr. Farraine, Deputy Auditor of the Imprefts, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by his Majesty’s Orders, to the late Nicholas Hardinge Esquire, and his Administratrix, pursuant to Add redes of the House of Commons, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of the said House; together with the Account of the Expenditure of such Money.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A11 ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution the Articles made on the Marriage of Sir Edward Blackett Baronet, with Dame Ann his Wife, by a Settlement to be made with and under certain Variations and Provisions more beneficial VoL, 28.

for the Issue of the said Marriage, tvas read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Geo. Savilei Mr. FeUowes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Sir Ed mundlfham, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Amyand, Mr. Crafier, Mr. Fane> Mr. Coventry,

Mr. Haldane, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyfier,

Mr. Heweit, Mr. Whichcott, Mr. Prowse, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Moorei Sir Roger Mojlyn, Mr. Symons, Mr.

Lafcelles, Mr. More, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Ver non, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Ajjteck, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProEtor,

Mr. Brijlowe, Mr. Gybbon, NLr* Fletcher, Mr. Calthorpe,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Earle, Mr. Hill, Mr. Vynerh Mr. Fazakerley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lancaster, York, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That Anfo-cr their Address of Yesterday, that his Majesty would be to Address graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copy of Paper-the Warrrant therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, c

that he will give Directions accordingly*

Mr. FelloWes reported from the Committee, to whom RoIIe's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estates. Veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, settled and entailed On Denys Rolle Esquire, and his Issue, in him, in Fee simple; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the said County of Devon, of greater Value, to the same Uses; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as foIJoweth; viz.

Pr. 16. L. 38. After " made," insert " other than and " except as to any Lease to be made of the Messuage or " Teuement of Prontjbuiy, and of which he is hereby " restrained from making any Lease or Leases, any other-<c wife than for a Term not exceeding Twenty-oneYears*

" at the best improved Rack-rent."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act s . for naturalizing John Christian Suhring and John Henry Nat!^ Suhring, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without arfy Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to allowing aDrawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Copper, Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and reducing other Duties; to the Premium upon Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffeein his Majesty’s Planta* tionsiii^mifnc^andtofecuring the Duties uponforeign-made SailClotrf, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for enlarging the Time for Payment of the Duties

57 6

8" Maii.

A 1759.

AdincafuVc-ment of - Coals.

Duke of Bedford's Itkte.

Duties omitted to be paid on the Indentures and Contract s of Clerks and Apprentices,or Servants; and for ' making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attprnies or Solicitors, and filing thereof; was read the Third time. \

Rejbtved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon v the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Encouragement of the Silk Man 11 fadures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing ‘ other Duties; to the Premium upon Malts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to*, the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America \ to thefecuring the Duties upon foreign-made SailCloth, and chargingforeign-madeSails withaDuty; and for enlarging the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid on the Indentures and Contra As of Clerks and Apprentices, or Servants; and also for making Affidavits of the Execution 9’f Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and filing thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill forcontinuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Farifties 6f Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Paritti of Saint Andrew llolbourn as lies in the County of Middlefe.r, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for restraihing the Provisions of the former Ad, and of this Act, to Cafes where the Buyer shall delire the Attendance of a Coal-meter:

Artd the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

PK 3. L. 34. After " should," to insert " under certain " Restridions:"

Pr. 4. L. 9. To leave out from the Second " the" to " Driver," in L. 24.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question feveraHy put thereupon, agreed to by the Hpufe: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act forcontinuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster; adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew llolbourn as lies in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act; for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made between the most Noble John Duke of Bedford\ and Ambrose Reddall Gentleman, Judy his Wife, and Elizabeth their only Child, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Crafter, Mr, Hewett, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. IIanger,vSir Geo. Savile, Mr. Moore, Sir- John Crosse, Mr. Brahd, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaftoii, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fox, Mr. Gyhbov, Mr. San-dys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Stanley, Sir John Cust, Mr. Frederick, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Toxvnjhend, Mr. Ellis, Mr. [Affleck, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Bowes, Mr. West, Mr; Haldane, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Medlycott, Mr, Gafirxj, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Gore, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Nugent, Lord Digby, M r.Fazakerley, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Boltun, Nk:Grenville, Mr. Lewis; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Bedford, Hertford, and Bucks; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Three several Acts of ‘the 26th, 28th, and 30th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Two Months," and inserting the Word " Sevennight," instead thereof:

And the Question being put. That the Words a Two " Months" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }

Tellers for the Noes, j J

l6.

63-

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Sevennight" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended,being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House* to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend the A6i, of the 29th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.Bacon reported from the Committee, That the Committee had considered the Petition of the under-signed Persons belonging to his Majesty’s Islands of Guernfe}) and Jersey, for and on behalf of many of his Majesty’s Subjects of those Ittands, Owners of, and interested in Privateers fitted out from the same, referred to the said Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Genwd

TurnpiL*

Act.

Eflcm'n#*. iwnt i Seam.

1

SuopW Bill; Iterating Plate Woikcri.

Supply.

32 Geo. II.

9 c

Mali.

511

' Mercurii, 9* die Mail;

tt

Anno 32® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759. Praters.

MR. Charlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duty gran ted by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, on Silver Plate, and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by ail Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate; by permitting the Sate of Gold or Silver Plate in small Quantities without Licence; and by granting a Duty instead of the Duty now payable upon Licences to be taken out by certain Dealers in Gold of Silver Plate; and also a Duty upon Licences to be taken out by Pawnbrokers dealing in Gold or Silver Plate, and Refiners of Gold or Silver: And the same was re* ceived; and read the Firil time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House was moved, That the Three Firfr of the Refutations, which, upon Tuesday the 10th Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

iC Resolved, That the Sum of Seven hundred and Eight Pounds Three Shillings be granted to his Majesty, to enable the ComrriilTioners appointed by virtue " of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better fe- curing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at " Port/mouthy Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the bet- ter fortifying the Town of Portsmouth and Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses, and for other " Purposes therein mentioned, to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments, " at and near Chatham, as have been purchased for <c the Purposes mentioned in the said Act, and for *' Damage done to the Lands adjacent."

*c Resolved, That the Sum of Six thousand Nine hun-<c dred Thirty-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, to enable the Commissioners appointed by virtue of " an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intitided, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, " Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Ports " mouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better " fortifying the Town of Portsmouth and Citadel of *€ Plymouth, inTrutlees, for certain Uses, and for other 4< Purposes therein mentioned, to make Compensation " to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments, of at or near Portsmouth, as have been purchased for the " Purposes mentioned in the said Act."

" Resolved, That the Sum of Twenty-five thousand " One hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings <e and Six Pence be granted to his Majesty, to enable the Commissioners appointed by virtue-of an Act, (i made in the.last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, " and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Ma-<c jofly’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chat//<//;, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the " Town of Portsmouth and Citadel of Plymouth, in <c Trustees, for certain Uses, and for olher Purposes " therein mentioned, to make Compensation to the s< Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments, at and t( near Plymouth, as have been purchased for the Purposes mentioned in the fu*d Act."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr Charles Frederick, Mr. VoL, 28.

Wilkinson, Sir Richard IJcyd, Mr. Earle, Mr. Cocks, and Mr. Charlton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Vesting his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Lauds for Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Doc^Yardt Account of the Expences which have been incurred in carrying into Execution the several Provisions of the Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham* and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of *P or tf mouth and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Fellozves reported from the Committee, to whom Earl of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for "

Empowering Henry Arthur Earl of Pozvis and Barbara LatCS*

Countess of Pozvis to make Leases of the Estate late of William Marquis of Pozvis, deceased, in the County of Montgomery, for Twenty-one Years, or Three Lives, at the improved Rent,was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money repaid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, granted to his Majesty by a Vote of this House, of the 15th Day o{'December 1755, to enabte his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Empress of RuJ/ut.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hof or d and Mr*

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wins to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 30th Year of Licences* his present, Majesty’s Reign, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as the same relates to some Provisions with regard to Licences for retailing Wine; and to preserve the Privileges of the Two Universities, in that Part of Great Britain called England, with respect to Licences for retailing Wine; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ExciseLawi. for obviating a Doubt with respect to the summoning of Persons for Offences committed against, or Forfeitures incurred by, the Laws of Excise, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Plymouth to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, ^oor* passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign ofher late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on weak, and maintaining them there; and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon; and for applying, for the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse, certain Surplus Monies which have formerly arisen by the Assessments for raising the Land Tax in the said Town; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several open and common " 0 Fields, common Meadows, common Pastures, and commonG rounds in the Manor or Lordship of Barton, other-

7 H wife

1

A. 1759.

£aft India Affairs.

578 9*

wife Barton in Fahis, in the several Parities of Barton and Clifton, in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, That Mr. James, Secretary to the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A particular Acount of the Disposition of the Money granted in the Jail Session of Parliament* and in the preceding Session, towards the defraying the Expence of a military Force for the Defence of the Forts and Settlements belonging to the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Samuel Martin presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

A Paper, intituled, — " King’s Warrant — Judges of " Superior Courts, £. 11,450 in Augmentation of their " Salaries for the Year 1758 — Copy."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth 3 viz.

GEORGE R.

Whereas our House of Commons, in the last Session of our Parliament, presented unto us an humble Address, representing, that the Salaries of moll of the Judges in our Superior Courts of Justice in this Kingdom were inadequate to the Dignity and Importance of their Offices 3 and therefore beseeching us, that we would be graciously pleased to advance any Sum, not exceeding £. 11,4 50, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of such Judges, and in such Proportions as we'should tilink fit for the then present Year, alluring us that the said House of Commons would make good the fame;

And whereas we, having taken the said Matter into our Royal Consideration, have thought fit that the said full Sum of Eleven thcfcfand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds be paid and applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of such Judges, in the following Proportions3 for the Year 1758 3 that is to say,

To the Chief Justice of our Court of Common Pleas at Westminster - - - 500

To the Chief Baron of our Court of Exchequer there - -- -- - 1,000.

To the Three Puisne Judges of our Court of King’s Bench there, £. 500 each - 1,500

To the Three Puisne Judges of onr said Court of Common Pleas, £. 500 each - 1,500

To the Three Puisne Barons of our said Court of Exchequer, £. 500 each - 1,500

To our Chief Justice of Chester - - - 200*

To our Second Justice of Chester.....----- 150

To our Six other Justices of the grand Sessions for the Counties in Wales, £. 150 each - goo

To the Lord President of Session in Scotland - -- -- - - - 300

To the 14 other Lords of Session there, £. 200 each - -- - - -- 2,800

To the Chief Baron of our Court of Exchequer in Scotland ----- - - 300

To the Four other Barons of the said Court, £. 200 each - - - - --800

£ *M5a

Our Will and Pleasure is, that, by virtue of our General Letters of Privy Seal, bearing Date the 26th Day of June 1727, you issue and pay, or cause to be ifi’ued and paid, out of any our Treasure or Revenne remaining in the Receipt of our Exchequer, applicable to the Uses of our Civil Government, unto the several Persons hereafter named, or to their Assigns or legal Representatives, the several Sums set against their Names; that is to say.

To Sir John Willes Knight, Chief Justice of our said Court of Common Pleas -To Sir Thomas Parker Knight, Chief Baron of our said Court of Exchequer at Westminster To Sir Thomas Denison Knight, One of the Judges of our said Court of King’s Bench To Sir Michael rafter Knight, another of the Judges of the same Court -To Sir John Eardley Wilmot Knight, another of the Judges of the same Court -To Sir Edward Clive Knight, One of the Judges of the said Court of Common Pleas To Henry Bathurst Esquire, another of the Judges of the same Court -To William Noel Esquire, anot her of the Judges of the same Court -To IIencage Legge Esquire, One of the Barons of our said Court of Exchequer at Westminster -To Sir Sidncjj Stafford Smyth Knight, another of the Barons of the same Court r- - -

To Sir Richard Adams Knight, another of the Barons of the same Court -To the faiil William Nod Esquire, our Chief Juliice of Chester -

To Taylor White Esquire, our Second Justice of Chester - .

To John Williams Esquire, One of our Justices of the Grand Sessions for Wales -To John Harvey Esquire, another of the same Justices

To. John Pullen Esquire, another of the same Justices -

To Edward Poore Esquire, another of the same Justices -

To Rogers Holland Esquire, another of the same Justices -

To Daines Barrington Esquire, another of the same Justices

To lldcrt Craigie Esquire, Lord President of Session in Scotland - -

To Andrew Fletcher Esquire, One of the Lords of Session there To Sir Gilbert Elliot Baronet, another of the same Lords -

To Alexander Frazer Esquire, another of the same Lords To Sir James Fergufbn Baronet, another of the same Lords To Che. Arc feme Esquire, another of the same Lords Tu Patrick Bogle Llquire, another of the same Lords C\o. Sinclair Esquire, another of the same Lords

To To T j

lienn; juouis 1-1 f lciueuter Bojw

re

nolher of the same Lords -Esquire* another of the same Lords

5°°

1,000

500

500

5°°

500

500

500

500

500

500,

200

150

150

150

150

150

150

150

o'* 300

200 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 20 0 To

Saiariei,

32 Geo. II. 9d Mail.

To William Grant. Esquire,- another of the same Lords -

To Robert Pringle Esquire, another of the same Lords

To Andrew M6 Dote all Esquire. another of the same Lords

To George Carre Esquire, another of the same Lords -

To Geo. Brown Esquire, another of the same Lords - -

To Robert Ord Esquire, Chief Baron of our Court of Exchequer in Scotland

To Edward Edlin Esquire, One of the Barons of the same Court there -

To John Maule Esquire, another of the same Barons -

To James Erskine Esquire, another of the same Barons -

To John Grant Esquire, another of the same Barous -

m

20 Cf 200 200 200 200 300 200 200 200 200

L "*45°

Which laid several Sums are to be paid to the respective Persons, without Account, as an Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges, made by us for the said Year 1758, in gracious Compliance with the Address aforementioned. Given at our Court, at St. James's, this 13th Day of February 1759, in the 32d Year of our Reign.

By his Majesty VCommand,

Holies Newcastle,

To the Com mi (boners of H. B. Legge,

ourTreasury. R. Nugent,

Bejborough.

Judges of Superior Courts, £. 11, 450 in Augmentation of their Salaries for the Year 1758.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, tain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are men-to be perused by the Members of the House. tioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver,

upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit.

WallevS An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the

Estate. to enable William Walley, and others, to sell and convey Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Three undivided Fourth Parts of a Messuage or Farm,

and several Piecesor Parcels of Land and Hereditaments, An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing the Stealing of lying in or near the Parish of Hayes, in the County of Healing of Dogs, was read the Third time. Vegs.

Kent, unto the Right honourable William Pitt, in Fee- A Motion was made, and the Question being put*

Ample; and for inverting the Purchase-money in other That the Bill do pass;

Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same The House divided.

Uses and Estates as the said Three undivided Fourth The Yeas went forth.

Parts are now subject to; and to enable the Tmftees T-IWcf . f^ir William Co dr ington, 1

named in the Will of William Cleaver the elder, decea- e " 0 cas,£Mr. Kynaston: 3

fed, to convey certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, in the ry , ~ r {Sir Geo. Savile, } r

Parish of Haijes aforesaid. Part of the F.ltnfc devised <- eis or ie^ oe'>£^,[r pin^mer 3

by the Will and Codicil of the said William C'ieax'er, un- So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the

to the said William Pitt, in Fee-simple, in Exchange for Title be, An Act for the moreeiTeftual preventing the Part of the said first-mentioned Lauds; was read the dealing of Dogs,

Third time. Ordered, That Sir William Codrington do carry the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the 1 Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed The House being informed, That Submission hadbe^n Privilge. to the fame, without any Amendment. made, and Satisfaction given,\ o George Cooke Esquire, a

Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Pri 5upr>Iv Bill; An ingrossed Bill for addingeertain Annuities, grant- viiege complained of upon Wednesday the 25th Day of crv,so!ulating fd in the Year 1757, to’ the joint Stock of Three per April last;

Annuities. Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Flec-28th, and 29th, Years of his present Majestys Reign; tions be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to of the said Complaint, the Sinking Fund; and for charging the Annuities on

tingle Lives, granted in the Year 1757, on the Produce ‘ 'The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply

of the said Fund; was read the Third time. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; be, An Act for adding certain Annuities, granted in the Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money Year 1757- to the joint Stock of Three per Centum An- which have been issued by his Majesty’s Orders, pursuant unities consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, zSth, and to Add re flies of this House, and which have not been 2Ql h. Years of his present Majesty's Reign; and for car- made good by this House, be referred lo the said Corn-rying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sink- mittee.

ing Fund: and for charging the Annuities on Angle Then the House refoived itself into the said Corn-Lives, granted in the Year 1757,011 the Produce of the mittee.

said Fund. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Lords, and delire their Concurrence. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they Imprisonme-it An ingrossed Bill for continuing, and reducing into had come to several Resolutions; which they had diJ of D-btors. One Act of Parliament, the several Provisions relating to rented him to report* when the House will please to re-t he Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonnu nt ccive the fame.

o itlieir Persons, and for amending, explaining, and ren- Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow dcring moreeflechial, the fame, was read the! bird time. Morning.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That ha be, An Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the was directed by the Committee to move, that they may Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, have leave to lit again.

who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a cer- Refulved

Vol. 28.

v»

Wav* and Meaar.

Importation

ofCambricks

*c.

Supply Bill; Licenling Pnte Worker*.

Rolie’s

Euate.

-TP1*-

580 90 — 10° — 11° Mali. A. 1759-

Resolved, That this Honre will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfolf into a Committee of the whole Honfr, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-png next, resolve itself info a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jovis, 10° die Mail;

Anno 320 Georgii Ittt Regis, 1759. Trayers.

ABI LL for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of 'Cambricks and French Lawns, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolve cl, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duty granted by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of t he Reign of his late Majesty, on Silver Plate, and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate; by permitting the Sale ol Gold or Silver Plate in small Quantities, without Licence; and by granting a, Duty intlcad of the Duty now payable upon Licences to betaken out by certain Dealers in Gold or Silver Plate; and alfoa Duty upon Licences to be taken out by Pawnbrokers dealing in Gold or Silver Plate, and Refiners of Gold or Silver; 'was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That that this House will, To-morow Morn-.ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upoii the Paid Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for veftingdivers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Coun-tiesof Cornwall and Z)ew?2, settled and entailed on Denys Rolle Esquire, and his I flue, in him, in Fee-Ample; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, i.11 the said County of Devon, of greater Value, to the same Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellozves do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Clmrlfon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of t he whole House, to whom it was referred toconfldrr further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refoiutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he rend in hisPlace; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read; and areas followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thonfandFive hundred Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to make good thp

like Sum issued by his Majesty to John Mill Esquire, to be by him paid over to I he Victuallers and Innholders of the County and Town of Southampton, and other Victuallers and Innholders in the like Circumstances, in Consideration of the great Ex ponces they were put to by the Hessian Troops having been so long billeted at their Houses, pursuant to an Address of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exeeding Eleven thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the like Sum ilined by his Majesty to the Judges of England, Scotland, and Wales, in Augmentation of their Salaries, pursuant to an Addreis of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ThataSum, not exceeding Seven hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good to his Majesty the like Sum which has been ilTiied, pursuant to the Address of this House, to Jane Hardinge Widow, Adminiflratrix of Nicholas Hardinge Esquire, deceased, in Repayment and full Satisfaction of the like Sum due unto her for the Balance or Surplusof the said Nicholas I/ardinge's Account, for printing Journals of the House of Commons.

The said Refoiutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing the Importation of the WoolIen Manufactures of France into any of the Ports of the Levant Sea, by or on the behalf of any of his Majesty’s Subjects.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Berkeley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progrpls in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, n°

Anno 32* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759. Praters.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Wilford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money repaid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, of tile Sum of £. 100,000, granted to his Majesty by a Vote of this House, of the 15th Day of December 1755, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Empress 0iRuJfm. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To

Lcvint

Trade.

Account;

R.i >' n

Sub%.

Dig zed by v^.

32 Geo. II. 11°Mail 581

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Money repaid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, of the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, granted to his Majesty by a Vote of this House, of the 15th Day of December 1755, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Empress of Rujfia.

£. s. d.

' The Money repaid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, by John Thornton Esquire, on

Account of the Empress of Rujfia, amounts to the Sum of - - - - 100,000 -

Exchequer, the nth Day of May 1759.

Ordered, That the said Account dolie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taken by further regulating the Power oftakingSamplesof foreign Excisemeiu spirituous Liquors, by the Officers of Excise; and also forimpowering the Traders to take such Samples before the Duties are charged: And that Mr. Samuel Martin and Mr. Charlton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Accounts of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

Duti«. count of Produce of the double Sixpenny Stamp Du-uuc$* t ies; distinguishing the Matters in respect whereof such Duties were paid; for One Year, ending the 2d Day of August 1758.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the triple Sixpenny Stamp Duties on Writs, for one Year, ending the ad Day of August 1758.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the double Penny Stamp Duties, for One Year, ending the 2d Day of August 1758.

Answer to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Address House, That their Address of Wednesday last, That his for Account* Majesty would be graeiously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

CrickleyHill The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Hoad. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlargingand alteringfeveral Powers granted by an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hilly in the County of Gloucester to Frogg Milly through the Towns of North-leach, Burford, and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough, and Bladen, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford; and allb the Road from Wit-ney, through Ensham, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as folio wet h; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 34. Leave out from cc notwithstanding" to * and, " in the 8th Line of the 8th Press:

Pr. 8. L. 33. After w Down," insert " Provided never-" theless, that no Gate or Turnpike shall be erected " or set up, on the said Road, instead of the said Botley " Gate, within One Mile on eitherSide of En/hamFeny, " any thing in this or the said former Act contained M to the contrary notwithstanding."

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Month.

The House was moved, Thatthe Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereun to subscribed, Trustets appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of

' Crickley Hilly in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg Hilly

through the Towns of Nor Ih leach, Burford, and Witney,

Vol. a8.

-jar -.i-ft-.r-j.-.-n rt

Edward Wilford.

and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladen, to Campsfieldy in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford, and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham, Climner, SLndBotley, to the City of Oxford; which was presented to the House upon Tlmrfday the First Day of February last; might be again rear!:

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the 24 th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road leading from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to the utmost Extent of the said County;

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Vice Chancellor, Heads of Houses, Mayor, Aldermen, and other Members of the University and City of Oxford, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, and divers other Persons, Inhabitants of, orinterested in, the Counties of Oxford and Berks, West of the said University and City of Oxford, and within Five Miles of the same (which was presented to the House upon Tuesday the Sixth Day of March last), might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly 5 . An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Word " Reie;n," thele Words, M intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from " the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester,

" to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of Northleach, Burford, and Witney. and Parishes of Hanborough and " Bladen to Campsfieldy in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Witjiey, through Ensham, Cumner, and Botley, to the City <c of Oxford

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, Nemine contradicenfe, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the 24th Year of his present Majesty s Reign, as relates to the Road leading from the rlop of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to the utmost Extent of the said County: And that Mr. Berkeley and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of forimpowering Henry A rthur Earl of Powis&nd Barbara powis’*

Countess of Powis to make Leases of the Estate late of Estates. William Marquis of Powis, deceased, in the County of Montgomery, for Twenty-one Years, or Three Lives, at the improved Rent, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Members House do go, with the Mace, into the Speaker’s Cham- fuflunoM<1, bers, and the Rooms adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The House was moved, That Part of the Entry in Printing the Journal of the House, of the 31 ft Day cf AZay 1742, Journals.

7 I of

5$2 1i* — 140 Mail. 1759.

of the Report from the Committee who were appointed to consider of printing the Journals of this House, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, Nemine contra dicenle, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will begraci-ously pleased to order the Sum of £. 3,000 to be i(filed to Mrs. Jane Hardinge, Widow, as Administratrix of Nicholas Havdhige Esquire, decided, as a Recompence for his Pains and Services in preparing Copies of the Journals of this House for the Press, and in managing and directing the printing of the fame, for the Use of the Members of this House; and to aflhre his Majesty, that this House will make good the same Sum.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by fitch Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Supply Bill; Ordered\ That the Order of the Day, for the House

Pla^ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Workers, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliaroentjfor repealing the Duty granted by an Act,

made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,

on SdverPlate, and for granting* Duty on Licences to be taken (Tut by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate; by permitting the Sale of Gold or Silver Plate in small Quantities without Licence, and by granting a Duty infteaa of the Duty now payable upon Licences ttbe taken out by certain Dealers in Gold or Silver Plate,

and also a Duty upon Licences to be taken out by Pawnbrokers dealing1 in Gold or Silver Plate, and Refiners of Gold or Silver; be now read:

And the said Order being.read accordingly

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to authorize the Mitigation of the Penalties inflicted by the said Act made in the Jaft Session of Parliament.

Then the House refoired itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of the Charges incurred in pursuance of Veiling an Act, of the 31st Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for the Land* for purchasing of Lands for the better securing his Majesty’s ^k^ank Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and 0 Plymouth.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth: viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Charges incurred in pursuance of an Act, of the 31st Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for purchasing of Lands for the better securing his Majesty’s Ducks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouthg Chatham,&nd Plymouth.

Expence of suing out a Commission under the Great Seal

Expence of carrying the Commission into Execution at Plymouth Expence of carrying the same into Execution at Chatham -

Expence of carrying the same into Execution at Portsmouth -

Expence of Acts of Parliament, Books, Paper, and other Stationary Wares -

£. s. d. 142 6 —

- 1,271 8 9

- 181 — 6

*33 5

15 2 8

2>443 3 1

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to consider further of the Supply granted to his to be perused by the Members of the House. Majesty.

Committees. Ordered, That ail Committees be revived. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mcan* Bankrupt Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising

Laws. of the Laws relating to Bankrupts, have Power to report the Supply granted to his Majesty.

their Proceedings from time to time to the House.

Encouragement Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the

«f $\imen. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend the Ad, of the 29th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy; was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place *, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the -House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-aext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Importatioi ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole . House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing amk the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 140 die Man;

Anno 32* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That feme of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Produce of the double Six- Accounts of penny Stamp Duties; distinguishing the Matters in StampDutiei

respect

Samples of Liquors taken b/fixcifemen

Cricklev Hill Roads.

3 2 Geo. II. 140 Mali. - 383

respect whereof such Duties were paid; for One Year, ending 2d Day of August 1758: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Produce of the triple Sixpenny Stamp Duties on Writs, for One Year, ending 2d Day of August 1758: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Produce of the double?

Penny Stamp Duties, for One Year, ending zd Day of August 1758.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read*

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Stamp Office, 14th May 1759 An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the double Sixpehny Stamp Duties; distinguishing the Matters in respect whereof such Duties were paid; for One Year, ending 2d August 1758*

N° Duty.

222,727 - - - £.11,136.. 7. Oi

IV. J. Puller, pro Compt*,

N;B. The Matters, in respect whereof the above Duties are paid, are AffidavitS,.and Copies thereof* Appearance on Common Bail, Bail Bonds, Orders, Rules, Records, and Proceedings, in either Court at Westminften and Copies thereof, Allegation, Answer, and Copies thereof, Copies of Citation, Monition in Ecclesiastical Court, or Libel, Deposition, Answer, Bifmission, Sentence, Pinal Decree, Inventory exhibited, or Copies thereof, in Ecclesiastical Courts, Admiralty, or Cinque Ports; but can’t distinguish how much is paid for either Matter, they being stampt Blank, and used for any of the above Purposes, as the Purchasers think fit: The above Sum is the Amount of the gfofs Duty, the net Produce whereof cannot lie set forth, because the Account of the double Sixpeny Stamp Duty is blended with the Account of many other Stamps,

W. Blair,

Matt. Kenricky R. Thompson.

5 r-.,----- v. = = jr-iii.-:.--.rm

Stamp Office, 14th May 1759.

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the triple Sixpenny Stamp Duties on Writs, for One Year,

ending 2d Day of August 1758.

N° Duty.

97,649 7>323- i3- 6-

W. J. Pullery pro Comptr.

W. Blair,

Matt. Kenricky R. Thompson.

Stamp Office, 14th May 1759. An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the double Penny Stamp Duties, for One Year, ending 2d Day

of August 1758.

N° Duty.

434:463 £ 3>6*o. io. 6.

W. J. Puller, pro Comptr.

tV. Blair,

Matt. Kenrick,

R. Thompson.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Member* of the House.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further regulating the Power of taking Samples of foreign spirituous Liquors, by the Officers of Excise; and also for impowering the Traders to take such Samples before the Duties are charged: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Berkeley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road leading from the Top of Crickley Hilly in the County of Gloucester, to the utmost Extent of the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. 28.

\lr. Charttony according to Order, reported from the supply BUt j Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Licensing amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, Plate for repealing the Duty granted by an Act, made in the Worker* Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, on Silver Plate, and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate; by permitting the Sale of Gold or Silver Plate in small Quantities without Licence, and by grantinga Duty instead of the Duty now payable upon Licences to be taken out by certain Dealers in Gold or Silver Plate, and also a Duty upon Licences to be taken out by Pawnbrokers dealing in Gold or Silver Plate, and Refiners of Gold or Silver; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a

Second,

584 140 — 150 Mar tit. A. 1759.

Second times Ly °°e ? and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Bishop’* The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Waltham Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Inclosure. ^n Act for dividing and inclosing certain open arable Fields, and a Down, in the Manor of Bishop's Waltham, in the County of Southampton.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 3, 4. Leave out " and a Down," and, at the End of the Fourth Line, after " Field," insert and."

L. 5- Leave out " and Stephens Castle Down:"

L. 6. Leave out " Four,*' and, instead there-€t of," insert " Two:"

L. 7. Leave out " Seventy," and, instead thereof, insert "Five:"

L. 19. After €< Fields," leave out €€ and

Down

L. 23, After " Fields," leave out cc and <c Down:"

L. 27. After " Fields," leave out " and ts Down :"

Pr. 1. L. 12. After " Fields," leave out " and " Down:"

L. 18. After " Fields," leave out " and f Down:"

Pr. 3. L. 3. After " Fields," leave out <ff and

" Down "

L. 7. After u Fields," leave out " and

cc Down:"

Pr. 4. L. 29. After " Fields," leave out " and " Down:"

L. 36, 37. After Fields," leave out " and " Down:"

Pr. 6. L. 3. After " Fields," leave out " and <c Down

L. 9. After " Fields," leave out " and

<s Down:"

L. 12. After " Fields," leave out " and

— Down:"

Pr. 7. L. 24. After " Fields," leave out " and " Down:"

Pr. io. L. 28. After " Fields," leave out "and " Down:"

Pr. 12, L. 9. After u Fields," leave out " and " Down:

In the Title of the Bill, leave out u and a Down."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, , agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Thijlletlnoayte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Augmentation of Hie Salaries of the Judges in his Majesty’s Superior Courts of Justice in this Kingdom.

Then a Debate arising in the House upon the said Motion;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Six Weeks;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f Sir Francis Dq/hwo>

ieiierslortne leas, £Mr>Ajderma nBeckJ34-

Tellers for the Noes, 2S\- }i69-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges in his Majesty s Superior Courts of Justice in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, — " King’s Warrant — Judges of Superior Courts, £.11,450, in Aug-" mentation of their Salaries for the Year 1758 — Copy" be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Ways

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Refblved%T\\ni this House will, upon Thursiay Morn- Importation ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole . House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing Caln^,ck,» the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

.. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock, v

Martisy 1 50 die Maii;

Answer The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That to Address. their Address of Friday last, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of £. 3,000 to be issued for the Purpose in the said Address mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions as delired by the said Address.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the wThole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

And a Motion being made, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges in his Majesty's Superior Courts of Justice in this Kingdom;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty recommeuds it to the House to consider of a proper

15

Anno 32° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

Prayb RS.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Rollc’i this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, settled and entailed on DenysRolle Esquire, and his Issue, in him, in Fee-simple; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the said County of Devon, of greater Value, to the same Uses.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Supply Bill; Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duty granted by pj?nfiaS an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Workers. Majesty* on Silver Plate, and for granting a Duty on

Licences

32 Geo. If.

i 5° Mail.

5§5

Duke of

Bedford'!

Estate.

Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate; by permitting the Sale of Gold or Silver Plate in small Quanti ties,without Licence, and by granting a Duty instead of the Duty now payable upon Licences to be taken out by certain Dealers in Gold dr Silver Plate, and also a buty upon Licences to be taken out by Pawnbrokers dealing in Gold or Silver Plate,*and Keliners of Gold or Silver; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act to amend an Act, maue in the last Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duty granted by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, on Silver Plate, and for grantingaDuty on Licences to he taken out by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silvet* Plate; by permitting the Sale of Gold or Silver Plate in small Quantities, without Licence, and by granting a Duty instead of the Duty now payable upon Licences to be taken out by certain Dealers in Gold dr Silver Plate, and also a Duty upon Licences to be taken out by Pawnbrokers dealing in Gold or Silver Plate, and Refiners of Gold or Silver.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made between the most noble John L)uke of Bedford, and Ambrose Reddall Gentleman, Judy his Wife; and Elizabeth their only Child, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Portsihotith; 4c. Docks,

Blackett's

Marriaoe

Articles.

Supply*

Mr. Earle presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Land and Hereditaments at and near Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth, a $ have been purchased for the Purposes mentioned in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, aild Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth and Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for making Compensation for Damage done to the Lands adjacent to the said Lands and Hereditaments at and near Chatham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

That the several annual Sums following be granted to his Majesty, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of such of the Judges fur the Time being, in the Superior Courts of Justice in England, as are herein-aftermentioned; that is to say, the Sum of Five hundred.

Pounds to each of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench; the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to each of the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, at West*

Yninficr; the Sum of One thousand Pounds to the Chief Baron in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster; and the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to each of the other Belong of the Coif, in the find Court; in every Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several annual Sums following be granted to Ids Majesty, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, for the Time being; that is to say, the Sum of Three hundred Pounds to the President of the said Court of Session, the Sum of Three hundred Pounds to the Chief Baron of the said Court of Exchequer, and the Sum of Two hundred Pounds to each of the other Judges of the said Courts; in every Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several annual Sums following be granted to his Majesty, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Justices of Chefe\\ and of the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, for the Titne being; that is to say, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds to the Chief Justice of Chcfer, the Sum of Opie hundred and Fifty Pounds to the Second Justice of Chcfer; and the Sum of One hundred and Fifty Pounds to each of the indices of the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, in every Year.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were*; upon the Question fererally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill to eiplaiii and amefid the AS, of Encourage-, the 29th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act ment of Sea-for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more spe^dy men* and effectual Manning his Majesty's Navy* was read the Third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, For allowing Commissions to be granted as formerly for trading Ships taking out Letters of Marque:

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was amended.

Then the said Clause was read the Third time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Fart of the Bill, by way of Rider;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Comrtiittee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution the Artitles made on the Marriage of Sir Edward Blackett, Baronet, with Dame Ann hisWife, by a Settlement to be made with and Under certain Variations and Provisidns more beneficial for the Issueofthesaid Marriage,wascommitted, That the Com-m ittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order* reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; find afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vol. 28,

26.

26:

Tellers for the Yeas $Sir EU

tellers for the *eas, JMr

i Sir Francis Poole,

Tellers for the Noes,?Mr. Charles Townfield

(of Yarmouth. }

And the Members being equal, Mr. Speaker said. That although the Clause, as intended, might be beneficial to Trade, yet he thought the Inconveniences likely to arise from it were fuel), as, by introducing many Frauds, would defeat the whole Purpose and Design of the Bill, and therefore declared himself with the Noes.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider* for limiting the Continuance of the Act:

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which being filledup, the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereu pon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement Of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy; and for the better Prevention of Piracies and Robberies, by the Crewtf of Private Ships of War.

7 It Ordered

580 15* — 16* — 170 Mali A. 17 59;

Ordered, That Mr. cany the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ceneral The Order of the Day being read, For the House to AdskC ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending, and reducing in to One Act of Parliament, the Three several Acts, of the 26th, 28th, and 30th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom

A Motion was made; and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read; levant The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Trade. whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better preventing the Importation of the Woollen Manufactures of France into any of the ‘Ports in (he Levant

Sea, by or on the behalf of any of his Majesty’s Subjects.

’ Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Berkeley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

,/ Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

v And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

..... — 1 ——

Mercurii, 16* Mail;

Anno 3 2° Georgii II. Regis, 1759. Prayrrs.

A MESSAGE from the Lords by Mr. Mountague and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Studley The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ®ru|4c to continue and amend Two Acts, One made in the 13th

* Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

First, and the other in the 17th Year of his present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads leading from Chippenham, and for repairing several Roads leading from Chippenham Bridge; and to repeal so much of an Act, made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road between the said Bridge and Lower Stanton, in the County of Wilts \ without any Amendment. And then the Mdfengers withdrew.

House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duties payable upon raw short Silk or Capiton, and Silk Nubs or Husks of Silk.

Ordered, That the Memorial of the Silk Throwers of London to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners of the Customs, 23d March 1759, on the Petition of the Siik Throwers of London, with Draught of a Clause for repealing the Duties now payable upon raw shortSilk or Capiton, and Silk Nubs or Hulks of Silk, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money repaid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, of the Sum of £. 100,000, granted to his Majesty by a Vote of this House, of the 15th Day of December 1755, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Em.press of Russia, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the double Six Penny Stamp Duties; distinguishing the Matters in respeti, whereof such Duties were paid; for One Year, ending 2d Day of August 1758; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the triple SixPenny Stamp Duties on Writs, for one Year, ending 2d Day of August 1758, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the double Penny Stamp Duties, for one Year, ending 2d Day of August 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chariton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Samples of A Bill for further regulating the Power of taking Liquor taken Samples of foreign Spirituous Liquors by the Ofacers byfixeife- of Excise; and also for impowering the Traders to take such Samples before the Duties are charged, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply. The Order of the Day being road, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways The other Order of the Day being read, for the and Means. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole .16

Jovis, 170 d;

Anno 32° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

AN ingrofaed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange, agreed to be made between the Most noble John Duke of Bedford, and Ambrose Reddail Gentleman, Judy his Wife, and Elizabeth their only Child, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That, the Bill do oafs.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution the Articles made on the Marriage of Sir Edward Blackett, Baronet, with Dams Ann his Wife, by a Settlement to be marls with arid under certain Variations and Privisions more beneficial for thelffue of the said Marriage,was read tlieThird time.

Jljulved,

Duke of

Bcilforo*#

Elhie*.

Bhckrtf.

iVIwrrir.-c

Articles.﻿Barn (lev.

See.'

Road.

Bolton upon Dcarne Inclol'ure.

Levant

Trade.

Came! ford Writ.

Ways and Means.

32 Geo. Ii. 17* Mail.

Resolved, That the Bill do |Snfs.

Ordered, That. Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Mt-ffage from the Lords by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fortepairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnftey Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also the Road from the GuidePoJl, in Barug/t, to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence, for Two hundred Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthome, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and comtnon Fields, Meadows, common Failures, and waste Grounds, in the Pari Hi or Township of Bolton upon Dearne, in the County of York, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Berkeley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing the Importation of the Woollen Manufactures of France into any of the Ports in the Levant Sea, by or on the Behalf of any of his Majesty’s Subjects, was Committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the Attestation of Certificates.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be -made Part of the Bill.

And.several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordera/, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cam el ford, in the County of Corn-tvall, in the room of Sir John Lade Baronet, deceased.

Mr* Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred taconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth: viz.

BeJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, That the Duties now payable upon raw short Silk or Capiton, and Silk Nubs, or Hulks of Silks, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July 1759, cease and determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu thereof, the same Duties shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July 1759, be paid to his Majesty upon the Importation of raw lhort Silk or Capiton, and Silk NubS, or Hulks of Silk, as are now payable-upon raw long Silk imported, and be applied to the lamie Uiies and Purposes.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, repaid -into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and now remaining the re, being the same Sum which was granted to his

Vql. 28.

Majesty by a Vote of this tToufe, of the 15th Day of December 1755, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Empress of Ruffin, he ilined aacl applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament. "

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the annual Sums of Money granted to his Majesty, to be applied in Augmentation of thfe Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King's Bench; the Judges in the Court of Common Fleas; the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer; at West-mi nfier and of the Justices of Chester and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales', an additional Stamp Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall he ingrossed or written any Affidavit to be made Use of in any Court of Law or Equity at Westminster, or in the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or County Palatine of Chester; except Affidavits taken pursuant to several Acts, made in the Thirtieth, and Two-and-thirtielh, Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for burying in Woollen, and except such Affidavits as shall be taken before the Officers of the Customs, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before any Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed; by any Act of Parliament, for the assessing and levying any Aids or Duties granted, or to be granted, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and which Affidavits shall be taken by the said Officers of the Customs, JuC-tices, or Commissioners, by virtue of their Authority as Justices of the Peace, or Commissioners respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That, towards raising the said annual Sums, an additional Stamp Duty of Six Pence, be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, oh which shall be ingrossed or written any Copy of such Affidavit as is herein before charged, that shall be filed or read in any of the aforesaid Courts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That,towards raising the said annual Sums, an additional Stamp Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed or written any Common Bail to be filed in any Court of Law at Westmivfter, or in anV of the aforesaid Courts, and any Appearance that shall be made upon such Bail.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the said annualSums,an additional Stamp Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed or written any Rule or Ordermafte or given in any Court of Law or Equity at Westminster.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed,-That, towards raising the said annual Sums, an additional Stamp Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed or written any Copy of such Rule or Order.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, Thlf, towards raising the said annual Sums, an additional Stamp Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed or written any original Writ (except such Original on which a Writ of Capias issues), Subpoena, Bill of Middle]’ex, Latitat, Writ of Capias Quo minus. Writ of Dedimus Potestatem tb take Answers, examine Witnesses, or appoint Guardians, or any other Writ whatsoever, or any other Process or Mandate that shall ifl’ue out of, or past, the Seals of any the Courts at Westminster, Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, Courts in the Counties Palatine; or any other Court whatsoever holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings or above, or the Thing, in Demand is of that Value; Writs of Covenant for levying Fines, Writs of Entry for suffering common Recoveries, and Writs of Habeas Corpus, excepted.

Resolvedt

Ways And Means.

588 »7*

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, That, towards railing the faiii annual Sums,an additional Stamp Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrafted or written any Deposition taken in the Court of Chancery, or other Court of Equity, at Westminster; except the Paper Draughts of Depositions, taken by virtue of any Commission, before they are ingrafted, or upon which shall be ingrafted or written any Copy ofany Bill, Answer, Plea, Demurrer, Replication, Rejoinder, Interrogatories, Deposition, or other Proceedings whatsoever, in such Courts of Equity.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That,towards raising tile said annual Sums, an additional Stamp Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrafted or written auy Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other Pleading whatsoever, in any Court of Law at Westminster, ~or in any of the Courts of the Principality of Wales, or in any of the Courts in the Counties Palatine of Chefer, Lan-cafer, or Durham.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the said annual Sums, an additional Stamp Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrafted or written any Copy of such Declarations, Pleas, Replications, Rejoinders, Demurrers, or other Pleadings.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the annual Sums of Money granted to his Majesty, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges in the Courts of Section and Exchequer in Scotland, be charged upon, and made payable out of, any the Customs, Duties, Excises, or Revenues, imposed, or to be imposed, upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or to which the Subjects of Scotland are or may be liable, preferable to any other Payment; the Expellees of keeping up the Courts of Section, Justiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland, which are now paid or payable, and the Charges of Management of the said Culioms, Duties, Excises, and Revenues, excepted.

The Twelve first Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Ialt Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made thereto; viz.

After the Words " payable out of’ to leave out " any" to leave out " Culioms," to leave out " Excises or," and insert " and" instead thereof; to leave out, imposed, or t( to be imposed upon," and insertie in" instead thereof; to leave out from the next "Scotland" to the Word " keeping," and inferring instead thereof " which u by an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign ic of Queen Anne, were charged, or made chargeable, " with the Payment of the Fees, Salaries, and other * Charges, allowed, or to be allowed, by her Majesty, her Heirs, or Successors, for;" after c< Seftion" to Wfert *c and ;M after " Exchequer" to insert " Court," and to leave cut from " Scotland " to the End of the Resolution.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Refolded, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution lb amended, That the annual Sums of Money granted to his Majesty, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges in the Courts of Section and Exchequer in Scotland, be charged upon, and made payable out of, the Duties and Revenues in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which, by an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, were charged or chargeable, with the Payment of the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges, allowed, or to be allowed, by her Majesty, her Heirs, or Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Section and Justiciary, and Exchequer Court, in Scotland.

Mail. A.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to tta Two first of the said Resolutions And that Mr. Chari-ton, Mr. /Fey?, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Samuel Afar tin, do pre* pare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Resolutions, whiefy upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confide* further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to bj' the House, might be read:

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Refolded, That the several annual Sums following be of granted to his Majesty, to be applied in Augmentation " of the Salaries of such of the Judges, for the Time " being, in the superior Courts of Justice in England

<c as are herein after mentioned; that is to say, the Sum u of Five hundred Pounds to each of the Puisne Judges " in the Court of King's Bench; the Sum of Five hun-,c dred Pounds to each of the Judges in the Court of " Common Pleas, at Westminster; the Sum of One " thousand Pounds to the Chief Baron in the Court of <c Exchequer at Westminster; and the Sum of Five u hundred Pounds to each of the other Barons of the " Coif in the said Court; in every Year."

" Refolded, That the several annual Sums following be " granted to his Majesty, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges in the Courts of " Section and Exchequer hi Scotland, for the Time u being; that is to say, the Sum of Three hundred " Pounds to the President of the said Court of Session,

" the Sum of Three himdred Pounds to the Chief Baron <c of the said Court of Exchequer, and the Sum of Two " hundred Pounds to each of the otheF Judges of the the said Courts, in every Year."

" Refolded, That the several annual Sums following " be granted to his Majesty, to be applied in Augmen-fC tation of the Salaries of the iniWczsofChefer, and of u the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, for the " Time being; that is to say, the Sum of Two hundred " Pounds to the Chief Justice of Chefer, the Sum of c< One hundred and Fifty Pounds to the Second Justice u of Chefer, and the Sum of One hundred and Fifty " Pounds to each of the Justices of the Great Sessions " for the Counties in Wales, in every Year."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said last mentioned Resolutions, and also to the Ten last of the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the SuppIy granted to his Majesty, and agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Samuel Martin, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. OJioald, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- imports* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon of the Bill for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Cambric^ Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns; c‘

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Samplrsof whole House, upon the Bill for further regulating the Liquors Power of taking Samples of Foreign Spirituous Liquors ,ake.n b? by the Officers of Excise; and also for impowering the £xc Traders to take such Samples before the Duties are charged.

Mr. Speaker left: the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

Suppty Bill; consolidating Annuities.

Supply Bill; Licennng Plate Workers.

Expiring Laws; Copper, &c.

Admeasurement of

Coa}g»

Committees.

Cricklev Hill Roads.

j 2 Gfio. II. 176 — 18° Ma 58

tnents thereunto; which they had dirked him to Report, when the House will please to receive the tame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 18° die Maii;

Anno 32° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for adding certain Annuities, granted in the Year 1757, to the joint Stock of Three per Centum Annuities, coti-folidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, and 29th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for carrying1 the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking Fund; and for charging the Annuities on Angle Lives, granted in the Year 1757, on the Produce of the said Fund; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the lafiSession of Parliament, for repealing the Duty granted by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reurn of Ins late Majesty, on Silver Plate, and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate; by permitting the Sale of Gold or Silver Plate in finall Quantities, without Licence; and by granting a Duty instead of the Duty no v payable upon Licences to be taken out by certain Dealers in Gold or Silver Plate; and also a Duty upon Licences to be taken out by Pawnbrokers dealing in Gold or Silver Plate, and Refiners of Gold or Silver; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the Premium upon Mails, Yards, and Bovv-fprits/JTar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for enlarging the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and also for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and filing thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act more effecttially to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Ad-nieafurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary Le Bon, and such Part of the Purith of Saint Andrew Holbourn as lies in the County of Middlesex, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Geo. SavUe, Mr. Plumptre,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Thorotcn, Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Fcllozves, Mr. Earle, Mr. Fonereati, Mr. Coventry,

Mr. Haldane, Mr. Willy, Mr. Medlycott, Sir John Cijt,

Mr. Bagot, Sir Henry Er/kine, Mi'.. ThistleUatiayte. Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Webb, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Oswald, Mr. Foley, Mr. Chauncey Tozonfend, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Watson, Mr. Huff y, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr;

Brudenell, Mr. Lowndes,- Mr. Affleck, Sir John Crofte;

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. God/ftphin, Mi'. Martin;

Mr. Ga/hry, Mr, Rose Fuller, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Mohj-neux, Mr. Nugent.; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Oxford, Berks, Wilts, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And £ Motion being made. That the Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed iiponi the said Bill, upon Monday Morning next;

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 8th Day of June lati, of the Proceedings of the House in relation to the Bill for Relief of the Coal heavers working upon the River Thanies and for ascertaining the Price of their Labour; and for enabling the ta to make a Provision for such of them-, selves as shall be lick, lame, or pall their Labour; and for their Widows and Orphans; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave ta fit, and proceed upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road leading from the Top of Crickley Hilly in the County of Gloucester, to the utmost

Extent of the said County, upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to SuppL Bill* Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties now payable upon gjj£0rl raw short Silk or Capiton, and Silk Nubs, or Husks of 1 Silk; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors Porrfmouth* of such Land and Hereditament s at and near Chatham; ttockg.

Portsmouth, and Plymouth, as have been purchased for the Purp Tes mentioned in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Mefluagt's, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the betterftcuringhis Majesty’sDocks, Ships,and Stores, at Porlfrftouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, find foethe better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth and Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for making Compensation for Damage done to the Lands adjacent to the said Lands and Hereditaments at and near Chatham; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be cDrtimittdd to aCothmittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve it.self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Inftriiftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Clauses, that the Lands and Premises purchased at and near Portsmouth and Chatham* for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be subject to the Payment of the Land Tax, and all Parilti Taxes and Rates, in proportion with the other Lands and Premises in the respective Parishe^ where the Lands, so purchased, do lie.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road leading from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to the utmost Extent of the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Townjhaid, Sir William Co dr ington,

Ytol. 28.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported From the Samjrfdi of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill f>r rla^n by fu rther regulating the Po wer of tak ing Sam pies of so reign Excitement Spirituous Liquors by tho Officers of Excise; and also for impowering the Traders to take fuel,) Samples before the Dut ies are charged; Was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he

7 L* read

590 i8* —

read the Report in his Place; And afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Ainendments,-m at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Sill; Mr. Chariton presented to the House, according to Judges Order, a Bill for augmenting the Salaries of the Puisne Salaries. Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, at Westminster, the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, and Justices of Chester and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Cam bricks, Upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the &c' fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Duty on Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Offices and explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Pensions. Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; so far as the same relates to the Rates and Duties on Offices and Pensions: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. West, Mr. Nugent, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr Staunton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cor.fider farther of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The House was moved, That so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth and the Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; as relates to the Payment of Interest upon the Sums that should be assessed for the true and real Value of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, veiled for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, <c A Copy of the Judgments and Decrees of the Commissioners named " and authorized in and by virtue of a Commission " under the Great Seal of Great Britain, issued in purfuauce, and by virtue of, an Act of Parliament, made " in the last Sessions, intituled, An Act for vesting certain " Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, " for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and <c Stores, at PortJmouthyChatham, and Plymouth, and for u the better fortifying the Town of Vortfmouth and " Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; 4C and other Purposes therein mentioned ;" be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charges incurred in pursuance of an Act, of 31st Year of his Majesty’s Riign, for the purchasnig of Lands for the better securing his Majesty s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Pvrtf-81

1 Mali. 1759*

mouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, be referred to Uie said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being tead;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Ways Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Mean*. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lun&y 21° die Maii

Anno 32* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

MR. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom cricktey Hill the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Roads. 14th Year of his present Majestys Reign, as relates to the Road leading from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to the utmost Extent of the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then aSecond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That in Obedi- General ence to the Commands of this House of the 6th Day of Amherst’s December last, he had transmitted to Major General y^oV. Amheift their Thanks for the Services he had done to his Thanks. King and County in North America; and that he had, on Saturday last, received the following Answer from Major General Amherst; viz.

Sir, Next) York, April 16th 1759.

I had the Favour of receiving your very obliging Letter of the 6th of December, inclosing a Resolution the House of Commons came to that Day, in a Packet from Mr. Wood on the 3d of April.

It is with the deepest Sense of Gratitude I receive that highest Mark of Honour, the Thanks of the House; and I hope my future Conduct, in the Service of my Country, will best acknowledge it, and render me more deserving of so very great an Honour.

I must beg Leave to return you, Sir, my most sincere Thanks for the gracious Manner in which you have been pleased tofignify to me the Resolution of the House.

I am, with the utmost Respect,

Sir,

Your most humble,

and most obedient Servant,

Jeff. Amherst.

An

2 Ge6. It.

21* M

59

Warburtou’s

Leifes.

Samples of l quorS taken by Excifanen.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower William Warburton Esquire, to make Leases of Part of his settled Estate in Malvern Chafe, for Ninety-nine Years, in order for the cultivating and improving of the fame, was read the Third lime. dlifolvedy That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandi/s do carry the Bill to th£ Lords, an I acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for further regulating the Power of taking Samples of foreign Spirituous Liquors by the Officers of Excise; and also for impowering the Traders to take such Samples before the Duties are charged was read the third Time.

llcfulved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further regulating the Power of taking Samples of foreign Spirituous Liquors by the Officers of Excise; and also for impowering the Traders to take such Samples before the Duties are charged.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Encouragement of Seamen.

Mefl&ge

from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and

A

Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual maftning his Majesty’s Navy; and for the better Prevention of Piracies and Robberies by the Crews of Private Ships of War; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for making Compensation for Damage done to the Lands adjacent to the said Lands and Hereditaments at and near Chatham; That they have Poweu* to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the First of the said Resolutions.

Mr. Samuel Martin prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; so far as the same relates to the Rates and Duties on Offices and Pensions: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for augmenting the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, at Westminster, the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, and Justices of Chester and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Duty on. Offices and Scnfiont*

Sbpply Bill; Judges Salaries.

Supply.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed liim to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen Pounds One Shilling and Seven Pence Half Penny, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Interest of the several principal Sums to be paid in pursuance of an Act, of the 31st Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Purchase of foveral Lands and Hereditaments for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, from the respective Times the said Lands and Hereditaments were first made use of for the Purposes aforesaid, or Interest became payable, to the 25th Day of August 1759.

A- Rejulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Four hundred Forty-three.Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charges incurred in pursuance of an Act, made in the 31st Yoar of his present Majesty’s Reign, for purchasing Lands for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be^m Instruction to the Committee of the w hole I louse, to whom the Bill for making Corn-pensation to the Proprietors of such Land and Hereditaments at and near Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth, as have been purchased for the Purposes mentioned in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for veftingeertain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Ports mouth and Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, Vql, 28.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hotife, upon the Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments at and near Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth, as have been purchased for the Purposes mentioned in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditament?, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth, and Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes t herein mentioned; and for making Compensation for Damage done to the Lands adjacent to the said Lands and Hereditaments at and near Chatham;

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, " A Copy of the <c Judgments and Decrees of the Commissioners named " and authorized in and by virtue of a Commission c< under the Great Seal of Great Britain, issued in pursuance and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the last Sessions, intituled, An Act for vesting certain " Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, " for the better securing his Majesty’sDocks, Ships, and "Stores at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and, <c for the better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth and a Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; " and other Purposes therein mentioned;" be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Older of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself iuto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

Portsmouth, Uc. Dock*.

Supply.

Way* and MiBnt;

594 2l° — W A. 1759,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had Come to a RefoJution; which they had directed him to report, when the House wijl please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Poftfmouth, Resolved, That this House will, at Half an Hour after

Sec* Docks. Four of the Clock this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments at and near Chatham, Port/mouth, and Plymouth, as have been purchased for the Purposes mentioned in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Ports mouthy Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Porifmouth and Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purpose? therein tnentioned: and for making Cempensation for Damage done to the Lands adjacent to the said Lands and Hereditaments at and near Chatham.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Levant An ingrafted Bill for the better preventing the Impor-Trade. tation of the Woollen Manufactures of France, into any of the Ports in the Levant Sea, by or on the Behalf of any of his Majesty’s Subjects, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill > viz.

Pr. 7. L. 21. To leave out "or Affirmation.’*

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refilvedy That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better preventing the Importation of the Woollen Manufactures of France into any of the Ports in the Levant Sea, by or on the Behalf of any of his Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

importation A Petition of the several Merchants, Wholesale Dra-of pers, and Traders in Linen, of the City of London, whose

Cam^!cks' Names are thereunto subscribed; on behalf of them-' selves, and severalThoufands of other Wholesale Drapers

and Traders in Linen throughout Great Britain.

And the said Petition was read: alleging. That, by the Bill now depending in the House, fort’ne more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns,all Persons who shall have any Cambricks or French Lawns in their Possession, after the Time to be therein limited, are subjected to certain Penalties and Forfeitures, all Warehouses and Dwelling Houses are made liable to Search, and the Persons accused directed to be held to special Bail, without any previous Accu-far ion upon Oath; and in case of any Doubt, with respect to the Species or Quality of the Goods, or where the la ue were manufactured, the Proof is to lie upon the On nor, and not upon the Prosecutor; and that the Petit ioners conceive several of the Provisions in the said Bill; if the same lliould be passed iijto a Law, will.be

greatly detrimental to the Petitioners, and other Thu ders in Linen: And therefore praying, That they may have Leave to be heard by their Counsel against such Parts of the said Bill as will materially affect them.

Ordered, That the fair! Peti l ion be referred to the C011-fiderationpf the CommitteeofthewholeHouse, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be beard by themselves, or their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

The Order made this Day, for the House to resolve Tarrtiwidi itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the &c‘Doclu< Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments at and near Chatham, Ports. mouth, and Plymouth, as have been purchased for the Purposes mentioned in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Ports mouth and Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for making Compensation lor Damage done to the Lands adjacent to the said Lands and Hereditaments at and near Chatham; at Half an Hour after Four of the Clock this Afternoon, being read;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Earle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Earle reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of what Quantity of long raw Silk has been Silk imported into England, for Three Years, ending Mi. lmPorted« chaehnas 1758; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Molyneux have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Ditto*

count of what Quantity of raw Silk, under the Denomination of Nubs and Hulks, have been imported into England, for Three Years, ending Michaelmas 1758; dilUnguishing each Year.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis2 2° die Mail;

Anno 32° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Reverend Doctor Moss, Rec- pr. Mofcto for o f Saint James's Westminster, be deft red to preach preach oa before this House, at Saint Margaret's Westminster, on May. TueJ'day the 29th Day of this Inllaut May: And that Major General Cornwallis, Sir John Crojfc, and Mr.

Plumptre, do acquaint him therewith.

An ingrossed Bill to amend so much of an Act, made Crickley Hi! in the24th'Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates Koadi.

to the Road leading from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to the utmoll Extent of the <said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved,

3^ Geo. it. 2 2°

595

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; as relates to the Road leading from the T of of Cricklcyllill, in the County of Gloucc/ier, to the utmost Extent of the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

OnflowThe Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estates. making a Partition and Division of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, agreed to be purchased by Thomas late Lord Oiijlow, and for settling and limiting the same for the Benefit of the fevetal Persons claiming under his Marriage Settlement and Will respectively; and also for felling and dispofmgof Timber growing on the Ellate devised by his Will, for the Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill was read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

from Mr. Secretary Pitt acquainted the House, That he had the- Kins; a Message from his Majesty to this House, signed by his Vote of Majesty: And he presented the same to the House; and ie ,c* it was read by Mr. Speaker; all the Members of the House being uncovered; and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, relying on the experienced Zeal and Affection of his faithful Commons, and considering that, in this critical Conjuncture, Emergencies may arise which may be of theutmost Importance, and be attended with the most perniciousConsequences, if proper Means should not he immediately applied to prevent or defeat them, is desirous. That this House will enable him to' defray ativ extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1759: anrl to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

G. R.

Resolved, Nomine contradicente, That his Majesty’s most gracious Message he referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Poftfmmith, Mr. Earle, according to Order, reported from the be. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Docks, making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments at and ne^tChatkam, Portsmouth,w[\d 'Plymouth, as have been purchased for the Purposes mentioned in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Porlfnouth, Chatham, and Ply mouthy and for the better fortifying the Town oiPortJ mouthy and Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for making Compensation for Damage done to the Lands adjacent to the said Lands and Hereditaments at and near Chatham, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and Ire read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by ' the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charlton^ccording to Order, reported from the Vofc. 28/

Committee of the whole House, to whqm it was referred" Ways and to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Me*nSf Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the* House; which lie read in his Place; anrl afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two Millions Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as shall or may arise of the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That the Resolution, which, Ways upon the Third Day of April Iaft, was reported from the Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

<c Resolved, That such Part of the Sum of One hundred C£ thousand Pounds, granted to his Majesty in the last £< Session of Parliament, upon Account, towards de-£C fraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the " Militia, for the Year 1758; and for defraying such £C Expences as were actually incurred upon the Account <£ of the Militia in the Year 1757; as shall remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer after Satisfaction of the " said Charges and Expences; be issued and applied £C towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament."

The House was also moved. That the Resolutions, which upon the 30th Day of April la ft, were reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and were' then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Sum of One hundred Eighty " thousand and Seventy-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings <£ and Three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of the <£ Exchequer, disposable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th " Day of April 1759, be issued and applied towards " making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in <£ this Session of Parliament."

5£ Resolved, That the Sum of Seventy-three thousand <£ Three hundred and Eight Pounds Three Shillings " and Ten Pence Farthing, now remaining in the <c Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the "Service oP the Year 1758, be issued and applied " towards making good lhe Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament."

The House was also moved, That the Third of the Resolutions, which, upon Thursday last, were reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That the Sum of One hundred thousand " Pounds, repaid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and " now remaining the re, being the same Sum which was " granted to his Majesty by a Vote of this House, of the " 15th Day of December 1755, to enable his Majesty " to make good his Engagements with the Empress ofRufjiciy be issued and applied towards making goodthe Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session ofParliament.’

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Four last mentioned Resolutions, and also purfuanfc to the Resolution this Day reported from the Committee

7 M of

594 22* — 23 ^.1759.

of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. West, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

The other Order of the Day being read;

Importation The House resolved itself into a Committee of the of whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual pre-Canabricks, venting the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Petition of the several Merchants, Wholesale Drapers, and Traders in Linen, of the City *': of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on

behalf of themselves, and several Thousands of other Wholesale Drapers and Traders in Linen throughout Great Britain, referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and had heard the Petitioners, by their Counsel; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hirii to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

V And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

rf ——

Mercurii\ 23* die Matt;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759.

P k, a y e a s

THE House being informed. That Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, prefemed to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Account of; An Account of what Quantity of long raw Silk, and Silk Silk Nubs and Hulks, has been imported into England, imported. from Christmas 1755, to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply Bill; Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Sinking Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Fund. Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain

Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1759: And the same was received; and read the Eirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Portsmouth, An ingrossed Bill for making Compensation to the Ac. Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments at and Docks. near Chatham, PortJ\'moiifli, and Plymouth, as have been

purchased for the Purposes mentioned in an Act, made in the last -Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Vesting . certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, qqd for the better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth and Citadel of Plymouth, iu Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for making Compensation for Damage done to the Lands adjacent to the said Lands and Hereditaments &jt and near Chatham.i was read the Third time.

19

Resolved, That the Bill dopkfs: And that the Title be, An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments, as have been purchased for the better fecuFing his Majesty’s Docks,

Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, Por/Jmouth, and Plymouth, and for better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth, and Citadel of Plymouth, in pursuance of <an Act of the last Session of Parliament -y and for other Purposes therein mentioned. *.;

Ordered, That Mr. Earle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ‘

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Milford for applying a Sum of Money granted, in this Session of Harbour. Parliament, towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke; and to amend, and render mofe effectual, an Act of last Session of Parliament, for applying a Sum of Money, towards fortifying the said Harbour; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall Con- - tinue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates, for their Creditors Benefit; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Erjkinc do make the Report Taylor’s from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Samuel kcurity for Taylor, lately Merchant of Greenock, was referred. pS.

Sir Henry Erjkirie accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed a State thereof to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Agent for the Petitioner laid before your Committee a Report from the Commissioners of the Qustoms in Scotland, dated 28 July 1757, upon the Petition of the said Samuel Taylor to the Commissioners of his Majesty’sTreasury, and which was referred to the fajd Commissioners of the Customs; by which Report it appears, that the Petitioner, with Four other Persons, gave Bond for the Payment of £. 1,407 for the Duties

onTobacco: That the Duties drawn back on the Exportation of Tobacco, and Money paid before the Bond became due, amount to £. 751 12 s. %kd:

That in Discharge of the Residue, and Interest thereupon, there has been paid by the Petitioner (the other Obligees being Bankrupts), £.578 5 s. 6frf. of which there has been applied to Interest £. 247 1 s. 3f d. and to Principal £.331 4 s. 3 d. which reduced the principal Debt, on the 20th September 1735, to £. 324 7 s. 1 d.

That, for recovering the said principal Sum of £. 324 7 s. lof d. and Interest from the Time of the last Payment, Judgment was obtained against the said Samuel Taylor, and Execution issued thereon in Candlemas Vacation 1756; and that he was taken on a Capias, and is now a Prisoner in the Gaol of Renfrew: That the Interest due by the said Taylor, calculated to the said 28th July 1757, amounts to £.308 14^. 7d. That he had remitted, at Three different Times, £. 85 o *Y ocL to James Stewart, Clerk to Mr. Lafcells, late Solicitor of the Customs, to be applied in Discharge of so much of the Bond; but the said Stewart applied the same to his own Use: That an Extent has been issued out against the said _.StfwarL,.stnd an Inquisition taken, and he is found liable for the Debt; and that the said Commissioners are informed the Money will be recovered; That the said Taylor is infojvent, and ax) Qbjeqt of Cornpaffion, and the Commissioners are of Opinion, that the Interest and Cofh

may

32 Geo. II. «3° — 240 Mali, 595

ipay:he remitted; and ihat it may not be improper likewise to remit the principal Sum.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie Upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. t

Duty o*t r A Bill to' explain and amend an Act, made in the last Office and gefljem of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to Fcd on*. several Rates and Duties upon Offices and

Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties so far as the same relates to the Rates and Duties on Offices and Pensions was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole HoUfe, upon the said Bill.

Importation Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, = was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply* The House, according to Order, resolved-itself into a Chmmittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; "

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morii-

ind Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Tailing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

’ jfovisy 24° die Malt;

Anno gi' Georgii Ilai Regis, 1759. Praters.

Committees. ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

Samuel Taylor, lately Merchant of Greenock, was referred, might be ’again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Relief of the said Samuel Taylor, in respect to Bonds executed by him in the Year 1728, for Payment of certain Duties upon Tobacco, on behalf of Robert M'Gown,

Robert Pat erf on, James Blairi and John Grayi

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply# Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House 5 Which he read in his* Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folldweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One million, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1759 *, and to take all fuchMeafures as may be necessary to disappoinfe or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Judges the Bill for augmenting the Salaries of the Puisne Judges Salaries, in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, at Westminster, the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, and Justices of Chester and the GreatSessions for the Counties in Wales,

A Motion was made; and the Question being proposed. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to restrain the Judges, comprehended within the Provisions of the said Bill, from taking any Fee, Gift, Present, or Entertainment, from any City, Town, Borough, or Corporation, or from any Sheriff, Under-sheriff, Gaoler, or other Officer acting under them, upon their several and respective Circuits; and like wife to restrain the said Judges from taking any Fee, Gift, or Gratuity, from any Office, Officer or Officers, of any of the Courts of Law;

The House was moved, That ati Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third, intituled.

The Justices of both Benches, Assize, <Sfc. shall do Right to all Men, take no Fee, but of the King, nor give Counsel where the King is Party, might bd read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the ift and ad Sec- tions of an Act, made in the 13th and 14 th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing the unnecessary Charge of Sheriffs, and for Ease in passing their Accounts, might be read;

And the same was read accordingly.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Sinking Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for appiyiogeertain *un Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1750, Was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hpufe* upon the said Bill.

Taylor’s The House was moved. That the Report which was

Security for ma(je from the Committee, ta whom; the Petition of -certain xr o

Duties. - VOL. 28#

Then the Question being put, That it be an Ittftruc-tron to the said; Committee, that they have Power to receive a Glaule or Clauses, to restrain the Judges, comprehended within the Provisions of the said Bill, from taking any Fee, Gift, Present, or Entertainment, from any City, Town, Borough, or Corporation, or from any; Sheriff, Under-sheriff, Gaoler, or other Officer acting under them, upon their several' and respective Circuits* and likewise to restrain the said Judges from taking any1 Fee, Gift, or Gratuity, from any Office, Officer of Officers, of any of the Courts of Law;

The House divided.

<’ The Yeas Went‘forth* " '....

Teltarg

240 — 250 Maii. 1759.

Tellers for the ^{u

Tellers for the Noes| JJj;: } 8o*

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made; and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for retraining such Judges, Barons and Justices, as are comprehended within the Provisions of the said Bill, from interfering, otherwise than by giving their own Votes, in any Election of Members to serve in Parliament;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please. to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Duty on Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Pensions"* re^ve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Piates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Annuities and a Lottery* to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; so far as the same relates to the Rates arid Duties on Offices and Pensions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow* Alorning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 250 die Maii;

Anno 320 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759. Prayers.

Supply Bill; (JRDERED, That the Order of the Day for the House Smking to refo|ve itself into a Committee of the whole

mi House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1759, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton, reported from the Committee, THat they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Judges Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

Salaries, augmenting the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King's Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, at Westminster, the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in*Sco//</Mrf, and Justices of Ckefier and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales* was

committed, the Amendments which’ the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend meats, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

The House was moved, That the Seventh of the Resolutions, which, upon Tln/rfday the 1 7th Day of this Instant May, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

TheResidue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effeduaJ preventing importation the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French of Lawns, was read the Third time. Carabncks,

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, relating to Linens which may b^ apprehended to be not easily distinguishable from Cambricks or French Lawns.

And the said Clause was once read.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{"j.'S*.- > '6-

TellersforUreN^f^ } 5i.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual preventing t he fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order,resolved itself into a Ways Committee of the whole House, to consider further of and Means, Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Five.

Millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; so far as the same relates to the Rates and Duties on Offices and Pensions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr,

Duty on Offices and Pensious.

32 Geo. II.

2 50 — i6a Mali.

Mr. Charlton reporter! from the Comm It tee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made federal Amendments thereunto; which t!iey had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

tituled, An Act for making a Partition and Division of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Sur* rey, agreed to be purchased by Thomas late Lord Onslow, and for settling and limiting the same for the Benefit of the several Persons claiming under his Marriage Settlement and Will respectively; and also for felling and disposing of Timber growing on the Estate devised by his Will, for the Purposes therein mentioned; upon Wednesday Morning next.

Onslow*#

Eiiates.

Sabbatiy 26° Maii;

Anno 320 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759. Prayer s.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making a Partition and Division of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Surrey, agreed to be purchased by Thomas late Lord Onslow, and for settling and limiting the same for the Benefit of the several Persons claiming under his Marriage Settlement and Will respectively; and also for felling and disposing of Timber growingon the Estate devised by his Will, for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Molyneux, Mr. We/t, Mr. Fuller, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Fail fax, Lord North, Mr. Bacon, Mr; Wejifaling, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Townshend, General Cornwallis, Mr. Finch, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Wittes., Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Campbell ot Calder, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Fane, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Sandys, Lord Malpas, Mr. Nugent, Lord Frederick Cavendijk, Mr. Harbor d, Lord Dig by, Mr. Staunton, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Bankes, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Thomas Townshend junior, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Belchier, Lord Middleton, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Alexander, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Burrell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Marlin, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Scott, Mr. Webb, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Whichcott, Mr. Morton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lultrell, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Jones, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hunt, Sir Edward Montagu, Mr. Mackay, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Gore; and all the Members who fervefor the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And a Motion being made, That the Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Wednesday Morning next;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 13th Day of July 1717, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Pa trick Wemys Esquire, to fell certain Houses in Dublin for Payment of Debts; and for settling Lands in the County of Kilkenny and elsewhere to the same Uses, to which the Houses to be sold were settled; might be read: And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 24th Day of May 1728, of the Proceedings of the House in relation to the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable James Fox Esquire, and others, to make Leases of the Estate in the County of Surrey, devised to him by Frances late Viscountess Laneporough; and for Sale of Bridgehouse Farm, Part of the said Estate, and inveiling the Money in the Purchase of other Lands in the same County, to be settled to the like Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the ingossed Bill from the Lords, in-Xol. 28.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply r Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Tor granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1759, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Way# an4 Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of One Million be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. James Grenville,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Wefi, aind Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in^ the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee of the Duty on whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend Offices and an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, Pension*# An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; so far as the same relates to the Rates and Duties on Offices and Pensions; was. committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments where once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for obligingOfficers to make a Declaration of the Amount of the Profits of their Offices.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

7 N And

598 26°- — 18° — 2$ Mail. 1759.

Ami then the'House adjourned till Monday Pr. 9. L. 2. To leave out from " Employments," to Morning, Nine of the Clock. the End of the Clause.

__________ And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

Luna, 28° die Maii;

Anno 32° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

PRAYEIIS.

SuddIv h h \/f R- Charlton presented to the House, according to 1 P y 1 # 1VI Order, a Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the Fird: time.

And a Motion being made, That the said Bill be read a Second time;

The House was moved, That so much of an Act, made in the 5 th Year of the Reign of K ing William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors; for secur-ingcertain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds towards the carrying on the War again!! France; as relates to the Governor and Company of the Bunk of England; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill- An ingr°ffefl Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Sinking Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for apply-Fund. ing certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1759, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applyingcer-tain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1759;all(^ ^01 Belief’of Samuel Taylor, with respect to a Bond entered into by him, for securing the Duties on Tobacco imported.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; ' An ingrossed Bill for augmenting the Salaries of the Judges* Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges

Salaries. in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, at Westminster, the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, and Justices of Chester and the Great Sections for the Counties in Wales, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for augmenting the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, at Westminster, the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, and Justices of Chffer and the Great Sections for the Counties in Wales.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made

Offices and *n ^e SeflTum of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Pensions. granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Five Millions4 by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; so far as the same relates to the Rates and Duties on Offices and Pensions; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 27. To leave out16 at the same time

Pr. 4. L. To leave out " Second," and insert First

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; so far as the same relates to the Rates and Duties on Offices and Pensions.

OrderedyThat Mr. Charlton, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and ddire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Westmore. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for land Writ the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Westmoreland, in t he room of John Daljtone Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow,

Twelve of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 90 die Maii \

Anno 32* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

A FTER Divine Service Mr. Speaker and the The House House walked from St. Margaret's Church to the attends House. j?,v,nc

Service,

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Portsmouth, for making Compensation to the Propiietors of such &c.Dock Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, Portsnouth, and Plymouth, and for better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth and Citadel of Plymouth, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

'Fiie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Samplnof for further regulating the Power of taking Samples of Lic!u,r! foreign Spirituous Liquors by the Officers of Excise; and also for empowering the Traders to take such Samples before the Duties are charged; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Banbury the Clerk of the Crown, t o make out a new Writ for the Wu. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxfordt in the room of the Right honourable Frederick North Esquire, commonly called Lord North, who, fmee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

A Complaint being made to the House, That in privikgt, Breach of the Privilege of this House, George JIalen,

Richard Wood fin, Richard Denfon, Thomas Edwards,

William Cozoiton, Joseph Moors, Joseph Waring, and Joseph Halen, have lately taken, and carried away, certain Fish out of the Waters in the Lordship of Ilawur-den, the Property of Sir John Glynne Baronet a Member of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine t lie Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to I he House,

Ordered,

-4

Dr. Moss i tanked.

Chaplain.

Supply Bill.

Onflenra

£states.

I.evnnt

Trade.

Chaplain.

32 Geo. IL 290 — 30° 599

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Mr. Archdeacon Moss, for the Sermon by him preached this Day before this House at Saint Margaret's Westminster; and that he bedefired to print the fame: And that Major General Cornwallis, Sir John Crvjfe, Mr. Plumptre, and Mr. Alderman Dickinson, do acquaint him therewith.

liefolvedy That an humble Address be presented to his Majesiv, That he will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Charles Burdett, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Adurefs be presented to his Majesty, by fuel) Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

A Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,'Thnt the Bill be committed to a Committee, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 30° Maii;

Anno 32° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759. PlUYERS.

MR. Molynextx reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making a Partition and Division of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, agreed to be purchased by Thomas late Lord Onslow; and for settling and limiting the fame, for the Benefit of the several Persons claiming under his Marriage Settlement and Will respectively; and aifofor felling and disposing of Timber growing on the Estate devised by his Will, for the Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent. to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Richard Onslow Esquire, Second Son of Denzil Onslow Esquire, who is now in the King’s Service in Germany, and who is interested in the Premises, which are the Objects of the Bill,in a very remote Degree; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A MeiTage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Importation of the Woollen Manufactures of France into any of the Ports in the Levant Sea, by or on the behalf of any of his Majesty’s Subjects, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Charles Runlett, Chaplain to this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to say, That he will confer some Diginity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Charles Burdetty Chaplain to this House, as is deftred.

VOL. 28.

Mr. Richard Lloyd reported from the Committee ap- Committee pointed to take into Consideration the State of the Poor °£eSp^r°* in that Part of Great Britain called Engl*nd9 and of the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk?.<

Table: Where the same were read; and areas followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the present Methods of relieving the Poor, in the respective Parishes where no W01 khouses or other proper PI aces have been provided for their Reception and Employment, are in general very burthensome to the Inhabitants of fuel) Parishes, and tend to render the Poor miserable in themselves, and useless to the Community.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the present Method of giving Money out of the parochial Rates to Persons capable of Labour, in ordeT to prevent such Persons claiming an intire Subsistence for themselves and their Families from the Parishes, is contrary to the Spirit and Intention of the Laws for Relief of the Poor, is a dangerous Power in the Hands of parochial Officers, a Misapplication of the Public Money, and a great Encouragement to Idleness and Intemperance.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Employment of the Poor, under proper Direction and Management, in such Works and Manufactures as are suited to their fespective Strengths and Capacities, will be of great Utility and Advantage to the Public.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Placing of the Poor in Workhouses, to be provided within fud) Districts as shall be deemed most convenient in the several Counties and Ridings in England and Wales, under the Direction and Management of Governors or Trustees, to be particularly appointed or chosen for that Purpose, will be the most effectual Method of assisting and relieving such poor Persons as by Age, Infirmities, or Diseases, are rendered incapable of supporting themselves by their Labour, of employing the Able and Industrious, reforming the Idle and Profligate, and of educating poor Children in Religionand Industry.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Poor in such Workhouses will be better regulated and maintained, and managed with more Advantage to the Public, by Guardians, Governors, or Trustees, to be specially appointed or chosen for that Purpose, and incorporated with such Powers, and under such Restrictions, as the Legislature shall deem proper, than by the annual parochial Officers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Erecting of the Workhouses upon waste Lands, and appropriating a certain Quantity of such Lands to be cultivated, in order to produce Provision for the Poor in the said Houses, would not only be a Means of inilructing and employing many of the said Poor in Agriculture, but Ieflen the public Expence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Controversies and Law Suits, concerning the Sett lements of poor Persons, occasion a very great, and in general an useless, Expence to the Public, to the Amount of many Thousand Pounds per Annum; and that often more Money is expended in aleertaining such Settlements by each of the contending Parishes, than would maintain the Paupers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, if Workhouses should be established for the general Reception of the Poor within Diflri6ts in the respective Counties and Ridings, the Laws relating to the Settlement of the Poor, and the Pafling of Vagrants, may be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That whilst the present Poor Laws subsist, the compelling Parish Officers to grant Certificates to the Poor,

wilt.

Levant Trade.

Quartering Sddicrg on Innkeeper#.

MefTtge from the King — threatened Xavafion.

600 30® — 3

will be a Means of preventing the Hardships they now fuffirin being debarred gaining their Livelihood, where they can do it moll usefully to themselves and the Public.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Importation of the Woollen Manufactures of France into any of the Ports in the Levant Sea, by or on the behalf of any of his Majesty’s Su bject s

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 6. L. 25. After of Act," insert a except such as u. shall have been condemned as lawful Prize

At the End of the Title of the Bill add " and for the " more effectual preventing the illegal Importation of " raw Silk and Mohair Yarn into this Kingdom."

The said Amendments, being Severally read a Second tiipe, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House/hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord/hips.

A Petition of the Innkeepers and Public-house Keepers within the City of Winch eft cr, and Suburbs of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the several Hardships, which the Petitioners allege they have laboured under ever fmee t he Fm2f//Prisoners came there; and alleging, that not less that Twenty-six Public Houses, in the fai l City and Suburbs, have lately given off, on Account of having so great a Number of Soldiers quartered in the said City and Suburbs as have been necessary to guard the said Prisoners, which has reduced the Numberhf Public Houses to Four Inns and Thirty-two small Public Houses; and further alleging, that the Petitioners, if not speedily redieffed, must be obliged to give up their Houses, or be totally ruined; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the Soldiers necessary to guard the said French Prisoners were put into Barracks in the Palace there, where the Petitioners are informed there is sufficient Room for that Purpose, it would be, as they are adviled, the moll speedy and effectual Method to remedy their great Grievances: And therefore the Petioners implore the House to take their hard same under Consideration, and give them such Relief in the Premifcs as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

Mr. Secretary Pitt acquainted the House, That he had a Message from his Majesty to this House, signed by his Majesty: And he presented the same to the House; and it' was read by Mr. Speaker; all the Members of the House being uncovered; and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

The King has received Advices, That the French Court is making preparations with a Design to invade this Kingdom; and tho’ his Majesty is persuaded, that, by the united Zeal and Affection of his People, any such Attempt must, under the Blessing of God, end in the Destruction of those who shall be engaged therein; yet his Majesty apprehends, that he should not aft confidently with that paternal Care and Concern which he has always shewn for the Safety and Preservation of his People, if he omitted any Means in his Power which may be necessary for their Defence; therefore, in Pur-fuance of the late Act of Parliament, his Majeily acquai n ts thisHousewith his having received repeated Intelligence of the actual Preparations making in the French Ports to invade this Kingdom, and of the imminent Danger of such Invasion being attempted, to the End that his Majesty may, if he shall think proper, cause the Militia, or such Part thereof as shall be necessary, to be drawn out and embodied, and to inarch as Occasion shall

nire- R.

i° Mali. 1759.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad* dress be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty our dutiful Thanks for graciously communicating to this House, that he has received repealed Intelligence of the actual Preparations making in the French Ports to invade this Kingdom, and of the imminent Danger of such In-valion being attempted, and for his Majesty’s paternal and timely Care of the Safety and Preservation of his People; to assure his Majesty, that this House will, with their Lives and Fortunes, support and Hand by his Majesty against all Attempts whatever; and that his faithful Commons, with Hearts warm with Affection And Zeal for his Majesty’s sacred Person and Government, and animated by Indignation at the daring Designs of an Enemy, whose Fleet has hitherto shunned in Port the Terror of his Majesty’s Navy, will chearfully exert the utmost Efforts to repell all Insults, and effectually enable his Majesty, not only to disappoint the Attempts of France, but, by the Blessing of God, to turn them to their own Confusion.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Militau Majesty, That he will he graciously pleased to give Directions to his Lieutenants of the several Counties,

Ridings, and Places, witjun that Part of Great Britain called England, to use their utmost Diligence and Attention to carrjr into Execution the several Acts of Parliament made for the better ordering the Militia Forces of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That the said Address b,e presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-irtittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which theyhaddirefted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Northampai the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for TownWa the FJefting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, in the room of Charles Montagu Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 310 die Mail;

Anno 32° Georgii II-1 Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Onslow'* for making a Partition and Division of certain dilates. Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Surrey, agreed to be purchased by Thomas late Lord Onslow, and for settling and limiting the same for the Benefit of the several Persons claiming under his Marriage Settlement and Will respectively; and also for felling and disposing 17 of

Supply Bill j Sinking fund.

Duty on Offices and Pensions, See.

Supply Bill; Judges Salaries.

Importation

of

Cambricks,

&e.

King’* Answer to Addiefs.

Militia.

32 Geo. II. 31 0 Maii. — 1° Junii. 601

of Timber growing on t he Estate devised by hisWill, for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Molyneux do carry the BilJ to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords by Mr: Halford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agVecd to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1759; and for Relief of Samuel Taylor, with respect to a Bond entered into by him, for (ecuring the Duties on Tobacco imported; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Five millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the iUid Rates and Duties; so far as the same relates to the Rates and Duties on Offices and Pensions; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of Kings Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, at Westminster, the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, and Justices of Chester and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That their Address of Yellerdav, to return his Majesty their dutiful Thanks, for graciously communicating to this House, that he has received repeated Intelligence of the actual Preparations making in the French Ports to invade this Kingdom, and of the imminent Danger of such Invasion being attempted, and for his Majesty’s paternal and timely Care of the Safety and Preservation of his People; to allure his Majesty, that this House will, with their Lives and Fortunes, support and Hand by his Majesty against all Attempts whatever; and that his faithful Commons, with Hearts warm with Afifefiion and Zeal forhis Majesty’s facredPerson and Government, and animated by Indignation atthedaring Designs of an Enemy, whole Fleet has hitherto Ihunned in Port the Tcrrorofhis Majesty’sNavy, will chearAillv exert the utmost Efforts to repel all In fill ts, and efte&ually enable his Majesty, not only to disappoint the Attempts of France, bjjt, by the Blelfing of God, to turn them to their own Confusion; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

I return you my Thanks for your dutiful and affectionate Address, and for this fresh, and very particular, Mark of your unanimous Zeal in Defence of me, and my Crown.

You may depend on my constant Endeavours for the Preservation and Safety of my Kingdoms.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to his Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, to use their 111-most Diligence and Attention to carry into Execution the several Acts of Parliament, made for the better ordering the Militia Forces of that Part of Great Britain You 28.

called Englandhad been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that lie will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rill for APpJ°giJjU* enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to hv the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy i° die yunii j

Anno 320 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

A N ingossed Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise Ditto*

1 X a certain Sum of Money, for the Uses and Pur- f poses therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Martin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dover Writ-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament, for the Port of Dover, in the room of Hugh Valence Jones, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Port, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider Bankrupt of the Laws relating to Bankrupts, and to report their Laws. Opinion thereupon to the House; and to whom the Petition of the several Bankrupts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others in their unhappy Situation *, was referred; be revived:

And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Jour- Printing nal of the House of the 26th Day of May 1756, relating Journals, to the printing of the Journals of this House, from the beginning of the 9th Parliament of Great Britain, to the End of the Third Session of this present Parliament, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the printing of the Journals of this House be continued to the End of the Journal of the Fourth Session of this present Parliament, in the same Method, and under the same Regulations, as were directed by the Orders of this House of the 2(ith Day of May 1756, with relation to such Part of the said Journals as was then ordered to be printed.

Ordered, That the said Journals be printed by such Person as shall he hcensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to order the further Sum of^.1500 to he advanced to Jeremiah Dy-fan, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the 7 O Expence


Committee of Privilegei.

Bankrupt

Laws.

Committee on State of tht Poor.

Bankrupt

Laws.

Supply and Appropriation Bill.

Bankrupt

Laws.

60 2 1°-----

Expence of printing the Journals' of this House, from the beginning of the Ninth Parliament of Great Britain, to the End of the Fourth Session of this present Parliament; and also the Sum of £.500, towards defraying the Expence of making and printing Indexes to the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Volumes of the Journals of this House, which have been already printed; and to allure his Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s raoft honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Mr. Cooke, from the Committee appointed to consider of the Laws relating to Bankrupts, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; and to whom the Petition of the several Bankrupts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others in their unhappy Situation; is referred; acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to make a Report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Poor in that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; be taken into further Confident ion upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2° die Junii;

Anno 32° Georgii II. Regis, 1759. Prayers.

THE Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, appointed to consider of the Laws relating to Bankrupts, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; and to whom the Petition of the several Bankrupts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others in their unhappy Situation; was referred; That the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was in Part read.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Holford:

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords Lave agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew. t

Then the Residue of the Report from the Committee, appointed to consider of the Laws relating to Bankrupts, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; and to whom the Petition of the several Bankrupts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others in their unhappy Situation; was referred; was read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee called before them Francis Capper, Esquire, a Commissioner of Bankrupts,

’ Junii. A. 1759.

Who informed your Committee, That the Act of the '5th of his present Majesty is the prevailing Act relating to Bankrupts — By that Act it is made Felony, where a Bankrupt, after 42 Days Notice, published in the Gazette, does not surrender himself to the Commissioners, and make a full Discovery of his Estate and Effects for the Benefit of his Creditors, and in case of any Omissiorij to the Amount of Twenty Pounds and upwards, he is to be adjudgeda Felon-that upon Application to the Great Seal by the Bankrupt, within Six Days before the Expiration of the 42 Days, the Keeper of the Great Seal has Power to enlarge the Time, not exceeding ^oDays after the 42 Days — the latter Clutife is for the Benefit of the Bankrupt, to prevent his being surprized, if in the Country, and not havingNotice to come up; if Time enlarged, the Penalty does not extend to the enlarged Time — that he has heard of a Trial of that Kind, and an Acquittal upon it, at the Old Bailey; that he was concerned as Cotmfel in that Bankruptcy before the Lord Keeper, and was told by the Solicitor, that, upon the like Exception, the Party was acquitted — another Thing he apprehends would save the Parties great Expence in the Commission, Commissions frequently issue against Partners, which are called joint Commissions, and likevvile fe-parnte Commissions against the same Partners, in their private Right; that there‘is no positive Statute, as he remembers, that directs t he Marshalling the joint and separate FHefts, so that the joint Creditors may be paid out of the joint Estate, and the separate Creditors paid out of the separate Estate; this Difficulty occurred early to the Great Seal, who have taken this Method, to prevent the double Expence of taking out Two Connnission.s against the same Persons, where a joint Commission has been taken out, or vice versa a separate one, upon Application of a different Clals of Creditors, to order the Creditors of both Sorts to come in and prove their Debts, under one Commission; but under these Directions, that the Commissioners do take an Account of the joint and separate Estate, distinguishing the one from the other; so that the joint Creditors be paid out of the joint Estate, and the separate Creditors out of the separate Estate; and if there is any Surplus of either Estate, such Surplus is brought to Account, and in Aid of the deficient Estate; as for Instance, if there shall be any Surplus of the separate Estate, that Surplus is brought into the joint Estate, to satisfy all thejoint Creditors; the Reafuti is, because a Commission of Bankruptcy, in the first Instance, is in the Nature of an Execution, and the joint Creditor may take his Remedy against the joint or separate Estate, or both; if there is a Surplus of the joint Estate, and any Creditor of the separate Estate remain unpaid, the Share of the Bankrupt in such joint Estate, is to be applied in Dischargeofhis separate Creditors only: If Provision was made by Statute, it would favc the Parties the Expence of an Application to the Great Seal; that the particular Creditor would be save.I all that Expence, which is not allowed him out of the Bankrupt’s Estate, the Order of Court extends only to the Relief of the Party applying: It is very frequent to have several distinct Applications in respeel to One Commission; that Creditors of both Kinds would have this further Benefit, they might vote in the Choice of Affigileesi, and likewise oppose the tigning of a Certificate; whereas under the Order of Court, it frequently happens they are deprived of that Benefit, as such Order of Court may not be obtained in lime:

That he has known several I nstances where Persons have taken the Benefit of the Bankrupt Laws, under colourable Trades: But it is for the Benefit of Creditors that a Commission should issue, because they have immediate Execution; and hefubmitted whether such Bankrupts ought to have their Certificat.es, unless they have been in Trade Twelve Months at least, or unief* their Effects limit amount to a Dividend of Twelve Shillings in the Pound.

Christopher Loft, Esquire, informed your Committee, that some Tliings haveitruck him ns Defeats in the Bankrupt Laws, those relate to the Creditor, the Bankrupt, and, in some Degree, to the Commissioners — with

rospect

2 Geo. II. 1° Junii. 6>5i

respect to Creditors, as the Law now stands, the Bankrupt has the Privilege of0 giving a Preference to any One or more of his Creditors; and, as frequent Experience (hews the Commissioners that their Adjudication is founded upon a very stale Act of Bankruptcy, and if between the Time of that Act and the Ad judication; the Bankrupt has assigned his |>erlbnal,or conveyed his real, Estate, for valuable Consideration, the Creditors who have thus advanced Money, without a Possibility of guarding against the Act, are over-reached by it, which, in his Opinion, might be remedied, by confining the Act of Bankruptcy to some final! Period of Time, anterior t.o the suing out of the Commission; and that no Bankrupt should be at Liberty to exercise the Privilege of prefering his Creditors on the Eve of a Bankruptcy; and for the Eafe of Creditors he should propose, that, upon the Removal of old Commissioners by the Great Seal, Death or Refusal to act, the new Commissioners might act without the Expence of a renewed Commission.

With relation to the Bankrupt, its principal Object seems to be the Certificate, and appears to be but One Curb which the Legislature has put into his Mouth, under all the Statutes, which have made these Three Requisites; viz.

TheConfent of Four-fifths in Number and Value of his Creditors, and their Request to the Commissioners to sign such Certificate — the Discretion of the Commissioners to be guided by the Behaviour of the Bankrupt before them, and the Allowance of the Great Seal — and that if either of these Powers were refeinded, it would induce great Misbehaviour in the Bankrupt, and Prejudice to his Creditors; and it is submitted that a further Check might be put upon the Bankrupt; viz.

That a Certificate should in no same be allowed, till the Assignees of the Bankrupt had declared at leali One Dividend of his Estate and Effects for the Benefit of his Creditors; for though the Statute dire6!s the Assignees to declare a Dividend after Four Months, and within Twelve Months, as they can get the Estate and Effects in, and which within that Time may generally be done, yet it rarely happens that a Dividend is declared under Two Years, and in many Cafes much longer, and in many none at all.

Under this Head a further Amendment might be made; viz.

As the Law stands, the original Time allowed the Bankrupt for diiclosing his Estate, is within 42 Days after being advertised a Bankrupt in the Gazelle; and a Power is given in the Statute for the Great Seal to enlarge the Time 49 Days from the Time of Application, which mult be Six Days before the Expiration of the 42 Days; and though a capital Felony is incurred hv Concealment of Estate or Effects, to the Amount of £. 20, and the Bankrupt should be so peculiarly circum-ttanced as not to be able to fin it h his Examination, and conform to the Statute as the Law now stands, neither the ' Commissioners nor the Great Seal can enlarge the Time.

That this might he remedied by veiling a Power in the Great Seal, or the Commissioners (which latter would lave great Expence) to enlarge the Time.

For the Ease of the Commissioners,

As the Law stands, if the Bankrupt does not surrender to finish his Examination till 12 o’Clock at Night of the last Day, the Commissioners are bound to set till that Time, and perhaps all Night, to take it; should therefore propose, that if the Bankrupt will not surrender till the last Day, he should surrender at 10 of the Clock in the Morning of that Day:

And at present, if the Bankrupt be in Execution, the 'Commissioners must attend him in Gaol, where ’tis very difficult to take an Examination with any Degree of Accuracy; he therefore would propose, that the Sheriff should be obliged to bring the Bankrupt up, upon the Commissioners Warrant, and not be liable to an Escape, which may be done by striking out the Words " Pro-u vided he is not in Execution."

Edward Green, Esquire, formerly a Commissioner of Bankrupts, informed your Committee, That he thinks Vol. 28.

there are many Hardships attending Bankrupts, as well those who have not obtained their Certificate, as those that have, blit chiefly those who have not: First Objection; that it is confined to the Content of Four-fifths in Number and Value, whereby it may be in the Power of One Creditor, without giving any Reason, to obstruct the Certificate, and at the same Time to take the Benefit of the Commission: The Remedy he would propose, is, to oblige such Creditor lo make his Objection, within a certain Time, before the Commissioners; and if they don’t think the Objection reasonable, it should be in their PovVer to overrule it, and consequently grant the Certificate: Second Objection; leaving the Creditor the Liberty of appealing to the Great Seal: By the Act of the 4th and 5th of Queen Anne, the Bankrupt is not entitled to his Certificate, unless the major Part of the Commissioners certified to the Great Sea), that the Bankrupt had conformed; 5th of Geo. 2d confined it to the Consent of Four-fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value, which is the First Act of that Nature; that he thinks it would be right to leave it on the footing of the 4th and 5th of Queen Anne\ for as the Law how stands, too great a Power is lodged in One or Two Creditors: Another Hardship attending Bankrupts is, being obliged to get the Certificates at their own Expence, after having delivered up their All; that he thinks it reasonable it should come out of the Effects, or out of the Allowance which Bankrupts are intitled to: The next Hardship is, that the Assignees have it in their Power to refrain making a Dividend till they are compelled by Application to the Great Seal by the Bankrupt, or any Creditor; and before any Certificate is granted, the Effects are often divided, to prevent the Bankrupt having the Benefit of his Allowance.

With regard to such Bankrupts as have obtained thei Certificates, the following Hardship attends them, in respect to their Bail:

If Judgment is obtained against the Bankrupt by Suit at Law, pending the Commission, the Bail remains liable, and must either surrender the Prisoner, or apply to the Court in which Judgment is obtained for an Exoneratur, that the Bail-piece may be discharged, which often costs more than the Bankrupt is able to pay.

That where a Creditor has a Demand on Bond or Note, and proves that Debt under the Commission, and yet proceeds at Law for Recovery of the same Bond or Note, the Bankrupt may be detained in Custody thereupon, and has no other Relief than by applying to the Great Seal; that the Creditor may make his Election to proceed at Law, or under the Commission; and the Order usually is, that the Creditor shall have Time to make his Election in about a Week, but with Liberty to assent or dissent to the Certificate, let him make his Election the one Way or the other.

That he thinks, upon producing of the Commission and Proof of such Creditor’s having proved his Debt, to any Judge of that Court where the Suit is instituted, that Court or Judge at his Chambers should be obliged to discharge him.

Upon the Matter of the said Petition,

John Fish being examined, said. That he had looked over all the Gazettes, from the ift of January 1757, to the ift oi January 1759, and finds that within that Period there has been 590 Commissions of Bankruptcy issued, and only 285 Certificates granted:

That he has been a Bankrupt about 9 Years, and has not yet obtained his Certificate, notvvilhstanding he has conformed to all that is required by the Laws of Bankruptcy:

That the Debts proved under the Commission werd between 12 and£. 13,000 and hisEfTe&s and good Debts amounted to between 8 and £.9,000; never! helefs the Assignees have divided no more than Four Shillings in the Pound on a first Dividend, and One Shilling and Nine Pence on a Second:

That lie applied to hisCreditors for hisCertificale, and that most of them signed, but that his Assignees refilled

him,

Bankrupt

fcaVks;

Bankrupt

Laws.

604 2° Junii. ’ 1759.

him, one of whose Debts was £. 2,900, and the other about £.600: In consequence of which he is liable to be arrelied every Day, and is thereby rendered incapable of getting his Livelihood.

Robert Clibborn being examined, said, That he obtained his Certificate the 1 ith of July 1758, after having been confined in Prison Six Years and an Half, occasioned by an Agreement between Two of his Creditors, that One would not sign till the other was satisfied: That the Debts under the Commission amounted to about £. 3,700, and his Effects produced about £, 2000, and that a Dividend of only Five Shillings in the Pound has been made.

Richard Clough beingexamined, said. That he was a Bankrupt about 20 Years ago; that he was sent for by the Corporation of York, to set up his Trade there in the Manchester Business; that his Stock was £.1,000, the Corporation allowed him £.100 for moving, and £.250 per Annum for carrying on the Trade, for which the Corporation bound themselves for Twelve Years; that this gaveDifgnft to the Lancashire Traders, they thinking it would interfere with them, and therefore occasioned a Commission to be taken out against him, although he had Effects sufficient to pay 20s. in the Pound, and a Surplus of Fifteen hundred Pounds:

That in Aprilfoft the Commission against him was renewed, which occasioned a second Commission to be taken out by his later Creditors against himself and his Sons, who were then Partners with him; and he is now under Two Statutes of Bankruptcy.

Mr. Thomas Jordan, Keeper of the Fleet Prison, produced to your Committee a List of Bankrupts, Prisoners in the King's Bench and Fleet Prisons, whereby it appeared that 15 are confined in the King's Bench Prison, and 17 in the Fleet Prison.

JohnFish and RichardCtough being further examined, said, That many Bankrupts have been obliged to go abroad, on Account of Hardships they labour under by the Bankrupt Laws, and mentioned One who abfconderi, after having paid io^. in the Pound; and the Witnesses both said, they would have gone abroad if they had had no Families; and that they have heard of Bankrupts going abroad to set up Manufactures.

Samuel Higgins, a Bankrupt, being examined, said, That he failed for£. 1,300, that his chief Creditor was his Assignee, and has upwards of £.400 of the Bankrupt’s Effects in his Hands, and that the Witness has Two Freehold Houses, let at £.8. 10$. per Annum. besides outstanding Debts; that his Assignee has refused signing his Certificate, without giving any Reason; his other Creditors, who have not iigned his Certificate, have promised him they would, if his Assignee would; and that there is no Dividend made of his Efiects.

Thomas Bell and James Oliver being examined, said, That they had been declared Bankrupts, and the Reason why they have not obtained their Cerficates is, because they would not each of them give their principal Creditor (One of the Assignees) £. 50 for signing.

Then one of the Agents for the Petitioners produced to your Committee, an Order made by the Lord Chancellor upon the 14th Day of September, 1748, in the Matter of Da?iiel Lindsay, a Bankrupt, wherein it is recited, That the Bankrupt was, about the Year 1744, taken in Execution for a Judgment Debt, unfairly set up by one Tilman Henckell; that in the same Year a Commission of Bankruptcy issued against him, when the said Henckell, who had him in Execution, proved the said Judgment Dv^bt under the said Commission, although, upon a just and fair Account, he would be found indebted to the Estate of the Bankrupt; whereupon all Parties concerned attending the Lord Chancellor, and being heard, and the said Henckell making his Election to proceed against the Bankrupt atLaw, the Lord Chancellor ordered, that the said Henckell lliould be excluded from receiving any Dividend under the Commission, but should, nevertheless, be considered as a Creditor under the said Commission, so far as to be at Liberty to assent or dissent from the Bankrupt’s haying his Certificate:

*7

And your Committee was.informed. That the Bankrupt has remained inCustody, upon the said Execution, from the Year 1744 to this Time:

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolution;

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That some Amendments may be made to the Laws relating to Bankrupts, to the Advantage of the Creditors, and in Ease of the Bankrupts.

Jovis 290 die Marfii, 1759.

Bankrupts Committee met;

Mr. Cooke in the Chair.

Present,

Mr. Crafter, Mr. Thorolon,

Mr. AIderman Ba ker, M r. Lewis,

Mr. Daniel Moore, Mr. More,

Mr. Kynaston.

Mr. John Cruikjhank examined:

I am one of the acting Assignees, under a Commission of Bankruptcy against Mr. Walker: Walker, Captain of one of the Royal Family Privateers: He had no Regular Books; but from a great many of his Papers in my Pofiession, I formed, as well as I could, a State of his Affairs; the principal Account that I could find owing to him, is an Account of the Managers of the Privateer, whereby I made a Balance in favour of the Bankrupt of about £. 5,000, which I swore to; hut have an Account, which 1 have Reason to believe the Balance coming to him will be £.7,669 5s. 9 d. but of which there is.a great Part of it arises from Three Articles: 3y a Defeazance signed by several of the Managers of the said Privateer, which original Defeazance I have only had an Opportunity of seeing within these few Days, which is the Reason of this Balance being so large: Captain Walker was in my Service in 1756, and was going to that Command in a Ship of mine, and on the 21st of May was taken under Arrest, and has been in Prison ever since for a Debt of 800 and odd Pounds, believe at the Suit of Mr. Belchitr and Jalabert, Commission of Bankruptcy dated 27th May 7757; Mr. Coutes, one of the Assignees, took out the Commission: We disputed Mr. Belchier proving his Debt, upon the proving his Debt; and Mr. Belchier and Mr. Jalabert came to prove their Debt, but objected to the proving any Sum, because, as the Accounts appeared to us, they were very largely in Debt to the Bankrupt’s Estate; upon which cross Petitions were presented to the Lord Keeper, the Iflae of which was, they were admitted to prove the Debt, at the same Time waving all Benefit of any Dividend under the Commission: Some time afterward the Creditors in general desired a Certificate might be got ready, and believe was signed by most of them, except by Mr. Belchier and Mr. Jalabert., which intirely defeated the Certificate; since that every Thing has lain dormant:

I think his same is hard; my Debt is £.800, and Mr. Belchier and Jalabert swore to£. 800, the Bankrupt upon his Examination swore to the Balance of the Account, and the Creditor swore to his Debt.

The Committee being acquainted that Mr. Belchier above mentioned, being a Member of this House, they postponed this Examination till he was acquainted therewith.

Luna>, 20 die Aprilis, 1759.

Mr. Cruikjhank further examined:

By Reason of the Confinement of Mr. Walker in Execution, the Creditors are deprived of his Evidence: He apprehends his Evidence to be very material, because of proving the respective Accounts and Tran factions.

Produced a Paper.

This is a Copy of an Account current betwixt the Managers of tii- Royal Family Privateers and the Assignees of George JVaUcer, a Bankrupt, which I have extruded from the Account that I made up from the loose Papers mentioned before, and from the Account current, sworn to by one Thomas Nodes before the Lord Keeper.

Adjourned till Thursday.

Jvvis,

32 Geo*. II.

2* Junii.

605

Jovh9 gjie AprWs9 1759. bankrupts Committee met:

Mr. Cooke in the Chair*

Present,

Mr. Jones, Mr. Wilkes,

Mr. Belch t er9 ' Mr. Hammond,

Lord Carysfort, Mr. Ongleby,

Mr. Crajler.. .

Mr. y<7//w Cruik/hanky

The.Account, mentioned the last Day* t extra6led from an Account current, and fvvore myfetf to it before my Lord Keeper, from an Account current sworn to' before the Lord Keeper by Thomas Nodes, and frbm a Defeazance, a Copy of which I have in ihy Hand; the Defeazance was executed by Valence Cummin> James TalbotWilliam Belchier, and Fdzvard Iron side: Have compared that Part I speak to with the Original; by. which Defeazance I fmd the Gentlemen Managers" (whether byOmission or not I can’t tell) that, from the Two Articles in the Account, they have omitted to give Captain Walker Credit for £.1,155. 14L 8 d. -|~*ths. by which Means it would appear that the Balance Would plainly be* iri favour of Captain Walker> £.322. 1 s yd. \%ths.

Produced Account Dr. and Cr. Managers of the < Royal Family Privateers.

Whether you are not an Assignee under the Com-. million against Captain Walker

Yes.

Has Captain Walker conformed himself to this Com-xhiffion, and pais’d his last Examination

Don’t know.

Have you signed the Certificate

Yes.

Have you made up an Account of his Estate and Effects as Assignee

Yes, as far as I could.

What Balance remains in your Hands to be divided amongst his other Creditors ? '

None; have not received a Farthing.

What is the subject Matter of the Account you made up as far as you are able

To find out the Debtors to Captain Walker's Estate, and likewise his Creditors, which have only gathered from Ioofe Papers.

What ‘ do you apprehend the Estate, 8(c. of the Bankrupt coniifts of?

It consists chiefly of a very large Debt, due from the Managers of the Royal Family Privateers, to the Estate of Captain Walker, and from several other Debts, which we are deprived of by his being in Gaol.

How are you deprived of that

Here are several particular Accounts: The first is, William Belchier, Debtor to George Walker: Another, Debet to Ironjide and Company.

Hugh Frazer, Clerk to the Commission of Bankruptcy ifrued against George Walker — Have got a Book, marked A. exhibited before the Commissioners, and signed by them against Walker, upon his Examination; and contains several Accounts of Debts due to the Bankrupt’s Estate*

Produced Book.

Mr. Criiik/hanky

Commodore Walker is deprived of giving Evidence by being confined.

Since you was Assignee, what legal Step have you. taken to recover the Bankrupt’s Estate and Effects?

None at all: Don’t know what the Petition was which was exhibited before the Lord Keeper: Can’t tell, whether I signed the Petition.' ,

Have you any Security for your Debt

I have a joint Bopd from George Walker, and one Patrick Campbell: Campbell is not worth a Farthing 5 was Partner with them inTrade; one particular Branch; ruy Name is in the Title of the Petition.

Mr. Frazer: The Account delivered in as Part his Estate upon Oath.

Mr. Cruikflianki Never paid any Expence to the Clerk of the Commission; Never saw the Bankrupt finee I

Vol. 28.

framed the Account. <3ave Credit For the Sum of £8,415.

15s. 8d. which is all that they charged him with, by ah Account exhibited before the Lord Keeper, and sworn to by Thomas Nodes; Then I charged him, by the first Account, in three Articles of £. 10,126. if. 5 d. 44*hs. altogether, appearing to me to be due to the Estate by a Defeazance, by which Means the Two Articles of jt. 690. and 2,188. 17 s. 5 d. 44ths. will make together . 2,878. 17; 5.4-rths. by this Account, sworn to by Mr. Nodes, they only give Credit for Captain Walker's Share of first and second Cruize in the Sum of £.1,723. 2. 9; the Difference is 1,155. 14. 8.44ths- instead of which* they have given Credit only for 1,723. 2. 9. the Diffetence being 1,155. x4* 8 T-J-ths. which had they given him Credit for even abstracting from the Sum of£. 7,247. 4f. they would have been in his Debt 322. 1. 9.44ths; In Consequence, they could not have detained him in Prison.

Whether you know of the Reafity of these Articles, which you have charged the Managers with in the Account delivered in?

All but the first Article of 7,247. 4;

Have you ever read the Defeazance?

I have, or heard it read.

If the Defeazance is not an Obligation for a Sum of Money borrowed by Mr. Walker, from the Managers, upon the Credit which might become due to him, as Commander in Chief of the Royal Family Privateers, and of Debts owing to him from the Sailors, before the Accounts were settled

Can’t tell $ 1 don’t know when the Accounts were settled.

16 March 1748, Defeazance signed with regard to 7,247. 4. whether that-Sum does not arise from Notes of Hand, and Obligations of many Sailors, then due and owing to Mr. Walker.

I do really believe it is so, at least think so.

As to the Two Articles, whether it does not appear by the Defeazance, that they were particularized and assigned over as supposed Value

It is impofliblefor me to determine that, further than from the Papers I have in my Hand, whereby it appears to me, that that Defeazance was taken as a collateral Security for the Payment of Two several Sums, one of which of £. 1,050 was paid to Captain Walker the 16th of August 1748, and another Sum of£. 1,500 was paid the 13th of April 1749, whereas it would appear by this Date, 16 March 1748, that the Defeazance was signed; In Consequence can’t comprehend how they could give that Defeazance as Security; can’t say whether it was executed on the Day of the Date.

Have you ever called upon the Managers to look into Mr. Walker's Accounts

I did not.

Do you think if you had called you would have been refused

Don’t know.

Do you know, directly or indirectly, of any unfair Means or undue Practices made use of by any Person to prove a Debt under Captain Walker's Commission

Know of none*

Do you know of any Person or Persons that have proved to whom any undue Practices to sign the Certificate

Know of none.

Adjourned till Titefday next.

Martis, 10° die Aprilis, 1759.

Bankrupts Committee met:

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Webb,

Mr. Belchicr, Sir John Philipps9

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. Grenville, Mr. Jones.

Order for Captain Walker's Attendance read.

George Walker.

Is the printed same delivered here true?

It is true, and I am ready to make it out.

Delivers in a printed Paper, signed by himself, which he fays is his Cafe, and desires it to be considered as the Evidence he will give.

7 P Are

Bankrupt

Law*

6o6

a' Junii.

Bankrupt

Laws.

Are you prepared With your Evidence to fiipport the Allegations

I am ready now.

Do you want Mr. CruikJJiank

I think not.

The same read, Paragraph by Paragraph;

How did you become intitled to £. 7,247. 4s. out of the Prize Money due to the Officers and Crews of the said Privateers?

On Account of Goods furnished, and Money advanced, to them.

Defeazance read.

Wit. Walker being examined, as to the First Paragraph in his same relating to the 7,247. 4. he produced as Evidence the Defeazance before-mentioned, Whereby it appears, that he had assigned a Demand of the said Sum, inter alia, to MelP' Comyns and as a Security

for Money borrowed.

When you advanced this Money to the Officers and Sailors, what Security had you

Promissory Notes and Bonds for Payment out of their Prize Money.

What did you do with those Notes and Bonds

They were delivered by my Clerk to the Managers Secretary, Mr. Untzelman.

Who was your Clerk

Mr. Thomas; he is here.

A. 1759.

and Bonds delivered to the

This is only a Copy; for.'GrtiikJkdnk has the Original;

Prom Acicount

2,292

554 88

S. cb

10 3 is Part of 7,247. 4.

16 5^iares that Cafamajor if gives Credit.

13 2

2,935 19 ii of Servants.-The lad Article the fame.

How do you prove Cafamajor paid that in £)ifcharget of the Bond

554

88

16

*3

643 9 8

2,6tO

2,292

10

9

3

7>247

2,292

4

10

4>954 13 9

Thomas No acts.

Were these Notes Managers

The greatest Part of them:

He took a few of them out belonging to 3 or4People.

What did they amount to

Not to much; Mr. Peter Untzelman, who is dead, received them; he was Secretary to the Managers.

' You had Shaftoe's and Two or Three others back:

Whereabout did they amount to

I could tell if I was to look at the Defeazance:

Mr. Walker owns he had them.

Shewn the Defeazance:

Two of Matthew Gardner's, 30 odd Pounds; Mr. Walker can’t charge his Memory with it; I know it can be hut a Trifle, within 200 Pounds I think.

Admitted on both Sides.

Thomas Thomas, Clerk to Captain Walker,

Had you-the Custody of the Bonds and Notes

Yes.

What did they amount to

Between 7 aud£. 8,000. I waspresent when packed up, but not when delivered.

Second Paragraph read.

How came you to guess that it was £. 200,000.

From a Calculation I made, and from One of their own Letters, wherein they ordered me not to fell the Cargo under £. 100,000. besides the Quicksilver, which by their own Estimation, amounted to

Admitted that the Prizes amounted to near £.2©0,000.

Is that the gross or net Produce

I state it as the gross Amount, not deducing any Charges of Management, jfc.

Rest of Paragraph admitted.

Third Paragraph read.

Mr. Frazer, the Agent, fays, this Paragraph is proved by the Deed.

Whether, at the Time you executed this Bond and Defeazance, you was not conscious that the Managers had not the Produce of the Prizes in their Hands

No, but they had the Value, Ships and Cargoes.

Did not you know the Nymph a was then loft, and that they had not received the Insurance?

The Shin was loir soon after, but they had the Policies in their Hands, though they had not insured at full Value.

Produces a Letter from Mr. Cafamajflrz 18

317 16 6

Admitted that Cafamajor paid into the Hands of the Managers 2,610. 6. 6.

What Evidence have you of any other large Silms

Mr. Noads admitted the Secretary to the Managers (Peter Untzelman) had received the Bonds and Notes, being the Securities for Money due from the Officers and Sailors, except Two or Three* Two of Matthew Gardner amount to £. 30.

Mr. Belchier admits all the Bonds and Notes were delivered to Untzelman, and only a few delivered back to the Amount £. 200.

Adjourned till Tomorrow.

Here the Proceedings of the Committee on the nth of April intervene, but are not to be inserted, not being relative to Mr. Walker s Affair.

Martis, i9 die Maii, 1759.

Bankrupts Committee.

Mr. Frazer produced a Letter from Henry Cafamajor to Commodore Walker, dated Bristol, 15th Nov. 1750 — Members present proved it to be Mr. Cafamajor's Hand-Writing; Letter read, N° 2. a Copy of a Letter, produced by Mr. Frazer, from Henry Cafamajor to Cora- modore Walker, dated 16th February 1751, before the Alteration of the Style, which he said is an exact Copy of the Original, which cannot be found, being mislaid: Letter read, N° 1. did not examine Account with Original, produced Account to shew that Bond for 2,550 is paid; Office Copy produced, sworn to by Mr. Nodesf 5th August 1757, that Account a general One, between the Managers of the Royal Family Privateers and Commodore Walker.

Mr. Rayner speaks to the Account, in order to prove these Three Articles, amounting to £.2,266. 155. 9 d. have not been paid.

Mr. Cruikjhank examined: Produced a Number of Letters to prove that the Managers are indebted ta Mawman and Macy for these several Sums.

Thomas Thomas proved the Letter to be authentic, dated Lisbon, 29th May 1748; produced original Letter from Managers to Mr. Walker, to prove his Authority to sign all Indents, dated London, 7th February 174^.

Whether Mr. Walker received these Three Sums of Mawman and Macy, amounting to 2,266. 15. g. for the Use of the Managers

It appears to him from the Account current between Mawman and Macy and the Managers, he did receive them for the Use of fitting out the Ships, and the Balance carried to the Managers Debet; produced Account current, dated January 24, 1748, of Managers with Maw man and Macy.

Whether Mairman and Macy by those Accounts charged Jalabert and Company with these Three Sums of Money

Yes they do.

Captain Walker, On whose Account took you up those Sums

On Credit of the Managers.

Whether you have accounted for the Application of thele Three Sums of Money to the Managers

Yes. and have given them Credit for it in my Account, and they have debeted me in their Account fioce; when 1 came first Home I gave them an Account of all Disbursements,

J

Geo. lit

bnrfemeiYts, in which I debeteci them with what I had laid out, and gave them Credit frir these particular Sums I received of Mazo mart axd Mari/, Part of Money I received on my Account, and Part on the Ships Account. Produced the Account:

Did you deliver a particular Account 16 the Managers when you came Home?

Yes.

Do you recoiled the Nature of your Receipts to Mazv-man and Macy

No.

Do not; Believe have given them a. Receipt for some of ihefe Sums of Money.

A Paper, dated Lijkon, 28th November 1747, N. S, ffiewn to Mr. Walker 9 andafked, whether it is his Hand Writing

Said, Yes. — Paper read.

Mr. Ft 'azer — first Article on Debet Side is 4,636. 17.3. for Proof of which Mr. Walker refers to the De feazance, by which it appears that they are accountable for that Sum, after deducting 2,610. 6. 9.

The next Article is a,610. 6. 9. that has been proved by Henry Cafamajor's Letters 16 Feb. 1757.

The next Article 2,188. 17. 5. that is proved by the Defeazance, by which it appears to be Mr. Walker's Share in the first Cruize.

Commodore Walkers Interest in the second Cruize £. 690 as appears by the Defeazance.

The next Article is to Insurance recovered in the Nymph a 822. 12. 4. as appears by Mr. Nodes's Account, and Affidavit before produced.

To sundry Diffiurfements allowed by that Account 2, 426. o. 11. that is what charged them with.

Mr. Frazer for the Petitioners, rests their State of the Account on the Debtors tide there.

Adjourned till Thursday.

Jovis, 3® die Maii 1759.

Committee met.

Mr. Rayner, proceed <0 answer Mr. Walker's Cafe.. Managers Debts of Two Natures, One for Goods fold anddelivered, S(c. £.833, the other a Sum due on a Bond to the Managers of £. 194, besides 8 Years Interest.

Inquisition taken in London in November 1756. The first Article is, that the Bankrupt received of Matvman and Macy 1,124. 14. 2.

November 28, 1747, Mr. Walker admits the above Sum of 1,124. 14- 2. received by him.

13 Feb. 1748, the next is 1,110 5. 7. admitted by Mr. Walker; Account current produced by Mr. Rayner.

The next Sum 672. 10. received the 13th May 1748 by the Bankrupt of John Altley; Mr. Walker admits that Sum.

May 28, 1748 — 327 14 4 received of Altley;

admitted:

386 9 3; — admitted:

331----- paidto Bankrupt Lon-

don; admitted:

343-----5 — admitted:

46 12 9; — admitted:

143 18 '4admitted:

335° — " — admitted:

1510 — —; — Account lies open, and never was adjusted,

Samuel Brooks,

Did you at any Time fell a Ship called Prince Frederick, and when, for what, and for whom, at Lloyds Coffee House

11 th January 1749, a Ship, Prince Frederick, at public Sale at Lloyds Coffee House, to Captain Walker, for 1,510.

Whose Property was'it?

Mr. Jalabert and Nevill.

Was the Ship delivered to Mr. Walker?

Don’t know.

Was Earnest paid

Yes, 5 s. paid by Captain Walker.

Vol. 28.

Is it usual to make Bills of Sale? Bankrupt

Does not always c®me to his Knowledge. Law*.

Cross examined;

For whose Use was the Ship bought?

Don’t know; Mr. Walker \vas the Piircliafer: He tinderstood he was to pay the Money; does not know whose Money was to pay for it: Did not know Whether it was bought for any one in Partnership with Mr.

Walker.

Did you declare at the tiftie of Sale to Whom the Puchase-money was to be paid

Not prepared to answer that Question.

Was any Delivery in pursuance of this Sale

None that I know of.

Whether you was paid Commission for the Sale, and by whom

I can’t tell whether received it; charged it to Mr.

Jalabert and Nevill; the Commission is charged to the Seller.

Did Captain Walker sign the Conditions of Sale* after he was declared the Buyer

Don’t kuow it is usual.

When Ship is ordered to be sold, whether a proportional Part of the Purchase-money is not paid downing to the Hands of Persons there named to receive it

Yes, it is usual.

Was there any paid!?

Don’t remember any Money paid.

Whether it has not happened that Purchasers have not taken their Ships

Yes, then they forfeit their Deposit.

Mr. Walker — never was a formal Delivery of Ship so him; Mr. Brooks never made any Demand on him; it was bought for Meffr\ Ironjide> Belchier, and H<nce> and himself, to carry on the Greenland Trade: There was no Bill of the Sata

Mr. Thomas Nodes, Clerk to the Managers;

Do you know whether Prince Frederick was delivered to Mr. Walker, in pursuance of the Sale at Lloyds Coffee House?

I don’t know that ffie was delivered in any regular Form, but know he had Possession of her in a few Days after the Sale.

Who had the Command of her

I don’t know.

For what Use, and for what Purpose, was that Ship bought

For a Greenland Ship; Captain Walker bought her at Lloyds Coffee House, but dont know for whose Use.

Do you know he was concerned in any Company, and that it was bought for their Use

Yes, Mr. Robinfony and Mr. Belchier, and other Managers, concerned.

Do you know any Thing of the Delivery of the Ship?

Yes, Captain Walker was in Possession of the Shipi but don’t know by whom fte was delivered.

Was this Ship employed in the Greenland Trade

Yes, as soon as the Seafon came on.

Account current between Managers and Captain Walker ffiewn to Nodes, and asked whether lie knows any Thing of it?

He said he knows what it is very well.

Did you at any Time deliver that Account to Captain Walker?

\res, I made it out for Captain Walker, and delivered it to him, and the Captain returned it to me in a Day or two, in order to mark off the Sums; by his Account £.1,510 is in that Account for the Prince Frederick; the Marks in the Account he apprehends were made by Captain Walker when returned to him.

When Captain Walker returned it, did he say he had examined and agreed to it P

Yes, there is no Mark to Article of 1,510 for Prince Frederick.

Account ffiewn to Captain Walker; — -hedifclaims it.

Why did you not strike the Balance?

Because there were more Sums to be charged.

Was that the Account you fvvore to before the Jmf upon Inquiry of Damages

Yes,

6o8

2* Junii. . 1759.

Bankrupt ^Laws.

Yes; that is the Account*

Whether it is not ufua! to sign Accounts when agreed to

Yes, but did not think it necessary.

Whether the Account was signed, ot whether you aflced Mr. Walker to sign it?

No.

Did Walker agree to the Account

Yes he did.

Did he object to this Article of 1,510?

No he did not.

When was this Account lliewn to Captain Walker, and by him agreed to

The tatter End of the Year 1755.

Mr! Brooks,

Whether you had any Intimation from any Persons, and whom, that when Captain Walker, should bid for the Ship at the public Sale* it was their Desire he ffiouhi have it knocked down to him

I had* if I remember right, an Information, that if "Captain Walker was the Purchaser I should receive him as such, without requiring him to pay down any Money.

Whether this Ship was fold in the usual Way in all Ilefpe&s

Yes.

Who had you this Intimation from

Mr. Jalabert and Nevill, one or both; it was intimated to him, that if Mr! Walker was the Purchaser, I was fiot'to trouble myself with the Conditions of Sale.

Ordered, That the Conditions of Sale of the Ship Frederick be laid before this Committee j and he, Mr. Brooks, to attend at the same Time.

Defeazance read, tofliew Facts that appear on the Face of it.

Captain Walker borrowed of the Managers £2,$50. General Account shewn to Captain Walker — he uckowledges it.

. Adjourned till Wednesday.

Mercurii 90 die Mdii, 1759.

Bankrupts Committee met:

Mr. Crajler in the Chair.

Prefect,

Mr. Webb, Mr. Rose Fuller*

* Mr. Hammond, Lord Canjsfort,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mabbott,

Mr. More, Col. Lefiie,

M r. Chauncey Townshend, M r. Jones,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. CharlesToimfiiend.

Mr. Thomas Heckford, Clerk to Commiifiohers of Bankrupts, produced 13 original Affidavits; together with Lifts relating to Bankruptcy of George Walker.

Mr. Frazer admits Sale of the Ship for £.1,510 to Captain Walker.

Mr. Brooks produced Conditions of Sale of Ship Prince Frederick; received no Money for the Ship.

Mr. /tay^rpropofes to prove Inquisition at Guildhall. Writ of Inquiry produced: Admitted by Mr. Frazer that the Judgment was upon a ffiam Plea, to gain a Term 3d November 1757: My Lord Keeper’s Order, upon hearing both Petitions, produced: Inquisition Tead, to prove that it was tried by Twelve Men: Lord Keeper’s Order read.

Mr. Frazer admits the Proof of the Debts as Hated by Mr. Rayner: Bankrupt’s Bond to pay the Managers 2.550 produced; Mr. Frazer admits that Bond: Mr. Walker's Affidavit taken 2d August 1757, read; Account produced by Mr. Rayner.

Mr. Nodes,

Do you know that Account

Yes, it is a true One; marie it out myself from the Managers Books; the Book he took it from is here: Ho jiroduced Abstrad from general Calli Book.

Are there any Articles in the Cash Book belonging solely to Captain Walker, and not blended with the Captors Accounts

Yes, April 13, 1749, 1,500 and 1,050 27 July 1748. Have you made an Extract of Captain Walkers Account with the Managers, previous to 16 March *748-9?

No, not upon Account of Captain Walker.

Prize Money ascertained the 16 Augifi 1750; the Book from which Extracts were made, he say* Extracts are true.

Letter dated 15 November 1750; from Mr. Cafama-jor to Captain Walker, read.

Original Letter, dated 16 Feb. 1751, from Mr. Casa* major, to Captain Walker, produced, and read.

Mr. Nodes.

Do you know why no more of this Sum of 7,240 than 2,610. 6. 6. was received by Mr. Cafamajor, the Bankrupt's Agent?

Because the People were overpaid by the Sums of Money advanced them at Lisbon.

Do you know whether any Bonds or Notes, to certify these Debts, due from Sailors to Captain Walker, were deposited in Hands of Mr. Cafamajor* and what are become of them

They were deposited in Mr. Cafamajor's Hands, and returned to me, Mr. Cafamajor, to satisfy some of the Seamen, or their Attornies* who denied having any Thing from the Captain; and this Witness has these Notes now, and have been in his Possession ever since.

Whether you know that any more Money than 2,610, Was paid to the Managers on Account of this Part of the Mortgage

Not at that Time, because no more could be then recovered; there was a small Sum recovered by Mr. Cafamajor afterwards, of about £.70, which was not brought into Captain Walker's Account, because some People had some repaid to them, nearly to that Amount, which Was improperly Hopped out of the 2,610 paid to the Managers, and one was set againH another.

By what Account or Ledger was these Sailors paid, or Stoppages made

Took it out of a Leidger, which I set to rights for Captain Walker, and which was a more perfect Account than the LiH in the Defeazance: The Ledger was at Bristol with Mr. Cafamajor, Mr. Walker's Agent,

Cross examined.

When were Notes delivered to you

Don’t recoiled.

What Year or Month

About Two Years ago; am not certain as to Time; a considerable Time after Payment at Bristol.

Where these Notes delivered to you, as a Security to the Managers

No, were sent to him* to satisfy such People as had made Complaints,.

Where they not sent to you particularly, as Clerk or Agent to the Managers

No, not as he knows of; he never acquainted the Managers with it.

Why did you receive those Notes

Mr. Cafamajor sent them to me.

Did you receive the Notes before you had any Complaints for want of them

No, upon Complaints I sent for them.

Was you at Bristol with Mr. Cafamajor at the Time that the general Account was settled, and the Dividend paid?

Yes I was.

By whose Direction did you go down

I went down by the Desire of Mr. Cafamajor.

Had you no Directions from the Managers to go down

No.

What did you do at Bristol in relation to this Bufi-ness?

I attended the Payment, and gave my utmost AfiiHance to Hop as much of Captain Walkers Debts as I could, by the Desire of Captain Walker, from whom I had a Power of Attorney.

Letter of Attorney prpduced, and read — thinks Letter was sent to him at Bristol

21 What

% .

32 Geo. II.

What did you do in Consequence of this Letter of Attorney

I examined Captain Walker's several Accounts with the Captors, and finding that very little of Captain Walkers Demand could be recovered, I made no use of the Power of Attorney, to pay or receive any Thing under it; shortly after, another Power of Attorney was font to Mr. Flannagan.

Did Mr. Flannagan go down in Company with you to Bristol?

Yes.

Did you then know Mr. Flannagan had a Letter of Attorney subsequent to that granted you

No; but I saw the Power of Attorney which Mr. Flannagan had when I went down with him.

Whether Mr. Flannagan went down with you the First or the Second time you went to Bristol

Believe it was the Second time.

How tlistant was the First time from the Second

Can’t recollect.

Did you examine the Account relating to Captain Walker the Second time you went down

Yes, I did, and at every Time.

Did you then know your Letter of Attorney was revoked

I apprehended it was revoked.

Do you know whether any, and what, Money was advanced at Lisbon to the Sailors, on Account of the Cruize

Several very large Sums of Money advanced at the different Times they put in there, to the Amount of several Thousand Pounds.

Who advanced that Money ? v Alawmart and Macy.

To whom did they advance it

To the Sailors.

Was that Money repaid, and by whom?

Maxeman and Macy drew for it on the Managers when they thought proper.

Were those Draughts accepted

AH, except a Parcel of Bills that last came, which, if the Managers had paid, Maivman and Macy would have been indebted to them in a very considerable Sum of Money.-

Were those Bills protested and returned?

They were.

By what Authority did Mawman and Macy advance Money to the Sailors?

On Account of the Owners.

By what Authority?

They had Orders from the Managers to advance the ableSeamenTenMoidores; and the other in Proportion.

Did Captain Walker know there were such Orders

Yes.

In settling their Accounts, did you flop more than io Moidores

Yes, I did.

To whose Account was the Application made of the , Money flopped beyond the 10 Moidores?

To the Owners; berawk Mawman and Macy advanced to some 20 or 30 Moidores instead of the Ten.

At the Time of settling the Accounts, did not you know that Mr. Walker had lodged Notes of the Sailors in the Managers Hands

iaid.

Why did you give the Preference to the Discharge of Maivman and Alacy's Advance, before the Advance made by Captain Walker

Because the Managers were obliged to pay Maivman and Macy all the Sums they advanced the Sailors, and h$d paid them; and Maivman and Macy alleged, that they could not get the Sailors to Sea without advancing them those Sums of Money.

Whether Captain Walker was not privy to the advancing njore than Ten Moidores to an able Sailor

Yes; Captain Walker paid a great Part himself.

Whether you was at Lijbuu at that Time

Vo/.. iS.

unit. 609

Yes; and paid great Part by Captain Walker’s Orders. Bankrupt

In what Station was you under Captain Walker at ^aws* that Time

I was then Captain Walker’s Clerk.

Whether Flannagan had Examination of the Stoppage Accounts at Briftoty by virtue of any Authority from Captain Walker

Yes, he had.

Whether, by that Examination, Flannagan did not know the Sums that had been really flopped

He certainly must, because he examined them very closely.

Whose Ledger Book was that, by which the Stoppages of the Sailors Accounts were made

Captain Walker’s.

Whether Captain Walker advanced any Money, as Purser, after the Sums advanced by Mawman and Macy

7*8ths of what is contained in the Mortgage.

Whether the Sailors Notes given to Captain Walker, were given after the Sums advanced by Mawman and Macy

Some were given before, but much the greatest Part after.

Whether Afawman and Macy had any Authority from the Manager^ to advance Money to the Sailors, without the Privity of the Captain

No Advance was made there, but what Captain Walker knew of.

Adjourned till Tomorrow.

Jovisy 10° die Mali, 1759.

Bankrupts Committee.

Mr. Nodes,

Is the Cash Book, which was delivered in Yesterday, an original Book

Yes.

Mr. Frazer produced a Paper, called. Account of Insurances received.

Mr. jVfld^-T-original Insurance £. 105,800.

Mr. Boddicot fays, That the Insurance under the Care of Godin and Guion, to the Amount of £. 66,000, was received between the i^August, and 22 December, 1748.

Admitted, That the Insurance at Exeter, under the Care of Mincer, which was £. 3,400, was brought to Managers Credit, 24th September 1748.

Admitted the Insurance at Bristol, under the Care of Cafamajor, which was£. 5,050,the Produce of which was credited to the Managers, 1 September 1748 — £.1,300

under Care of Glover, was credited 22d October 1748,

.whole Insurance £.13,550 under Care of Nokcs.

23 Novernber 1748, came into Cash £.3,164 5r.

After Date of the Bond.

1 June 1749 — £.2,500.

Mr. Nodes,

Within what Time was the other minute Articles, exclusive of the£. 80,000 before accounted for, received

Great Part before the Date of the Bond, and some after, between iftofjune 1749, and 27 Alay 1752; arid some Sums not yet come in.

Cantillon's Insurance £.4,000 came in November 1748.

Defeazance read,

Produced general Account of Prizes and Provisions, &c. of Mr. Walker’s Share.

Mr. Nodes,

Has seen such an Account, is a Computation of Shares before the Date of the Defeazance.

By whom was Calculation made

Don’t know.

Whose Hand-writing do you believe it is

I don’t know.

Whether upon looking into the Account, you can’t say that this Calculation must be made before ///eNympha was loft

No*; it appears to be made since; because there are sundry Lodes by Under-writers in the Account.

Mr. Patrick Flanagan — Account fh*wn him.

7 Qr Whose

Bankrupt

Laws.

610

Whose Hand-writing (to you believe it to be

To the belt of his Opinion, it is the Hand of Thomas

Nodes.

Have you often seen him write

Yes; several Times.

Are you acquainted with his Manner of Writing

I think I am.

Whether you know Mr. Nodes ever drew up such an Account

In my Opinion it is Mr. Nodes's Writing, from often seeing him write.

Mr. Thomas Thomas,

Account shewn him.

Do you know whole Hand-writing it is

I believe it is Mr. Nodes'* — I am Jure it is.

Whether you have seen Mr. Nodes write often

Yes, a Variety of Times; am well acquainted with his Hand-writing.

Cross Examined.

Did you fee Mr. Nodes write it

No.

Did you ever fee this Account before produced here

/ do not remember io have Jeen that particular Account before.

Whether you are not as clear of that being Mr. Nodess Hand-writing as could be, unlessyou had seen him write it

Yes, I am.

Mr. Flanagan.

Is this the First Time you have seen this Account

To the bed of his Remembrance he has not seen it before.

Calii Book fhewu him, and asked, WThether he knows whose Hand-writing it is

Believe page 16 to be Mr. Nodes's Hand-writing; upon being called in, said, he recollected to have seen that Paper lafi Week.

Cross Examined.

What Day last Week did you fee it

On Wednesday, the id Infant.

Where did you fee it

In his own House in Rosemary Lane,

Who produced it to you

I am sure it was Captain Walker.

Did Captain Walker come to your House on Purpose to llieyv you this Paper

I can’t tell.

Had he any other Business with you

He talked about his Affairs in general.

What did he say to you when he produced this Paper?

Ask’d me, if I knew whose Hand-writing it was.

What Answer did you give him

I told him, I believed it was Mr. Nodes'* Hand-Writing, and I believe I added to that, that I thought it was like his Writing some Years ago.

Did Captain Walker tell you the Purpose why he asked that Question

No; he did not tell me the Purpose of his Question.

Had you no other Conversation with Captain Walker about the Paper, befules what you have disclosed here? To the best of my Memory, he told me, the Paper might be of Use to him.

Did he explain in what Manner it might be of Use to - him ?

I believe he said his Affairs would appear the better for it.

Was any Body by at the Time Captain Walker produced the Paper to you in your House

Mr. Mkercher was there with Mr. Walker the same Day.

At the Time Mr. Walker produced the Paper, was Mr. here her there or not

1 believe he was; lam sure he was present.

Did Mr. M'kercher fav any Thing to you what Use was to be made of that Paper

No; I believe he did not; can’t tell whether he did '..or not positively; think not.

A. 1)59.

Did Mr. Mfercher^at this Time of coming to your House, say any thing relative to this Paper?

I was told by Mr. M'kercher, or Mr. Walker, or both, that if an Order pame for me, from this Committee, I was to attend, in order to prove this Power of Attorney, which he produced, being made to me, as well as shew Reasons for mv not signing the general Account when in Bristol \ and I assignecl that the Order in Letter produced, was a sufficient Reason.

Did Mr. M'kercher say any Thing about this Paper?

He did not.

Whether Mr. M'kercher and Mr. Walker came together

Yes; they came together, and were at his House together Two Hours.

What did your Conversation in general turn upon for that Two Hours

Talked of Affairs in general.

Did Mr. M'kercher say any thing about the Paper when produced

He did not; Mr. M'kercher was in the Room, but did not speak about it; he talked about this Business coming before the House, and could not come in so good a Place; he meant the Paper would be of Use in the Affair.

Was any Body else present

Nobody else was present.

What Time of that Two Hours was the Paper delivered to you

At the Beginning of the Time.

Did you read it through

Never read it.

Had you no particular Conversation relative to this Paper

None but what was mentioned before.

How many Years since was it you saw Mr. Nodes write?

Believe it is Two Years.

When did you last fee him write?

Within Four Years.

Where did you fee him write?

At the Swan and Hoop in Cornhill.

Upon what Occasion was that Writing I

Upon his own Occasions, about Affairs of the Ships.

Were you settling any Account together?

Not at that Time.

Did you fee and read what he was writing that Day in Cornhill f

I did not.

Do you form your Opinion of his Writing, from what you saw him write that Day

No.

How long was it before that Day, that you saw him write

When we were at Bristol together.

When were you at Bristol together?

Last Winter was Eight Years.

Do you form your Judgment of his Hand-writing from what you saw him write last Winter was Eight Years?

From that, and before that Time.

Whether your own Hand-writing is the same as it was Eight Years ago

Don’t know whether it is or not.

When Mr. Walker produced the Paper to you, what did he say

He asked me, if I knew whose Hand-writing it was; I told him, I believed it to be Mr. Nodes's.

Did he tell you what the Paper was

He told me it was a Paper of Accounts.

Did you yourself fee it was a Paper of Accounts

Yes, I did.

Did you read it, or any Part of it

Don't know that I read a Line of it.

Did you immediately, without reading any Part of it, say it was Mr. Nodes's Hand-writing

Don’t know whether 1 read a Letter first, or made a Reply first.

Did

2* juML

J

32 Geo. II. 2"

Sit

Did you look at it for the Two Minutes you had it in your Hand?

Don’t know whether I lifted my Eyes off it ot not.

AVas there any Conversation relative to it, while you had it in your Hand

Don’t know that there was.

Did you bring the Paper here

No.

Can you take upon you to say, it was the same Paper

Don’t know that it is the same Paper.

What Part of the Paper did you look at

All over, but rtot particularly.

Did you fee any of those 64 Z’s?

Can’t recoiled whether I did or not.

Did ycni look at the £. 4,000 at the Bottom i

Don’t know whether I did or no.

Read the First Line, and from the Words Royal Family, it is as much from that as any other, he forms his Opinion.

Had you no Conversation with Mr. Walker about the Royal Family Privateers

Not more than upon the general Affairs, that it would be of Service to him.

Did not you know it was about the Royal Family Privateers

Believed it f6 to be.

Whether the Conversation upon this Account, did not turn upon its being an Account of the UoyalFamily Privateers

Yes, it meant that; talked of no other Business.

Whether vou was not Captain Walkers Attorney at Bristol

I went there by virtue of the Power of Attorney upon the T able.

Did you ever hear any Computation made of these Prizes,by which a Foremafi Man’s Share came to £.64

Never did; but the Computation I saw was £.36 8 1.

Was that £.36 8 1 a Computation, or an Account

It was a settled Account.

Do you know the Difference of Computation of Account, from real Account

Yes.

Did yoti never fee any other Account than What you received Money by?

I received no Money.

Did you not go dow n to Bristol f

Yes, along with Mr. Nodes; had then the Power of Attorney in my Pocket.

Had you and Mr. Nodes any Conversation about Prizes in your Journey to Bristol f

No doubt; but am certain he never told me that a Share amounted to £.64.

Did he tell you what a Share did amount to

He iliewed me Hooks at. Bristol, by which it appeared that a Share amounted to £. 36 8 1.

Account shewn him; and asked, if it was Mr. Nodes9s Hand-writing

Thinks it is his Hand-writing.

Asked, Whether Page 17 in Cash Book is his Handwriting?

I think Page 17 and Paper were wrote by the same Hand; Page 16 looked more like his Handwriting.

Was you an Adventurer in the Royal Family Privateers

Yes; had Two Shares.

How conies it you had not Curiosity to cart your Eye over the Paper, being an Adventurer yourself; if it was established, that a Share was £.(>4, would you not be a great Gainer by it

Yes.

Did you acquiesce in Account of £. 36 8 1 for a Share

Yes, I did.

Letter of Attorney fhcwn him, and asked, whose r Hand-writing it is?

Believe it was wrote by Mr. ColUngzvood, a Clerk to . Walker.

VOL. 28.

Cross Examined.

What do you mean by saying you was overpaid?

Had received more than my Share came to upon the general Account 5 and upon a particular Account with Captain Walker.

Do you know of auy Alteration made in the Books at Bristol, after 16 August 1750.

Can’t recollect any Alteration after that Time.

Did you peruse any Book or Books of the Sailors Accounts at Bristol

I did.

Did you make any Mark or Sign upon those Books

Can’t remember whether I marked any Account.

Had you Recourse to Books when you pleased at Brijlolt

Yes.

Whether you saw any thing in those Accounts that were unfair

No; nothing but what was fair; the Sum Total I believe was right — Captain Walker had a Copy of the Account sent him; after which he wrote to him not to sign.

Mr. Daniel M'kercher,

The Account lhewn him; and asked*Whether he ever saw it before?

Said* He never did fee it.

Did you fee Mr. Flannagan

Yes.

When was you last at his House

Think, about Ten Days, or a Fortnight ago;

What Time of the Day

In the Evening* in Company with Mr. Walker and Flannagan himself

How long did you (lay at that Meeting

Believe about Two Hours;

What was the Purpose of your going the re

To fee the Date of a Power of Attorney, which Mr. Walker had inverted Flannagan with; and a Letter which Mr. Walker had wrote to Mr. Flannagany to forbid him signing the Accounts.

Was that the whole Purpose of your going the re

Yes; I did ask Mr. Flannagan some Questions about that Power of Attorney: I asked, why he did not sign the general Account at Bristol; his Answer was, that Mr. Walker had wrote him a Letter to forbid him signing the Accounts: I then asked him, if he hud not received that Letter, whether he would have signed the Account; his Answer was, that he would not; he laid, that he had many Reasons, particularly, that he did not think himself a furticient Judge of an Account of that Importance r I asked him his other Reasons; but he did not chuse to enter into that; and said it was not a proper Time.

Was there any Account produced to Mr. Flannagan?

Not in my Presence; he and Captain Walker came together, and went away together.

Was you with Mr. Walker and Flannagan all the Time

Yes; it was a small Room we were in*

Was there any Conversation there, concerning the proving any Paper to be Nodes's Hand-writing

I did not hear any.

Cross Examined.

Was you ever there at any other Time?

Not with Mr. Walker.

Was you attentive to all the Conversation between Flannagan and Mr. Walker

No; I was talking to Flannagan's Wife sometimes.

Had Flannagan or Walker any Paper in their Hands?

Flannagan's Wife brought several Papers down, and put them in her Husband’s Hands.

Did Mr. Flannagan put any Paper in Captain Walker's Hands

He might, or might not; I was not attentive to their Conversation; do not know whether Captain Walker had any Paper in his Hands or not.

Whether, at the Beginning of the Meeting, or any other Part of it. Captain Walker did produce any Paper

to

Bankrupt

JUaws*

Bankrupt

Uaw*

6i%

; 2° Juni

4- 1759-

to Flannagan, and esquire of hiqi, whether it was or not the Hand-writing of Nodes

Neither saw any such Paper produced, or heard any Conversation about it.

Whether you yourself at that Meeting did not inquire of Flannagan, whether you could prove the Hand-writ--ing of Nocks, to some Paper that was then produced

1 did not.

What Day was it you was at Flannagan's House

" I can’t recoiled from any Circumstance.

Was it before the First Day the Committee met since the Recess?

Thinks it wras in the Holiday-time.

Whether any body else was there besides Flannagan and his Wife, and Captain Walker and yourself?

Yes; there was another Woman there.

Did Mrs. Flannagan stay there any Time

Yes; the fat down about Half an Hour, without any Intermiftion.

Who made the Tea?

Mrs. Flannagan.

Did the enter into the Conversation so far, as to hear whether Mr.’ Flannagan had that Power of Attorney in his Custody, or whether he could lay his Hands, upon it

Mr /Flannagan said, he believed he had it, and desired his Wife to go up Stairs and look for it.

Was there not some Conversation about the Service it would be of to Mr. Walker, if he, Mr. Flannagan, was to attend this Committee I

Yes.

Had Mr. Flannagan any Summons to attend this Committee

" Not that I know of.

What was the Service he was to do here

I told him, that the Purport of his being summoned here, was to prove, that he had a Power of Attorney, which superseded Mr. Cafamajor's Power of Attorney from Mr. Walker > 1 told him, that he would be summoned,

L Can you be positive there was no Conversation about his proving something else

I mentioned to him, that there were some Reasons to believe they were Frauds committed at Bristol, in the settling of the general Account of the Prizes; and that lie might possibly be asked some Questions about that; he said, that it did not at all come in this Cafe, but that it was proper for aCourt of Justice; he therefore desired, that lie might be excused from answering any Questions relating to the Frauds alleged to be committed at Bristol, in settling the general Accounts of the Prizes at Bristol.

What were those Frauds said to be?

There was nothing said in that Conversation about the Particulars of the Frauds; — in general, he did not clmfe to speak at that Time about those Frauds.

Was there not some Couverfation about the Mifcom-pntation of the Shares?

There was something mentioned in general, but ilo Particulars which I can recoiled.

Was there no Conversation about what the particular Quantum of a Foremall Man’s Share might come to?

I did not hear any.

What were those Frauds committed at Bristol, which you mentioned before?

Had often heard it suggested, that there were several Frauds committed there, particularly, that there had been loo Shares more created than were in the Articles; that the Computation of £. io per Share for the lall Cruize, had been reduced to a very iniignificant Sum, a few Shillings.

By whom did you hear these great Number of Shares were created?

I did not hear.

From whom did you receive this Information of the Fraud?

I heard it from Mr. James Goddard.

Did you hear it from any other Person, and whom

Can’t tell particularly whom, but have often heard it in CoiiVerfation.

Whether it could be of any Benefit to the Managers if the Captors Share of the Prize had been divided between One thousand or Eleven hundred People?

Can’t take upon me to answer that Queliion.

Whether you and Captain Walker went there together

Yes.

Whether the Captain or you carried any Paper with you?

I carried none; I had some Papers relating to this Affair in my Pocket, but did not produce them.

Did Captain Walker produce" any Paper to your Knowledge?

No; he produced a Pocket Book, but no Paper that seemed to be a loose or detached Paper, except a Letter from oiie Gamble.

Did Captain Walker take away any of the Papers brought down Stairs by Mrs. Flannagan

Can’t say whether he did or not; brought none aivay; there was a Parcel of Papers, more than Two or Three brought down by Mrs. Flannagan; the Power of Attorney was One of them.

How many Parcels of them

Can’t tell, some of them w'ere never out of Mrs. Flannagcms ^pron; the other Woman present was one Mrs. Scott; flie lives in Southwark, and keeps the House which Captain Walker lives in.

Do you know whether it was before or after the First Day of the Term they were at Flannagan'a

Believe it was the First Day of Term.

Adjourned till Tomorrow.

Veneris, 11° die Mail, 1759.

Bankrupts Committee met.

Mr. Cooke in the Chair.

Present.

Lord Carysfort, Mr. Fellozves,

Mr. Webby Mr. Chauncy Townfend,

Mr. Morton, Mr. Howard,

Mr. Jonesy Mr. Lockyer,

Mr. Wilkes, Lord Middleton.

Braford Williams, Victualler, in Skinner Sired, Bishopsgate Without, general Account of Prizes Ihewa him.

Do you know whose Hand-writing it is? 4

Yes; Mr. Nodes' s Writing; 1 am fare it is.

Are you well acquainted with Mr. Nodes'* Handwriting?

Yes; have wrote with him Three Months together at Lisbon, as a Clerk.

Have you often seen him write

Yes; many Times.

When did you fee him write last

Many Years since.

How many'Years since you saw him write at Lisbon?

The First Cruize.

When was the last Time you saw him write?

The Time of the Second Cruize; can’t recoiled the Date of the Year; but was soon after the Ceffalionof Arms.

During that last Time, did you fee him write often?

Yes, every Day; he was paid for Two Months Employ at that Time at Lisbon, by Mr. Jalabert, by the Direction of Mr. Nodes.

Commodore Walker's Journal shewn him, and asked, Whether he can tell whose Hand-writing it is?

I am Jure it Nodes’.? Hand-writing; I know it well; can’t be mistaken.

A Letter signed Thomas Nodes to Commodore Walker, dated August 29, 1749, llievvn him, and asked, Whose Hand-writing it is?

J have seen Nodes write his bed as well as word Hand, and I am fare it is his Hand-writing; does not always write his Name alike; but be is very Jure it is his Hand-writing; looks upon this Letter as some of his hejt Writing.

Another Letter, dated 21 February 1759. shewn him, and atked. Whether he knows whole Hand-wi lting it is?

It

34 Geo. II. 2°

It is Mr. NodesV Hand-writing, 9am sure of it; I always admired his Writing.

Cash Book, Pape 16 and 17, /hewn him, and asked, Whose Hand-writing it is

Pages j6 and 17 are both Mr. Nodes's Hand-writing,

9 am very sure of it.

Desired to compare Letter and Book together, and asked, Whether they were both alike

Page 17 is his indifferent Writing.

Whether Letter and Bopk are not of the same Species of Writing?

Yes; both wrote by him.

Cross Examined.

General Account shewn, and aiked. When first saw it ? Never saw it before Today.

Who desired you to come here

Mr. Thomas told him some Business would be transacted, and perhaps he might be wanted.

Did he say for what in particular

Believe he said, I should be asked, if I knew Mr.. NodesV Hand-writing.

Was any Body with Mr. Thomas when he came to you? Nobody.

How long did Mr. Thomas flay with you

About half an Hour.

What Time of the Day was it

It was at Candle-light in the Evening.

Did you go into a Room together

No; only in a public Room in my House; nobody was there at the lime he came in.

Was any Body there before Mr. Thomas went away? No.

W’here is your House?

In Skinner s Street, Bishopsgate Without.

Was the Room on the Ground-floor, or up Stairs? On the Ground-floor on the Right-hand going in How many Rooms on that Floor

Four.

Whose Writing is the indorsement of that Account? I am not sure whose it is.

Does the indorsement appear to be the same Writing as the Inside

The Inlide I am sure is Mr. NodesV; lam notfofure of the indorsement.

Are you acquainted with Mr. Thomas.

I have not seen him lately; but was acquainted with him some Years ago; have wrote with him and Nodes.

Are you acquainted with Mr. Thomas's Handwriting?

No; not acquainted with it; does not think lie should know it.

How long did you write with him

Upxvards of Three Months.

Did you write longer with Mr. Nodes, than*Mr. Thomas

All employed the same Time together; but saw Nodes's Writing oftener than any other Person’s; Nodes being a principal Clerk.

7. A Paper shewn him.

Asked, If he knows whose Hand-writing it is?

I believe this is Mr. Nodes's Running-hand; I am not so sure of this as of the other.

2. Another Paper shewn him.

Asked, Do you know whose Hand-writing it is

I don’t know; some Letters are like Nodes's; but can't think it his Hand-writing.

3. Another Paper shewn him.

Do you know whose Writing it is?

' This is like the other; and I can’t be sure whose it is. Do you believe it is Nodes's Hand-writing, or not? I believe it is.

4. Another Paper.

Do you know whose Hand-writing it is?

I am not sure.

Do you believe that is, or is not. Nodes's Writing?

I won’t be sure; I believe it is Nodes's Writing: Whether you have the same Certainty, that all these Vol. 28.

mii. 613

Papers as you have, of the Paper, being Nodes's Handwriting?

I am mofl certain of the Account; not quite certain of those Papers.

How many Clerks in that Office you were in, at Lisbon.

Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Powell, Mr. Thomas, myself; and all our Accounts we used to shew to Mr. Nodes; there was One more that used to assist sometimes.

Whether any of those Gentlemen you have mentioned, wrote like Mr. Nodes.

No.

Do you know that any of those Clerks wrote any Letters like Mr. Nodes.

Never took so much Notice of any Body’s Writing as I did of his.

Whether the other Clerks don’t endeavour to form their Hands to write like the First Clerk

I have endeavoured to imitate his often.

Whether the other Clerks did not endeavour to imitate his Writing?

I believe they may, by often copying,

Did they often copy from his Writing?

Yes; they copied his Accounts, not trying to imitate his Hand.

Asked, Whose Writing the indorsement upon the Paper is?

Said, I believe it is Two different Hand-writings.

Whether you believe either of them is Mr. Nodes's Writing?

It is wrote so loose, I can’t pretend to know the Writing at all.

Whether you know Mr. James Goddard's Handwriting

No; would not be certain; never saw him write much.

Paper shewn him again, asked, Whether he believes Words " General Account," are Mr. James Goddard's Hand-writing?

I can’t tell indeed.

Do you form your Judgment, that those Letters are Nodes's Hand-writing, as being like the Paper you are sure is Nodes's Hand writing?

Did not speak to his Belief, as to Three of those Letters being Nodes's Writing from Similitude of the Paper he was sure was.

Mr. Frazer the Agent, asked. Who was Clerk to the Commission of Bankruptcy sued out against Walker?

I was.

AVas the Paper, called the Account, delivered by Mr. Walker at the Time of his last Examination?

I don’t know.

Do you think this Paper relative to the Bankrupt’s Estate?

The Account purports to be a general Account of Prize Money, and as such is relative.

Did you prepare the Bankrupt s last Examination, as Clerk to the Commission

I did.

Whether this Account was produced at the last Examination of the Bankrupt?

This Paper, together with 500 more, was contained in a Box or Boxes, which he believes was, or were brought to Guildhall.

Account marked Letter B. produced by Mr. Cruikfhank.

Mr. Frazer, were these Boxes produced at Guildhall, ' at the last Examination !

I believe they were; am not sure.

When Boxes sent to your House, did you peruse these Papers

No, never saw one of them.

Whether you know that this Paper was in the Box amongli the others?

I don t know.

When was it you first saw this Paper

A few Days ago, about 10 or 12 Days.

7R Are

Bankrupt

Laws.

Bankrupt

Laws.

i° Junii. A. 1759-

Are you sure the Iall Examination was taken at Guildhall.

I can’t tell; imagine it was.

W^en did you first fee the Account Letter A? Impossible for me to recollect the Day; several Meetings at Mr. Cruckjhank9s House, Two or Three Persons were d irented to look into the Boxes, to look for Papers necessary to be produced, and at one of those Meetings, thefeTwoAccounts were produced; the Per Tons directed to look into the Boxes were, Mr. Inman, Mr. Thomas, and Mr. Boddicot.

When did some, or one of them, produce these Papers to you ? Whether before last Monday

I don’t know.

Whether it was not on last Monday

I don’t know.

Who was the Person that brought that Bag of Accounts?

I don’t know.

Was Mr. Inman or Mr. Thomas there when Papers were produced

I don’t know.

How do you know that this Paper was in this Box ? The Gentlemen were directed to look into the Boxes for material Papers, and this Paper was found.

Did you take any Notice of the Indorsement

No.

Do you take them both to be the same Hand-writing? Seem to me to be different.

Do you take them both to be Originals or Copies ? Don’t think they are Originals.

Mr. Cruikjhank asked as to Indorsement on Letter B. He wrote these Words " Wrote by Thos. Nodes, making Shares £.6 4, for 1st and idCruize;" don’t know whose Writing the other Part of the Indorsement is; the upper Part of it was on it when produced to me; the First Time I saw those Two Papers was last Monday.

What was your Inducement for writing those Words,

Wrote by Tho* Nodes

Because was told, That Letter B was Thomas Nodes Hand-writing; was like wife told Letter A was' Nodes's Hand-writing.

Who told you both Letter A and B were Nodes's Hand-writing

Capt. Walker, and Mr. Thomas.

Was it upon last Monday or before.

The last Monday.

Was you there when Bag was produced

I was.

Who produced those Two Papers out of the Bag?

One of the Clerks; I don’t know who.

Do you take both Papers to be one Hand-writing

No; I don’t think they are the fame.

Were they both folded up together

Yes.

Was the Mark N° 4 on it when found.

No; was put on it on Monday after it was found

Why N° 4 put on

On purpose to enable him to talk about the Accounts; believe Mr. Thomas, and every other Person round the Table, perused the Paper N° 4, on the Monday it was produced.

Whether these Papers were brought to you as coming out of that Box

They certainly were; Mr Frazer, Mr. Thomas, Mr. Inman, and Mr. Boddicot, and is pretty sure one Mr. James Goddard was in the Room on Monday Night.

When Papers were brought, wasihere any Person there said they had seen the Papers before

I can’t tell; they receivecLthem as a new Thing, and as ©fConsequence to them.

Whether the Papers were produced as coming out of the Box

Yes3 absolutely; the Clerks were directed to search the . Boxes on Saturday last; and believes they did qn Sunday; they did not tell me they had found them till Monday Night.

Whether it is not customary to take an Inventory of the Bankrupt’s Effects

I don’t know; am not certain.

Whether any Inventory was taken of Papers?

Not to my Knowlege.

When did you first get Possession of that Box of Papers

Don’t know whether before or after the last Examination.

Whether jt would not be of Benefit to Mr. Walker's Estate, if these Papers were established

Certainly it would.

Whether, when Mr. Walker gave him an Account of Effects, he gave you Notice of the Papers?

No, he did not.

What’s Amount of Mr. Walker's Efie&s

Nothing, as he knows of; he expected no Dividend but what should recover from the Managers.

Whether Captain Walker had ever acquainted him, the Managers were accountable to him for the Prize Money, at the Rate of £. 64 per Share?

He never did.

How did Captain Walker make it out to you, the Managers were indebted to him, and at what Rate per Share

He delivered in an Account, marked as an Answer to that Question.

The Mace came in, and the Committee was dissolved; but was afterwards revived, and adjourned till Monday.

Luruc 140 die Mail, 1759.

Bankrupts Committee met.

Mr. Cooke in the Chair.

Present,

Lord Middleton,

Mr. Webb,

Mr. Alderman Baker,

Mr. Fellowes,

Mr. PLumptre,

Mr. Thomas Thomas.

Account A shewn him.

When did you first fee that Account

In this House, the Day I was examined.

Whether you went at any Time to Mr. Flannagan's, and with whom

Yes; with Mr. Walker, on Saturday was Seven-night.

What was your Intent in going the re

I was to afkMr. Flannagan if he knew whose Writing some Papers were, that were produced at Mr. Flan nagan's.

What Paper was produced

I can’t tell; I was shewn some Papers, and was asked, whether I knew whose Writing it was.

Can you give any Account what that Paper was?

No: I did not know what Paper it was, whether it was this Paper or not; but I declared it then to be Nodes' s Hand-writing.

Account Letter B shewn him, and asked, whose Hand-writing it is?

This is very like Mr. Nodes's; but I can’t be so pofi-tive as the other.

Do you believe it to be Mr, Nodes's Hand or not?

Yes, I believe it is.

How long have you known Mr. Nodes?

Since the Year 1746.

Do you know whether Mr. Nodes is acquainted with the Family of Mr. Cafamajor

Yes.

Did you ever hear that he ever lived in the Family?

No.

Do you believe that he is so well acquainted with Mr. Cafamajor as to know how to spell his Name?

Yes, I believe he is.

Whether you know how for spell Mr. Cafamajor'% Name?

Yes.

Letter

Mr Jones,

Mr. Bose Fuller, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Wilkes,

Mr. Coventiy,

32 Geo. II.

Letter B ftiewn him again.

Whether that is Mr. Nodes's Writing

Where Mr. Cafarnajor's Name is wrote, last Line but one, the Words by the Commodore's Bond, is Mr. Nodes's W ri ting; blit the W ords, Paid %Cafamajor’.y per Letter are not; but the Figures 2550, the Sum at the End of that Line, is Mr. Nodes's Writing.

Whether you know the Hand-writing of those Words, Paid by Cafamajor as per Letter f

Believe I do; believe it is Commodore Walker's

Whose Handwriting is the Words, Of my Officers and People, due, to be paid out of the Prize MoneyJ

Believe it is Mi\ Walker's.

Letter A shewn him.

Asked whose Writing, and, SC Ship bought

Do not believe it to be Mr. Nodes's Hand-writing.

Whose Hand-writing are they?

Believe them to be Captain Walker's.

Do not the Figures 2730 appear to be altered

Yes; I believe they have been altered.

Whether there does not appear a Word to be erased in the Debtor’s Side

Yes.

Whether you believe the (’S private Account) to be Mr. Nodes's Writing?

Don’t think the Word private to be his Hand-writing.

When and where did yon first fee Account Letter B

Today, here.

Whether on Saturday the Fifth of May, you had any Direction from Mr. Cruikjhank to search for any Papers in.a Box, at his House, which belonged to Commodore Walker f

No; I had not.

Whether you was present on Sunday the 6th of May, or at any other Time, at any Search for Papers at Mr. Cruikjhank'& House

I was not.

Whether you was at Mr. Cruikjhank's House, on Monday the 7th of May> in the Evening

I believe I was.

Whether or no, that Evening, there was not produced a Parcel of Papers said to be found in Captain Walkers Box?

I believe there was; but don’t know what they were; the First time I saw Letter A, if that was the Paper produced then, was at Flannagan's House.

Who was present at that Meeting beftdes yourself

Mr. Cruikjhank; believe Mr. Frazer was; believe Mr. Inman came in the Evening beibre I went away.

Who was there beftdes

I believe Mr. James Goddard and Commodore Walker; am not certain whether Mr. Boddicot was there or not.

Whether Letters A and B, or either of them, were produced at that Meeting

Not that 1 know of.

Whether you did not declare at that Meeting, that both these Papers were Mr. Nodes's Hand-writing?

One Paper was produced tome, which I did declare was Nodes's Hand-writing; but am not certain whether it was one of those Papers.

Do you believe that One of those Papers were One of them

Believe it was; but can’t be pofttive.

Who was it produced the Paper at that Meeting?

I think it was Mr. Walker.

Are you sure they were not produced by Mr. Goddard

I don’t know; but am sure it was one of them.

N° 1, 3, 4, Letters ftiewn him, said, they are all my Hand-writing.

When these Papers were produced at that Meeting, what was laid of them

That there were some material Papers found, that would be of Service to Mr. Walker; they were found Two Days before, which was on Saturday.

When did you hear that

From Mr. Walker on Saturday Night; found by Mr. Walker himself 5 Nobody was in Company with them.

Vol. 28.

615

What did Mr. Goddard say, when the Papers were produced on Monday Evening

I don’t know.

Whether you went with Mr. Walker to Flannagan's on Saturday Evening?

Mr. John Inman, Clerk to Mr. Cruikjhank.

Letter A ftiewn him.

When did you first fee that Paper

I saw it several Months ago.

Where did you first fee it

Amongst Mr. Walker's Papers at Mr. Cruikjhank's.

Where was that Paper placed

It was tied up among some of Mr. Walker's Papers, in a Box, of which he had the Key.

When did you first produce that Paper, and to whom

That Paper I did not produce, it wa& found out by Mr. Cruikjhank, Captain Sinclair, and Mr. Boddicot, on Saturday was Sevennight, the 5th of May.

When did you fee it last

On that Saturday was Sevennight.

Whether that Paperyou saw last Saturday Sevennight, and now produced, was the same you saw several Months ago in a Box

Yes.

Whether, when you first saw the Paper, did you observe any Variety of Hands in it?

No.

Cross Examined.

Who were the Persons present, when the Paper was produced when you came in

Captain Sinclair, Mr. Boddicot, Mr. Goddard, believe Mr. Frazer, Mr. Cruikjhank, Mr. Thomas, and Mr. Walker; don’t recollect any more.

Can you tell when this Paper was produced, what passed with respect to the Use of it?

No.

Was any Question asked, whose Hand-writing it wa^?

Yes; some Person in Compan}' said,it was Mr. Nodes's Hand-writing; Mr. Cruikjhank asked Commodore Walker, who laid, he believed it to be Mr. Nodes's; am sure the Paper was produced on Saturday Sevennight.

Did Mr. Thomas look particularly at the Paper

Believe he might.

Whether Mr. Thomas said any thing of it being Mr. Nodes's Hand-writing?

Letter B ftiewn him, and said, he saw them both at the same time in the Box; Account he gave of the other Paper affects this.

Did you fee Mr. Cruikjhank mark either of them

No.

To whom did you deliver the Key of that Box on Saturday Sevennight?

The Key was loft for about a Month or Six Weeks; and am certain no Person looked into the Box till that Day.

Who looked into that Box on Saturday

’Twas done in his Absence; but was told, ’twas done by Air. Boddicot and Captain Sinclair.

Whether Mr. Cruikjhank, or any one, told you, how the Box was opened, and who found these Papers

Mr. Boddicot particularly told me, they had found both those Papers.

Did Mr. Boddicot tell you they had broke open the Box

No; I presume that Mr. Cruikjhank, and Mr. Bod* dicot, and Mr. Sinclair, had found it jointly.

Did you receive any Direction from Mr. Cruikjhank or Mr. Frazer, to look for those Papers

I received Directions from Mr. Cruikjhank on Saturday; Mr. Walker's Papers intruded in my Care, sorted in different Bundles; and I put material Papers in one Place, and immaterial Papers in this very identical Box.

Who took the Papers away

Don’t know.

Was you present on Monday when they were produced

Yes; then they were principally canvassed.

In whose Custody were they from Saturday to Monday f

I don’t

2° Junii

Bankrupt

Laws

6i6

o cy

2 jun

A. 1759.

Bankrupt I don’t know.

Laws. Who was there on the Monday f

Mr. Cruikjhank, Mr. Walker, Mr. Frazer, Mr. Thomas, Mr, Boddicot, Mr. Goddard, and Captain Sinclair.

To whom were the Papers ihewn particularly?

To Mr. Thomas.

Was he asked, whose Hand-writing the y were

Yes; he said they were both Mr. Nodes*s Handwriting.

Letter B shewn him.

Whether you know of any Alteration before that Night

Don’t recollect having seen any Alterations before that Night; but took particular Notice of the Alterations then; both the Papers being altered by Mr. Walker; I don’t remember particularly, which Paper was handed about that Evening.

Whether, when you put these Papers into the Box, you observed any Alterations

I don’t remember.

When they, were handed about on Saturday Night, did you, or any Body else, take Notice of any Alterations having been made

No.

Had you the Papers both in your Hand; and did you look at them on Saturday Night

No, I did not.

On Monday Night did you observe any Alteration on both of them

I only saw One of them, and both being altered, I could not tell which of them it was here Today.

How do you know that Captain Walkeraltered them

I take it from my Knowlege of Captain Walker's Hand-writing.

Letter B, the Words of my Officers and People, &c. at the Bottom of the ad Page of Account, I take to be the Hand-writing of Commodore Walker; I don’t recollect those Words being the re when I first saw the Account.

Letter A shewn and asked, What Part of that is Commodore Walker's Hand-writing?

The Words and, <5f Ship bought.

Letter B, of Credit Side, the Words paid by Cafamajor as per Letter 2550, I apprehend to be Captain Walker's Hand-writing.

Whether those Words might not be in when you first saw the Papers fonle Months ago

Yes.

Have you any Reason to believe these Alterations were made from Saturday to Monday Night

No.

How long have you lived with Mr. Cruikjhank?

Seven Years last July; the Boxes were brought as Part of Bankrupt’s Effects.

Do you know whether any Inventory was made? No.

Mr.Frazer informed the Committee, That Mr. Cruik-(hank asked Mr. Walker both Saturday and Monday, how these Alterations came to be made; be said they were made by him, but could give no particular Reason: and Mr. Cruikjhank replied, that he could give no Reason but a Sailor’s Reason, which was very foolilli and obstinate: That the Alteration did not appear to be recent.

Adjourned till Tomorrow.

Marfis, 15* die Alaii, 1759.

Bankrupts Committee met.

Lord Middleton in the Chair.

Present,

Mr. Hammond, Mr. Webb,

Mr. Lockyer, Mr. RoJ'e Fuller,

Colonel Lejlie, Mr. Wilkes,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Cooke.

Mr. Rayner proposed to call a Witness to prove, that the Account is not the Hand-writing of Mr. Nodes, Mr. Paul Henry Robinson, a Merchant.

Letter A shewn him.

Asked, whether he was acquainted with Nodes's Hand-writing

Yes; I have seen him write often; am well acquainted with his Manner of Writing; have looked on the Paper, and don’t take it to be his Hand-writing.

Letter B shewn him, have looked it over, and don’t take it to be Mr. Nodes's Hand-writing.

Whether you take both the Papers to be the same Hand- writing

Yes, I really think they are wrote by the same Hand.

Cross Examined.

I did Business for Mr. Belchier about 8 Years ago.

How Jong did you live with him as a Clerk

Never lived with him at all; always kept his own House; never concerned as Clerk to the Managers of the Royal Family Privateers.

Whether you was employed as touching the Royal Family Privateers

No; was accidentally employed in going down to Sussex for about Three Weeks, upon the Loss of the Ninfa, not otherwise; not employed in general about the Royal Family Privateers; never was concerned about the Beginning or the Clofing of that Account.

Do you know whose Hand-writing the y are?

I do not; I have seen a Hand-writing I think is'likeit.

Whose Hand do you think it is like?

It is like Mr. Thomas's, upon Recollection of some Letters signed by Thomas; have seen Letters signed by Thomas, but never saw him write; have seen Mr. Nodes write severalTimes; have had Letters from him to myself; have seen him write within these Twelve Months.

Upon what Occasion

I sent to him to know about the Royal Family Privateers; the last Time he wrote was about somebody’s Share in the Royal Family Privateers; at the Requestof some Publican he sent to Mr. Nodes, and Mr. Nodes sent me a State of the Account.

Whether you have got that Answer?

Don’t think I have got it.

What Business do you follow

A Merchant.

Do you remember the Contents of the Letter

No; as it did not regard my own Affairs, I did not keep the Letter, nor do I remember the Contents.

What have you done with that Letter?

I believe I delivered it to the Person who defined me to send to Mr. Nodes about the Shares. /'

Who was that Person

I can’t tell; many People have desired me to apply to Mr. Nodes.

Have you applied to Mr. Nodes at the Request of several Publicans

Yes.

Can you name any one of the Publicans

No, indeed I cannot.

In whoseGompany did you go down to Sujfexf

By myself; believe by Mr. Belchier's Desire.

For what Purpose?

In order to give Assistance to Mr. Tito, to fee that the Goods were brought in; but took no Account to prevent Goods brought in from being taken away again; have seen him write within these 12 Months; but can’t tell on what Occasion; have done Business with him myself, within that Time.

When did you fee Mr. Thomas's Letters

Have seen some Letters ligned by Mr. Thomas within this Week.

Are the Letters you saw wrote within this Week

No; some Years ago: am not acquainted with Mr. Thomas.

Who shewed you those Letters

I looked them out myself, at Mr. Belchier's Desire, within this Week; think between Wednesday and Saturday last.

Whether you don’t think the Accounts are like Mr. Nodes's Hand-writing

Yes, something like it; but yet there is a great Difference.

John Taylor, Clerk to Mr. Nodes.

Letter

32 Geo. II.

Letter A shewn him, a Iked, Whether he is acquainted with Mr. Nodes'* Hand-writing?

Yes; have fceri him write very often; fnw him write about n Week ago; have looked over the Paper, and don’t take it to he Mr. Nodes'* Hand-writing; never i'nw Nodes make Figures like many of them; have lived with Mr. Nodes about a Year and 8 Months; never knew any Thing of hip Hand-writing before.

Mr. Frazer in Reply, upon the Matter of Account, refers to the Defeazance.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Cash major to Mr. Walker, produced by Mr. Cruikjhank.

A Member p.resent proves Mr. Ca/amajor's Handwriting.

Adjourned till Tc-morrow.

Mcrcnrii, 160 die Mali, 1759. Bankrupts Committee met. Mr. Cooke in the Chair. Prefen t.

Mr. Webb, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Moore, Colonel Lejlie, Mr. Jenyns,

Mr. Fellowes,

Sir Francis Poole, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Howard.

Mr. Frazer, as to the Proof of First Articles, refers to the last Skin in the Defeazance, amounting to

17.24-7- 4s-

adly- On the Form of the Note in the Blue Book annexed to Cruikjhank's Account; and the Notes being negociable and indorsed, the Managers, by detaining them for about Ten Years, are become liable for the Contents of them; all Notes are in Nodes's PofiTeflion.

3. Another, That Notes were demanded of Mr. Cafamajdr, by the Bankrupt, but not delivered; and for that, refers to Mr. Cafamajors Letter, 25 April 1757;

One of the printed Notes read.

4th. Notes payable, preferable to atiy other Debt.

5th. Arises upon Account of Cash in Managers Possession, at the Date of the Defeazance.

The First Article is 60,000 received upon the Ninfa, before Date of the Defeazance.

Proof, refer to Account given in by the Managers.

The next is a Sum of £. 16,275. 3$. 4c?. Specie received by the Produce of the St. Agatha, upon 7th December 1747.

The next is a Sum of £. 4,311, received at the same Time, of the Produce of the St. John Baptijla: With respect to Quantum of these Articles, refer to Maw man and Maccy's Account: The Sum of£. 16,275 is found in Fo. 37, of General Account: To prove the Arrival of St. Agatha; produced Lloyd's Lift, 8 December 1747. The 4,311 is Fo. 34, of the same Book, and Arrival proved by the same Lift; another Sum of£. 1,628. 2 s. Produce of Cocoa, the same Fo. 34; that received 7th April 1748; this is the Sum of £. 74,000 came into their Hands in Cash before Date of Defeazance.

The Amount of the Sum £. 37,000 in Cash, which came to the Hands of the Managers before the Date of the Bond.

To prove Cocoa fold:

Mr. Inman,

Do you know any Thing of the Time of the Sale of the Cocoa, and the Receipt of the Sum of £. 1,628. 2 s.

I examined the Books at the Cocoa Office, in the Excise, and found the Cocoa was fold the 7th of April 1748.

Mr. Frazer, the next Sum, £. 23,407. 14 s. 8 d. the Produce of f ths of the Quicksilver, sold at Lisbon, that appears by Fo. 30, of Cojamajor's Account, that that Sum was received in the Year 1748; for Proof, refer to Managers Cash Book; received before 2d Cruize ended; Mr. Jalabert received it.

The next Sum of£. 8,880. 11 s. 3 d. refers to Managers Cash Book, Produce of the remaining One Fourth

VOL. 28.

of Quicksilver received Marik 1748: Fo. jt appears, Bankrupt the Managers gave them Credit for that Sum, Time af- Law* certained by the Gentlemen’s Cash Book; Sum Total of these Articles is £.114,502; 13^ id. which is the gross Sum they charge the Managers with as received; £.40,000, allow for Charges of the Prizes.

Then, Net Balance will be£. 74,502. 13^ id. One Moiety of which belongs to the Officers and Crew, amounting to £. 37,251. 6s. 6%d. This Sum-was in the Hands of the Managers, at or about the Date of the Defeazance; that a Fund sufficient. to pay the Article of £. 4,636. 17 s. 3 d. which is the Article infilled on by M r. Frazer, '

This Argument made use of to annul the Article of Interest on the Bond Article of £. 2,610 admitted.

3d Article of £.2,188. 17s. 5 \ + d. a Charge as Walker's Interest in the First Cruize, for Which refer to the Defeazance, Paid to be taken from a computed Account, infills upon being a flated liquidated Account; each Share is computed at£. 40. 2 s. 1 \d. that Computation cannot he a random Computation, but miift he from a certain stated Account, Two capital Errors in the settled Account with Cafamajor, refers to Fo. 34 of general Account, refers to an Article in that Fo. of £.4,311. is. 10d. for 16,230 Ounces of Pieces of Eight, ought to have Credit for many more Ounces, and coufequently for a larger Sum of Money.

Mr. Cruikjhank observes, upon the Article of 16,230 Ounces, thinks, ought to have the Quantum of Pieces of Eight, fays there was 23,557 and £ Pieces of Eight or Dollars, Eight Ryalls Plate, is advised, that each Dollar will weigh. 17 dwl. ini Consequence of which, the Amount would be 20,612 Ounces 12 diet, which at the Price the Managers mention is to be sold at, which at 5s. per Ounce, would amount to £.5,475. is. 10d.

to the Prejudice of the general Account £. 1,164.

M r. Jalabert shewn a Piece of Paper, and asked,

Whose Hand-writing the Receipt to it is

Admitted it was his own Hand-writing.

Mr. Inman,

Did you make an Inquiry about the Weight of a Spanish Dollar, and of whom

I made an Inquiry of How and Company, Gotdsmiths; Mr. Joseph Dyer, Goldsmith; Mr. Robert Rogers Gold* smith; and they told me,that One Dollar of Eight Ryalls weigh, on an Average, 17 dwt. 9 grs. but should be 10 grs. all say the same Thing.

Cross Examined.

Do you know Merchants Accounts

Yesf

Receipt shewn him.

Did you fee it before you asked the Question of those Gentlemen?

Yes.

Did you ever fee any Account furnished from Spain

Yes; never saw but Two; don’t underhand any Thing of the Spanish Currency; when asked that Question, did not shew them the Receipt.

Did you ask them the Weight of a Spanish Dollar, or a Dollar Currency

No.

Do you know of any Merchant the Receipt was^ shewn to

No; no other Person besides Mr. Cruikjhank, as I know of.

When did you fee it last?

About Two or Three Days ago; lbme Persons might be by besides Mr. Cruikjhank; it was the Topic of Conversation of that Time.

Who was present

Can’t name anyone particularly; it has been mentioned by the Company when Receipt has been shewn; don’t recollect any one in Company; believe M v. James Goddard was in Company, when this was the Topic of Conversation.

Was Mr. Mckercher in Company

Can’t recoiled.

7 S Was

A. 1759.

Bankrupt

Law*.

Was Mr. Frazer there

Can’t say.

Do you recoiled* whether any Computation was made between the Currency and other Dollars

Don't remember any Computation being made.

When did you aft those Quell ions

Part of them Today.

Qf whom did you alk that Part Today

Of J/ow and Company, Mr. Dyer, and Mr. Rogers. When did you aft arty other Questions, and of whom? Never; this Account I have in my Hand was an Account Mr. BoddicfH got from Mr. Bland, feme few Days ago, may be Four or Five Days ago, won’t be certain whether this Week or not.

When did you first fee that

To the heft of my Remembrance ’twns given roe this Morning; but believe had aSight of it Yesterday, ora Day or Two ago; have seen it before.

Did you fee it before Jail Monday

I believe not.

Who wasitben in Company, and what was said of it?

So many Meetings about these and other Adairs, that it is impossible for any Memory to carry it; I cannot recoiled the Company; the Subject Matter of Conver-fetion was, that Account had not been rendered of the Whole according to that Account; don’t remember any Tiling said betweenDoJlars Currency, and otherDoIlars.<

Mr. Cruikjhank.

When did you first fee that Paper?

Dither on Saturday or the Monday; when the other Papers A and B were found; all were found at the same time.

Who gave it you

I think Captain Walker.

Was there any Conversation on that Receipt.

Yes; I think I understand Merchants Accompts; I know the Difference between a current Dollar,/and a hard Dollar; in the way of Account there is a Difference of Two Ryalls.

What is a current Dollar of Eight RyallsPIate worth, suppose Exchance at 40 d.

Then 'tis worth 40 d.; a hard Dollar of 40 d. Exchange, worth One Fifth more.

Was there any Convejrfation between the Difference of a current and a hard Dollar

Can't tell; I made Remarks on if this Morning; according to my Idea and Judgqaent, the Receipt was not given for a current Dollar.

How much is a Doubloon worth of hard Dollars?

I think worth 16, according to that Paper.

Was the Paper brought out of the Box?

Yes; Directions were given to look ipto the Box on Saturday; feme were found on Saturday, and the Whole, searched after on Sunday; and the Whole shewn to me on Monday; I can't rgcplleft which I saw on Saturday.

Paper shewn him, and alike#!, WhethejrTwo Sunas pafl up together anq the same Species of Dollars

I can't tell really; as they {ire cast up together, no doq.bfc bjoJt they are the Species of Dollars.

Adjourned till Tomorrow,

Jovis, 1 f die 1759. Bankrupts Committee met.

Mr. Cooke in the Chair.

Present,

Mr. Mabbot, Mr. }Vebbf

Mr. Alderman Beclford, Colonel JLefiip,

Mr, Probyn, MuQhquneey Toxwfend,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Moore,

Lord Middleton, Mr. Jones,

Mr. Calthorpe, Ms., Haldane.

Sir Henry Erskine.

Mr. Frazer tpnoposed to shew a Mistake wfah *efpe& fcadthe Cocoa, Fo. 34, general Account, 2s.

By the Receipt, 46 Ton of Cocoa, received by the Managers, but only 38 were landed; and the Oiffierence ia 8 Ton, for which they have no Accoocvt; upon the

Article £. 2,18$ 17 5 44 refers to the Defeasance, and proceeds to ffiew, that Cafamajor's Account is not a settled Account; and as to the First Cruise, ’twas settled without any Authority; that is the same as to the Second Cruize* settled without any Authority; to prove this, ho delivers in a Letter of one of the Managers; the Letter acknowledged by Mr. Belchicr.

The Letter read, to shew. That the Managers did not think that Cafamojor*s Account was a settled Account.

Mr, Walker's Objections to Mr. Cajdmqjprs Account prefen ted.

For Proof, refers to Mr. Belduer's Letter; Affidavit of Mr. Walker, taken 2d of Avgujt 1757, read.

Proposes to call Mr. Crawer aft^ to prove, that Walker applied to the Managers to settle the Account by Arbitration in an amicable Manner.

20th of December 1746, for the First Cruize, Officers and Crews appointed Mr. Henry Cajamajorto be their Agent, to receive Prize Money; in the Year 1748 Eight hundred of those Pei fens executed Nine Letters of Attorney to Mr. James Goddard, revoking the Power of Attorney they had granted to Mr. Cafamajor.

Decree of the Court of Chancery produced and read, to shew, that the general Account of Prizes was decreed to be taken, and no Notice therein taken of the Account signed in the decretal Part, though infilled upon in one of the Answers, refers to folio 36, of the Decree, where the Managers agree, that a general Account ihonjd be taken.

The next Article, is an Article of /. 6gp, the Intqreft of Walker in the 2d Cruize; for Proof refer to the Defeazance.

The next Article, is Insurance on the Niff a, as fwora to by Thomas Nodes, £. 822. 12$. 4 d. admitted and given Credit for it in Nodes's Account £.822. 1 %$. 4d. all recovered of^. 1,200. £. 2,000 insured on Walk$r'$ own private Account.

OrderedThat Mr. Bigger do attend Tomorrow Morning.

Notice taken of the Speaker being in the Chair, $nd the Committee was dissolved.

Luna, 21° die Maii 1759;

Bankrupts Committee met.

Mr. Wilkes in the Chajr.

Present,

Mr. Moore,

Mr. Fellozves,

Mr. Lefiie,

Mr. Rose Fuller,

Mr. Chauncey Tawnfend, Sir Lynch Cotton,

Lord Mayor of London.

Lord Carysfort,

Mr. Plumpire,

Mr. Webb,

Mr. Jones,

Mr. Hammond,

Mr. Charles Townshend,

Mr. Lascelles,

Mr. Frazer, £. 822. Article of Insurance, recovered on the Nufd* £ a,000 anally infixed on the Nivfafoc Walker's private Use.

Three Letters sent to the Committee by Jordan Bigger: One from George Walker to Jordan Bigger, dated March 5riviJ47*8-2d. From D* to D°, dated 16 July 1747, Ff. S.

3d. From D° to D°, dated 19 June 1747.

Book of Letters produced by Mr. Frazer.

Mr. Thomas Thomas, Letter from Walker io Jordan, dated June 19th, 1747.

Thinks Mr. Nodes's or PoweWs Hqnd-writing, am not positive; she Sqperscription is Mr. Walker's Hand-writing, am well acquainted with his Hand-writing.

Mr. Thomas Bigger's Letters fhevrn, fays, he can’t tell wjiofe Hand-writing it is.

Adjourned till To-morrpw*

Mar tis, 22* die Maii 1759.

Bankrupts Commmittee met.

Mr. Wilkes in the Chair.

Present,

Mr. Pole, Mr. Webb,

Mr. {Coventry, Mr. Haldane,

32 Geo. II. a0 Junii. 6\o

Mr. Chaunecy Towiyffeud, Mr. Moore,

Mr. Fonereau, Mr. PUmpire,

Mr. Rofc Fuller, Mr. Probyn.

Sir Heniy Frjkine,

Rithard Cracraft,

What Application did you make to the Managers to settle Walker's Accounts, and pay the Balance?

25th January 1748, attended Mr Walker and the Managers, at their Office in Walling Street, to define them to settle Walker's Accounts; Managers defined to have till the then next Wednesday to consider the fame.

When was the lad Time you applied to the Managers on Walker $ Account

10th O&oher 1750, at the Request of Captain Walker,

I applied to the Managers, to know whether they would pay him his Prize-money; they refused him; can’t remember whether any Thing was said about settling the Accounts.

What Converfetion parted bet ween you and Walker; and what Direebions did he give you

I can’t tell.

Cross examined-

When you applied to the Managers to pay Walker's Prize-money, what was the Money

I can’t tell; never few any Settlement; the Managers always refused to let him know what it was; they never would shew mean Accpunt.

Did Mr. Walker shew yoq *my Account?

I saw Mr. Walker's Accounts, wherein he kept Account current, and wherein the Account, particularly the Men, were made Ikbtors, for Money and Cloaths advanced them by him, during the Cruize, the last Time I went to settle Accounts; don’t remember any Conversation; I applied to them to demand the Payment of Prize-money; did not apprehend any Account was settled.

Did you apply to the Managers for Payment of the Foot of a settled or un settled Account

I look upon it, applied to them ou the Foot of an unfeftled Account.

Why did you apply for Payment pp the Foot of an Hnfettled Account

I don’tknow whether any Distribution had been made; but if he had applied to njp for Particulars, would not been concerned for him, only to afe theip, whether they would pay him.

What Reasons did the Managers give, that they did not pay him

They never gave any Reasons to him for his A#fvers.

Whether you thought it poifible, that any Prize-money would be paid tilj an Account was settled

They might if they thought fi,t: think jt probable it might be done; has been done ip many Ipftauces.

What was the Purport of the Rondj and why did you disapprove of it

It was a Draught of a Bond prepared by Mr* Royneru as Attorney for the Managers; and it was the Condition for the Payment of £. 2,550 which they bad advanced to him; and as Mr. Walker told me, he was to assign pver his Prize-money, and the Monies due to him from the Mariners besides, for the Payment of it; and the Reason why he disapproved of it was, that he was appre-henfive, that it had totally put it out of his Power to apply to the Managers in the Manner he could have done, if he had not conveyed the Property out -of hi*n-self; and that his Opinion was, that he had put hipdeJf in the Power of the Managers to imprisop him when they pleased, by giving that Bond.

Did it appear to you, that Mr. Walk#' was giving more than an Equivalent for the Security for hi? Money

I undefitood, that wh3^ be was to assign over to them, was much greater than double the Security for the Money by them advapqed; ^nd remember, I begged of him not to take the Money from the Managens.upoq that Security; and told;hj«V f WPiMde^v^ncefoip upon the feme Security, even a* for a? £.4, Q0pj did it believing the re ftP ktf

Vol. 28.

Prize-vponey, ap(J wh^t was owing; from the M^n 5 Banferqp* believe he h^d so much coming to him, from the Inspection of his Accounts, and the Nature of the Prizes, he had given qn Account of Walker's Books were at. his Lodgings at Hackney; he was in a bad State of Health; I attended with Four or Five of my Clerks, to copy out the Letters, Accounts, and Papers, to frame a Bill in Chancery against the Managers.

What Account did Captain Walker give you, of the Reason that the Managers exacted so much Security

I know of no Reason, except that the Managers had sent to him, to dine with them.; after I had retained Counsel; told me, he had been with the Managers; and that they had promiled to be kind and friendly to him; and that he believed he could then rely upon them;

Walker tpld him, that the Breach of Articles was for not fitting, victualling, and managing Ships agreeable to Contracf.

What Effe&had the Breach of Articles

I can’t tell.

Whetfier you had any Conversation with the Managers relating to the Bond for Money

No; but refused to be concerned for him (Walker) any further, if he did sign the Bond; and Mr. Sewell's Opinion was that he should not sign it.

Whether in Fact you know how much the Security has really produced

No, I do not; never having seen any Account.

Whether, your Computation of the Value, does not in a great Measure depend upon Captain Walker's Account of the Sums due from toe Men, being a true Account

It does to be fore.

Whether, if the Fa& had been known, that many of the Men at that Time had been over-paid, whether, in those Instances the Security would not hqve beep a. deficient Security

jit certainly would have lessened the Security so much as they appeared to be overpaid.

Whether, if he had taken the Mortgage, he woqjd kav_e confi/dered himself liable for those f)eficiences

No, by no means, not as a Mortgagee.

WheP did y°u retain Counsel againflthe Managers?

3d of January 1748.

Whether M r. Sewells Opinion was upon a Hated Cafe?

No; the Draught of the Bond was shewn.

Whether you knew that Mr. IFalker was pot indebted to the before this Money was advanced ?

No; X cau’t tell.

The Bond fliewjqi him.

Did you ever fee that Bond before

Np; never saw it before m my Life; this is not the

Bpud difap pro ved of.

Whether you think the Tenor of that tQo advantageous for the Managers?

I think this a Bond of too fti’ongTermsibr a Man in Walker's Circumstances at that Time to execute; this Bond, for payment pfj£. 2,550 with lawful Interest, that is £. 5 per Cent, and as the Managers had Monies of Walker's in their Hands at that Time, or would soon after, as I apprehend, of the Loss of the Ninfa, which, to the best of my Remembrance, was said to be upwards of £. 100,000, therefore I think it should not have borne Interest.

Whether you do or do not know that the Managers had or would soon have Money of Walkers in their Hands?

1 do not know, nor would they ever give me any Account when I applied to them; but I did believe, that they would soon have Money in their Hands.

I) i<J Mj. Walker eves shew you his Account with the Managers

I opjjippfc take upon tpe fey, whether he (did or not, ip any qtftqr than Jb3Ve given an Account of

before.

Jf the Argument ofthofe Sfoarejs accompanied tlpe Bom^, sche tafcen by the Manager;* dfo pqt

appear more exorbitant?

I dorft

6 20 2° Junii 1759.

bankrupt; I don't apprehend it to bean exorbitant Advantage, ^avvs* feecause if it be in the Manner as I expect, that a Proviso

was in the Deed of Alignment, that the Managers upon receiving sufficient to pay themselves that /. 2,550 and Interest, then that Deed would be void of itself, and the Bond too; the Reason that I give for it is, I thought they should have taken the Bond without Interest.

Whether, if the Fa& had been, that they had no Money of his in their Hands, it would have been Wrong to take it with Interest?

I don’t think it would; I don't think they would have lent him the Money, if they had not, or did not expert it soon.

Whether, if you had lent him the Money, you was not to have Interest

Yes, I was to have Interest, and was to have had the Assignment too.

Did you ever apply to the Managers the Wednesday after the 25th Day of January 1748. '

No Answer.

Adjourned till Tomorrow.

Mercurii, 230 die Mali, 1759.

' Bankrupts Committee met.

Mr. Cooke in the Chair.

Trefent,

Mr. Moore, Mr. Webb,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lockyer,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Jones,

Mr. Hoxcard, Mr. Hammond.

Question,

That the Agent for Commodore Walker beatLiberty to make use of, and read in Evidence, a Letter, dated 18th May 1759, signed J. II. Bigger, sent to this Committee, sealed up, and direfited to the Chairman of this Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Committee proceeded to read, by Consent of Mr. Belchier, Tln'ee Letters inclosed in the same Cover, signed George Walker, and dated June 19th, 1747, 16 July 1747, N. S. March 5th 1747-8, and di reeled to Jordon Heylin Bigger. Letters read, to prove that Mr. Walker ordered Mr. Bigger to insure £.2,000 on his own private Account.

id Letter, June 19th, 1747, read.

2d Letter, 16 July 1747, N. S. read.

1 3d Letter, March 5th, 1747-8, read.

And admitted to have been wrote by Captain Wal» / ker, and sent on or about the Time of the Date.

Managers printed Cafe, Page 4, Second Paragraph, read.

Produced a Letter, dated April 28th, 1747, from Mr. Bigger to Mr. Walker, read by Consent of Mr. Belchier, refers to general Account, signed 16 August 1750, Fol. 33, to prove £.105,800 insured

Adjourned till Tomorrow.

Jo vis, 240 die Maii, 1759.

Bankrupts Committee met.

Mr. Hammond in the Chair,

; Present,

Mr. Webb, Mr. Howard,

/ Mr. Moore, Mr. Fellozoes,

Sir Francis Poole, Sir Henry Erskine, f Mr. Hammond, Mr. Thistlet/nvayle,

Mr. P (umpire, Mr Jones,

M r. Rose Fuller, Mr. Chauncey Townshend,

Mr. Herbert, Mr. Haldane,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lascelles,

Lord Carysfor I, Mr. Coventry,

To shew £.105,800 insured, read Book Fo. 33. general Account.

£. 52,800 for the Use of the Owners and Managers, aria £. 50,000 for the Use of the Crews; upon that Account £. 3,000 remains unaccounted for; infills that Part of that 3,000 was for Walker's Use; £. 800 ought th be added to Walker's £.1,200, and that would make up his £.2,000.

Policies admitted to be lawful and valued Policy, he has now done with the Article of Insurance.

The next Article on the Debet Side of our Account, is £.2,426. os. 1 id. to prove this refers to Mr. Nodes's Account; it ought to be £. 2,245.

An Article on Credit Side of this Account, £.2,266. 15s. 9d.; this an Article in Maxeman and Macy’s Account, ax Money advanced to Walker-, the Balance £.4,480 never paid; Managers protested, and returned Bills drawn upon them.

Mr. Frazer rests here upon the Matter of Account.

Question,

That the Agent for the Managers do proceed to an^ fwer the new Matter of Account, infilled upon by the Agent, for the Bankrupt, in his Reply it having been agreed by both Parties, that the Matters of Account should be heard separate;

Iiefolved in the Affirmative.

: Question,

That Mr. Walker do deliver to this Committee, aa Account of his Interest in the Ninfa, either as Owner or Commander at the Time the saidShip was loll;

A Motion made to adjourn;

Adjourned till Tomorrow.

Veneris, 250 die Mali, 1759,

Bankrupts Committee met.

Mr. Hammond in the Chair.

Present,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr.' Tucker,

Mr. Webb, Mr. Coventry,

Sir Lynch Cotton, - Mr. Rose Fuller,

Sir Henry Er/kine, ‘ Mr. Moore,

M r. Chancey 7 oicnjhend, Mr. Pole.

M r. Rayiier, i 11A n fwer.

Mr. Frazer in Reply, admits Credit given for Salvage, and applied to general Account; admits receiv-

ed proportional Credit for that Salvage.

Fifth Paragraph of Walker's same read.

Question,

That the Agent for the Bankrupt do now proceed to prove the Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth, Articles of the Bankrupt’s Cafe;

Committee divided.

Ayes to the Right, Noes to the Left.

Noes yielded.

Mr. Frazer; no Evidence to product of the Fifth Article; but refers to the Bankrupt’s Affidavit and Fol. 36 of the Decree.

6th Article of same read.

No Evidence to produce to this Article, nor think there is any Thing material in that Article.

Bond a6lually put in Execution against the Bankrupt; therefore not necessary to prove it, refers to the Action. and Certificate of Causes; that Mr. Morris Lloyd, who is Abroad, if he had been here, could have proved the Agreement relating to the general Releases.

7th Article read.

' As to threatening, that is private Matter; the Detention is proved by the Minutes, that at the Time of executing the Bond, they had considerable Property of the Bankrupt’s in their Hands, he did in Fa6t sign the general Account.

Mr. James Goddard: Was appointed Agent by 800 of the Seamen of the Royal Family Privateers; and established so by the Court of Chancery.

In what Manner are you established so

By a Decree in February 1752.

Are the Managers Parties to that Suit

I apprehend they are; when I filed the Bill, I made them Parties.

Is there a Decree to take a general Accourit of Prizes?

There was a Decree, but did not fee it; have not taken an Account in Consequence of that Decree; was deprived of the Opportunity of doing it.

By

52 Geo. II,

By what Means were you deprived

I had several Actions brought against me, in the Name of the Managers, declaring in £. 5,000 each, for the Defamation: Think 7 or 8 Actions in the Names of Mr. Belchier, Mr. Jalabert, Mr. Ironjide, Mr. Neville, Captain Talbot, and Thomas Nodes; and another at the Suit of one Robert Carter.

What was done in those Actions

’Am informed by my Brother, That they submitted to pay the Coils.

What Year were the Actions brought in I

Believe in 1752 or 1753.

What was the Action of Thomas Nodes for

It was for a malicious Prosecution brought against him at the Old Bailey.

What was the Prosecution at the Old Bailey t

It was a Bill oflndi&ment, brought by one John Wilkinson, One of the Plaintiffs in the Chancery Suit.

Was the Bill of Indictment found

Yes.

Did you give any, and what. Evidence on that In-di£hnent to the Grand Jury

Only to prove, that John Wilkinson was the identical Person.

What was the EffeGt of the Bill of Indiftmenl

For forging the Will of John Wilkinson.

Was Mr. Nodes tried on that Indictment

I heard he was; but was not there.

Was this Will of Wilkinson forged

Twas proved to be a forged Will: For the Man was alive, and appeared against him as a Prosecutor afterwards.

Did John Wilkinson give Evidence against Nodes before the Grand Jury

He did, as he informed me. I saw him go in to the Grand Jury, and saw him come out.

Was any body else tried for this Forgery, and who

Yes, Timothy Murphy; and condemned and executed.

Was you present at that Tryal

I was at the Tryal of Murphy. The material Witness against him (Murphy) was Mr. Thomas Nodes,

Was it then objected. That Mr. Nodes was an Ac-cpflary to that Forgery

It was debated by the Counsel, whether he should or not be a Witness.

Whether the Objection against him was not. That he was an Accessary to the Forgery

One of the Objections was, That Murphy was an Evidence for the Crown before Nodes was taken up.

The Eighth Article read.

Mr. Frazer refers to the Bankrupt’s own Affidavits; made Objections to these Accounts; and are here produced; fictitious Actions appear upon the Proceedings.

No evidence on 8th Article.

Question to adjourn till Tomorrow;

Committee divided.

Ayes to the Right. Noes to the Left.

Ayes yielded.

Adjourned till Tomorrow.

Luna, 28° die Maii, 1750;

Bankrupts Committee met:

Mr. Cooke in the Chair.

Present,

Mr. Webb, Mr. Jones,

Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Alderman Dickinson,

Mr. Ptumptre, Mr. Fellozves,

Mr. Hammond, Mr. Lut/reli,

Mr. Rayner is ordered to answer to the 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th Articles of the Bankrupt’s Cafe: Proposed to rearl an Affidavit of Morris Lloyd.

Mr. Frazer objects to the reading of it.

Question,

That the Affidavit of Morris Lloyd be read;

Faffed in the Negative.

Motion made, That t heCommittee do proceed totake into Consideration the Accounts between the Managers and the Bankrupt;

Yol. 28.

(unit. 621

Previous Question put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Question,

That the Agent for the Bankrupt do now proceed to prove the Remainder of the Bankrupt’s same;

Resolved in the Affirmative.

9th Article read.

Air. Rayner,

Admitted, That he removed himfeUJ and continues there, at the Suit of the Managers.

uoth Article read.

Admitted, He was charged in Custody for a Debt of^.833. 12s. xi d. But does not admit it was a pretended Debt. Admitted, That he was likewise charged for£.5,100. the Penalty of the Bond; but notunjuftly and oppressively: And admits. That Judgment has been signed, and Bankrupt in Execution, on both Actions.

Mr. Frazer, with respect to the rest of Article 10, he refers to Evidence already before the Committee,

11 th Article read.

Adjourned till Tomorrow.

The same of George Walker, a Bankrupt, mofl humbly submitted to the Consideration of Parliament, Sheweth,

1. That the Bankrupt, in the last War with Fraiice and Spain, had the Honour to be Commodore and Commander in Chief of a Squadron of Four private Ships ot War, called the Royal Family Privateers, and, in the Year 1746 and 1747, had the good Fortune to take several very rich Prizes, and thereby became intitled, as Commodore and Quarter Matter of the said Squadron, to a very large Sum of Money out of the Produce of the Sale of said Prizes; and also to £. 7,247. 4*. out of the Prize money due to the Officers and Crews of said Privateers, on Account of Goods furnished and Money advanced to them, and which was to be repaid.

2. That William Belchier, Israel Jalabert, and James Talbot, together with other Owners and Managers of said Privateers (fmce dead), caused the aforesaid Prizes to be condemned and fold, and received the whole Produce of the fame, amounting to £. 200,000 Sterling, or thereabouts, whereby they became Debtors to the Bankrupt in a large Sum of Money, on Account of his own Shares, and other Allowances as Commodore and Quarter Matter; and also on Account of the said £. 7,247. 4*3 due to him; of which the said Managers had early Notice, long before any Dividend was pretended to be made, or any of the said Officers and Crews were paid their Shares.

3. That the Bankrupt, knowing the Managers to be possessed of a large Sum, his Property, on Account of said Prizes, and having a pressing Occasion for some Money, prevailed on them to advance him £. 2,550 on the Credit of his Interest in said Prizes; for which they not only obliged him to execute a Bond, bearing Date the 16th of March 1748-9, in the penal Sum of£. 5,100, but also to execute to them an Indenture, of the same Date, by way of collateral Security, whereby he assigned over to them his Interest of £.2,878. ijs. 5dM in said Prizes; and also the said £. 7,247. 4s.; with this Proviso, that the said Indenture should be void so soon as the £. 2,550 was paid.

4. That the said Managers soon after had several other large Sums of Money paid in to them, on Account of the said £.7,247. 4^. and also £.2,610. 6s. gd. was paid into their Hands, the 15th of March 1750, by Henry Cafamajor, in Discharge of the said Bond, by which Means the same and also the said Indenture became void, and ought to have been delivered up; but the said Cafamajor, being wholly under the Influence of the Managers, and acting in concert with them, collusively suffered the said Bond and Indenture to remain in their Hands everfince.

5. That the said Managers, though often applied to by the Bankrupt to account with him touching his Interest in said Prizes in their Hands, they have con-

7 T stantly

Bankrupt

Laws.

622 2° Junii. A. 1759.

Bankrupt stantly refused, and still do refuse, to come to any just or Laws. fajr Account. pretending, that the Accounts of said Privateers and Prizes are so intricate and perplexed that it is impossible for them to settle them.

6. That in the Year 1754 the Bankrupt, having been informed, that Mr James Goddard, Agent to the said Royal Family Privateers, was, by several malicious Perfections, driven into Obscurity, he came to London in 1755, to settle Accounts with the Managers, and to take out of their Hands his said Bond and other Securities, which were satisfied and paid; and accordingly he applied to them for that Purpose; but they, dreading the

Consequence of his Appearance, and of his joining with other Officers and Seamen in a Suit of Chancery, insti-tuted by Mr. James Goddard in their Behalf, to compel the said Managers to account for the Produce of the said Prizes; threatened to put his said Bond of £.2,550 in Suit against him, and to imprison him thereupon, on the least Sign of Molestation against them; and that the aforesaid William Belchier, pretending to be much his Friend, did, under that specious Colour, and the alluring Offers of Friendship and Assistance in the Prosecution of a Plan which the Bankrupt had then in view, endeavoured to persuade him, that it would be for his Interest to make a ftiort End of all Matters in dispute between him and said Managers; and, for that Purpose, to consent to sign their general Account of the Prizes, and to execute mutual Releases to one another; for that it would be impossible ever to adjust or settle the Accounts of said Prizes.

7. That the Bankrupt, findinghimself thus threatened, and disabled, by the unjust Detention of his Property im the Hands of the Managers, to contest the Matter in Account with such powerful AdverCaries and at the same time relying on the proffered Friendship and Affiftance of the said William Belchier, agreed to his Proposal; and, in the Month, of November 1755, did enter into the following Agreement with the said William Belchier, in behalf of himself and the other Managers of the said Royal Family Privateers, by which it was agreed " That the Managers of the Royal Family Pri-<c vateers and the said George Walker should make an " end of all Matters in dispute between them in Manner following; that is to say, That the said Managers " and the Bankrupt George Walker should mutually

" execute each unto the other general Releases, for and in respect of all Claims and Demands whatsoever u between them touching the said Privateers and their €t Prizes, or otherwise howsoever; and that the said " George Walker should in the Interim sign their Books " till the said Releases could be prepared, for which,

of said William Belchier told the Bankrupt, he had *c given Orders to Mr. Rayner."

8. That the Bankrupt, not suspe6ling any Fraud, and being desirous to be left at Liberty to prosecute his other Affairs, did, at the Request of said William Belchier, and in pursuance of such Agreement, lign such Books as were presented to him for that Purpose; but without any previous Examination or Inspectioti thereof, or of the Vouchers of the fame, in hopes that the said Managers would have executed to him such general Release as aforesaid; but the said Managers, after the Bankrupt had been thus prompted and induced to lign their Books, refused to execute the fame; and, instead thereof, the said William Belchier, Israel Jala- . bert, and James Talbot, being at that time the only surviving Managers, soon after caused him to be arrested, in a fictitious Action, for £. 833. 12 s. 11 d. pretended by them to be a Balance of an Account current; which pretended Account the Bankrupt never saw or heard of, till after he had been Fifteen Months in Prison on said Action: He therefore does not think himself in any ways bound by his having signed the said Books, in the Manner and upon the Motives above-mentioned; but more especially as the said Managers have not on their Part performed the Agreement or Conditions upon which they were so ligned.

9. That the Bankrupt, for want of Bail, found himself under the Necessity of being removed by Habeas 16

Corpus to the King's Bench, where lie has been detained a Prisoner, at the Suit of the said Managers, ever fmee the 21 ft May 1756.

10. That the said George Walker, the Bankrupt, was no sooner become a Prisoner, than the said William Belchier, Israel Jalabert, and James Talbot, charged him in Custody not only upon the said pretended Debt of £.833. 1 is. 11 but,most unjustly and oppressively, set up the aforesaid Bond of £. 2,550 (which had been paid several Years before) against him, and also charged liim in Custody in £. 5,100, being the Penalty thereof, in order to preclude him of any Chance of obtaining Bail; and have since signed Judgment, and charged him in Execution upon both the said Actions.

11. That the Bankrupt, being greatly distressed, and unable to make any Defence against the said Actions, and being advised, that his only Relief was in a Court of Equity, he therefore made no Defence at Law, and was preparing a Bill to be filed in Chancery against the said Managers; but being unable, by Reason of his distressed Circumstances, to commence and prosecute such Suit in Equity, lie was, as aforesaid, charged in Execution on the Penalty of the said Bond for ,£.5,100, and also on said other Action for £. 850 Damages and Costs; which said Executions so greatly distressed the Bankrupt that (after remaining upwards of Twelve Months in close Confinement, whereby his Health was greatly impaired, and his Life endangered), he was at last forced to find Security for about £. 8,000 before he could obtain the Liberty of the Rules.

12. That aCommission of Bankruptcy issued against the said George Walker, on the 27th Day of May 1757, upon the Application of James Contts, Banker, whereupon he was declared a Bankrupt; and, pursuant to Notice in the Gazette, all the Creditors who had proved Debts under the Commission did, at the SecondSitting of the Commissioners, chuse the said James Coutts and John Cruikjhank, of London, Merchant, Assignees of the Bankrupt’s Estate and Effects; who have accepted of the said Trust^and executed a Counter-part of an Assignmenfc to the major Part of the Commissioners.

43. That the said William Belchier, Israel Jalabei't, and James Talbot, appeared before the Commissioners, and offered to prove a Debt of £. 850 by virtue of the said Judgment obtained against the said George Walker; but the Commissioners refused to admit them to prove such Debt, unless they would agree to discharge the Bankrupt out of Custody, from the Execution upon that Judgment;. which they refused to do; but did not offer to prove any Debt under the other Judgment upon the Penalty of the Bond of £. 5,100, well knoiving that the same had been discharged several Years ago, though the Bankrupt still continues to be charged in Execution upon the fame.

14. That the said William Belchier, Israel Jalabert, and James Talbot, on the 17th June 1757, petitioned the Great Seal; by which Petition, after many false Allegations contained therein, they pray to be at Liberty to prove their Debt under the said Commission, in order to oppose the Bankrupt’s Certificate, and to dissent from the same, they waving all Benefit of any Dividend of his Effects; a Condition which they might very safely propose, as they were largely indebted to the Bankrupt.

15. That the Bankrupt, together with the said Assignees of his Estate, preferred, at the same time, a cross Petition to his Lordship, praying, a general Account of the said Prize Monies as between the said Managers and the Bankrupt; and, notwithstanding the said last mentioned Petition was supported by several Affidavits, whereby it appeared, that, upon a just and fair Account, there would be found a very large Balance owing from the said Managers to the Bankrupt’s Estate, yet his Lordship declared, that he would not direct any Account to be taken in a summary Way upon that Petition; for that the proper Remedy was by Bill ift Equity to compel such Account, and reduce the said Debt of £. 850 set up by the Managers; and therefore his Lordship was pleaftd to refuse the Desire

of

32 Geo. II. *2° Junii. 623

of the said cross Petition, and (o admit the Managers to prove their said Demand, as prayed by their Petition.

16. That the Commission against this Bankrupt has issued fairly, and without any Fraud or Collusion, with a View to procure his just and lawful Creditors Satisfaction for their respective Demands: That the Bankrupt has in every Respect complied with the Law, by surrendering up his All for their Benefit; who werefo well satisfied of his just and honest Dealings with them in that Respect, that all of them who have proved their Debts under the said Commission, have very readily signed, or given Authorities to sign, his Certificate; and that the only Creditors that oppose the Bankrupt’s Certificate are the Managers of the Royal Family Privateers; who were the original and only Cause of his Bankruptcy, by the unwarrantable Detention of all his Property in their own Hands; those very Managers who threw him into Prison, and (till detain him there upon the aforesaid Two fictitious Causes of Action.

That the unfortunate Bankrupt humbly conceives his Cafe, as well as that of his fair and just Creditors, /will appear to be attended with such Circumstances of great Cruelty, Oppression, and Injustice, as call aloud for Red refs; and from which, as the Law concerning Bankrupts now (lands, there is no Relief to be expected, otherwise than from the benign Interposition of the Legislature. He therefore most humbly begs Leave to submit the same to the Wisdom and Consideration of the Parliament.

George Walker.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time; was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Royal Assent The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s to Bills. Commission for declaring his Royal Assent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House. of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal; and Earl Goiver, named also in the said Commission; did, by virtue of the said Commission, and also of his Majesty’s Commission for holding this Parliament, accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1759; and for Relief of Samuel. Taylor, with respect to a Bond entered into by him, for securing the Duties on Tobacco imported:

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duty granted by an Act, made in t he Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, on Silver Plate, and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate; by permitting the Sale of Gold or Silver Plate in small Quantities, without Licence; and by granting a Duty instead of the Duty now payable upon Licences to betaken out by certain Dealers in Gold or Silver

Vol. 28.

Plate; and also a Duty upon Licences to be taken out by Royal Assent Pawnbrokers dealing in Gold or Silver Plate, and Re- to Bills, finers of Gold or Silver.

An Act for augmenting the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, at Westmivjler, the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, and Justices of Chester and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales:

An Act for adding certain Annuities, granted in the Year 1757, to the joint'Stock of Three per Annuities consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, zSth, and 29th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking Fund: and for charging the Annuities on Angle Lives, granted in the Year 1757, on the Produce of the said Fund:

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the Premium upon Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encour raging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with aDuty; and for enlarging the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and also for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and filing thereof:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Five millions, by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; so far as the same relates to the Rates and Duties on Offices and Pensions:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures,

Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as the same relates to fome~

Provisions with regard to Licences for retailing Wine; and to preserve the Privileges of the Two Universities, in that Part of Great Britain called England, with respect to Licences for retailing Wine.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy; and for the better Prevention of Piracies and Robberies by the Crews of private Ships of War:

An Act for applying Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathingfor the Militia, from the 31st Day of December 1758 to the 25th Day of March 1760:

An Act for enforcing the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, and for removing certain Difficulties, and preventing Inconveniences, attending, or which may attend, the fame:

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks,

Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth, and for better fortifying the Town of Ports-moulh and Citadel of Plymouth, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for applying a Sum of Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke; and to amend and'

render

624

Juniu

j. 1759.

rat render more effectual an Act, of last Session of Parliament, for applying a Sum of Money towards fortifying the said Harbour.

An Act for the better preventing the Importation of the Woollen Manufactures of France into any of the Ports in the Levant Sea, by or on the Behalf of any of his Majesty’s Subjects; and for the more efTeftiial preventing the illegal Importation of raw Silk and Mohair Yafn into this Kingdom:

An Act for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns:

An Act for further regulating the Power of taking Samples of foreign spirituous Liquors by the Officers of Excise; and also for impowering the Traders to take such Samples before the Duties are charged:

An Act for obviating a Doubt with respect to the Summoning of Persons for Offences committed against, or Forfeitures incurred by, the Laws of Excise:

An Act to continue so much of an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed ' or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Culloms or Excise; and to the Relief of the Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; and to appropriate certain Penalties mentioned in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread:

An Act for Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates, for their Creditors Benefit:

An Act to continue, amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames; and to prevent putting of Rubbish, Ashes, Dirt, or Soil, into the said River, and in the Streets, Passages, and Ken-ness, in London, and in the Suburbs thereof, in Middlesex and in Westminster, and such Part of the Duchy of Lancaster as is in Middlesex; and for allowing a certain Quantity of Dung, Compost, Earth, or Soil, to be yearly shipped, as Ballast, from the Layftalls in London, on board any Collier or coasting Vessel:

An Act for the more regular and easy collecting, accounting for, and paying of, Post Fines, which shall be due to the Crown, or to Grantees thereof under the Crown, and for the Ease of Sheriffs in respect to the fame: An Act for continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Man) le Bony and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Hoi-bourn as lies in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for the better Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to the City of Glq/gow \ and for building a Bridge hrofs the said River, from the said City to the Village of Gorbells:

An Act for making and completing the Navigation of the River Wear, from and including South Biddick, or Biddickford, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham; as relates to making the said River navigable between the said Two Places, called South Biddick, or Biddickford, and New Bridge, in the County of Durham:

16

An Act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, int ituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, as relates to the Port and Haven of Sunderland, and the River Wear, between South Biddick, or Biddickford, and the said Port and Haven.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there; and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon; and for applying, Tof the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse, certain surplus Monies, which have formerly arisen by the Assessments for raising the Land Tax in the said Town:

An Act for discharging the Inhabitants of the Towm of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, from the Custorn of Grinding their Corn and Grain, except Malt, at certain Water Corn Mills, in the said Town, called the School Mills; and for making a proper Recompence to the Feoffees of such Mills:

An Act for establishing, regulating, and maintaining, a Nightly Watch, and for enlightening the open Places and Streets, within the Town of Guildford, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scols, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Towm of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a Bridge cross the River Tweed; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads front the Town of Mold to the Town of Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-y-Cafn and Conway, and from the Town of Wrexham to the Town of Ruthin, Denbigh, and the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the Counties ol Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon;

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place, called Litllegate, at the Top of Leadenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of Barnby Gate in Newark upon Trent; and from the Guide Post, at the Division of Kelham and Mvfkham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for repairing and widening the high Road from Wetherby to Graffington, in the County oiYork;

An Act for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of South Mailing, near the Town of Lewes, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence through Firle Street under the Hill, to Long bridge, in the Parish of Alfri/lon, in the County of Sif/'ex:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury, through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Lincolta Lane, in the County of Devon:

An Act for amending and widening the Roads leading from Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the New Inn, in the Parish of Winjtanjlow, in the County of Salop; and also the Road from Blue Mantle Hall, near Mortimer's Cross, to Ayme/trey, in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymejlrey Bridge:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from the South-weft End of Nether Bridge, in the> County of Westmoreland, by Sixerghfelfide, to Levens Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of Miltthrop,

to

32 Geo. II. V Junii. 6i$

to Dixes, and from the Town of Miltthrop aforesaid to Trustees rlatned in the Will of William Cleaver the Royai Afl&nt Hang Bridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke elder, deceased, to convey certain Pieces or Parcels 10 BdIf* Turnpike Road at the Guide Post near Claivthrop Hally of Land in the Parish of Hayes aforesaid, Part of the in the County aforesaid; Estate devised by the Will and Codicil of the said William

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, Orietnade Cleaver, unto the said William Pitt, in Fee-Ample* in in the 13 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Exchange for Part of the said First-merttioned Lands:

George the First, and the other in the 17th Year of his An Act to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads leading Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Bagot, from Chippenham, and for repairing several Roads lead- now called Charles Chester, and his Sons, to take the ing from Chippenham Bridge and to repeal so much of Surname of Chester, and for carrying an Agreement an Act, made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty, as therein mentioned into Execution; and for explaining relates to the Road between the said Bridge and Lower and altering that Agreement, and giving better Direfc-Stanton, in the County of Wills: tions for the carrying the fame* so explained and altered,

An Act for repairing and widening the Road lead- into Execution: ing from the East Side of Bamjley Common, in the An Act for carrying into Execution the Articles made County of York, to the M iddle of Grange Moor, and from on the Marriage of Sir Edward Blackett Baronet, with thence to White Cross; and also the Road from the Dame An)i his Wife, by a Settlement to be made with Guide Post in Barygh to a Rivulet, called Barngh Brook, and under certain Variations and Provisions more and from thence for Two hundred Yards over and beneficial for the 1 flue of the said Marriage: beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of An Act to impower the honourable Edward Bouverie Cazvlhorney in the said County. and William Bouverie, respective!y, to make Leases of

An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Here- Chester's Key and Brewer's Key, and other Tenements ditaments, in the Counties of Bucks, Northampton, Salop, and Buildings, in the City of London, devised by the and Stafford, devised by the Will of Evelyn, late Duke Wills of Bartholomew Clarke and Hitch Younge, of Kingston, in the present Duke of Kingston, in Fee- Esquires, deceased:

Ample; and for settling other Manors, Lands, and An Act to impower certain Persons to eitfranchise Hereditaments, in the County of Nottinglutm, of greater several customary Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of Value, in lieu thereof, to the" like Uses: the several Manors of Nicol Fore ft, Solpost, and Bew~

An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange castle, in the County of Cumberland, late the Estates of agreed to be made between the most Noble John Duke the honourable Catherine IF/i/ring/a?i, Widow,deceased, of Bedford, and Ambrose Beddall Gent leman, Judy his directed to be settled to certain Uses by the Will and Wife, and Elizabeth their only Child: Codicil of the said Catherine Widrington, and for other

An Act for Vesting Part of the Eftntes entailed by the Purposes therein mentioned:

Will of the moil Noble Charles Nod Duke of Beaufort, An Act for transferring to the Guardians of Charles deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing William Molyneux, an Infant, a certain Power 6f other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses; and for Leafing, contained in the Marrhge Settlement of impowering the Guardian and Trustees, named in the Bichard late Lord V\fcount Molyneux, deceased, during said Will, to make Leases of the said Duke s Estates, in the Minority and for the Benefit of the said Infant: the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Hants, Devon, Dorset, An Act to exchange Lands between Samuel Wegg Glamorgan, and Brecon, during the Minority of his Esquire, and the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Children: Church of St. Paul, in the City of London:

An Act for settling the Real and Leasehold Estates of An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, the most honourable Margaret Biydges, commonly in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, settled and called March ion efs of Carnarvon, Wife of the moil entailed on Denys Rolle Esquire, and his issue, in hid, honourable James Brydges Esquire, commonly called in Fee-simple; and for settling other Lands and HerC-Marquis of Carnarvon, and late Margaret Nicoll, ditaments, in the said County of Devon, of greater Value,

Spinster, an Infant, for the Benefit of the said Marquis to the same Uses:

and Marchiontfs, and their Ifl’ue; and for applying Part An Act for vesting the Manor of Duxford, and divers of the personal Estate of the said Marchioness for the Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Cambridge,

Purposes therein mentioned: Part of the settled Estate of James Barry Esquire, and

An Act for impowering Hemy Arthur Earl of Powis, Elizabeth his \Yrife, in Trustees, to be conveyed to and Barbara Countess of Powis ', to make Leases of the Richard Crop Esquire, pursuant to Articles; and fot-Estate late of William Marquis of Powis, deceased, in settling other Estates in the County of York, of greater the County of Montgomeiy, for Twenty-one Years, or Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses of their Marriage Three Lives, at the improved Rent: Articles:

An Act for making a Partition and Division of certain An Act for Sale of the Inheritance of Part of the Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, settled Estate of John Caryll Esquire, in the County of agreed to be purchased by Thomas late Lord Onslow, Sussex, to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame: and for settling and limiting the same for the Benefit of An Act to impower William Warburton Esquire, to the several Persons claiming under his Marriage Settle- make Leases of Part of his settled Estate in Malvern ment, and Will respectively: and also for stiling and Chace, for Ninety-nineYears,in order for the cultivating disposing of Timber growing on the Estate devised by and improving of the fame:

his Will, for the Purposes therein mentioned: An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of

An Act for raising Money out of the personal Estate Thomas Buckley Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, fop of the late Duchess of Buckinghamshire and Nor?nanby? discharging an Incumbrance affecting the fame, prior deceased, to renew a, Lease of certain Manors and to his Marriage Settlement:

Estates, in the County of York, in the Manner and for An Act for giving further Time to Trustees therein the Purposes therein mentioned: named to execute certain Trusts veiled in them in and

An Act to enable William Walley, and others, to fell by an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the and convey Three undivided Fourth Parts of a Messuage Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, A 9 Act for or Farm, and several Pieces or Parcels of Land and vesting the Remainder in Fee of several I^ands in Ire~ Hereditaments, lying in or near the Parish of Hayes, in lund in Trustees, in order to sell the same to Protestant the County of Kent, unto the Right honourable William Purchasers:

Pitt, in Fee-simple; and for in vesting the Purchase An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields,

Money in other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship and to the same Uses and Estates as the said Three undivided Liberty of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester:

Fourth Parts are now subject to; and to enable the An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and Vql. 28. 7 U common

626 2° Jumi. 759.

Hoyal A (Tent common fields, called Little Barring (on Common Fields, . At the Opening of the Section his Majesty exhorted

and a Common or Waste, called the 2)^;w^ithin the you to bear up against all Difficulties*effectually lo stand Manor of Little Barrington, in the County o^Gloucester: by and defend his Majesty, and vigorously to support An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and com- the King of Prussia, and the rest of his Allies, mon Fields of Hoton, in the County of Leicester, and all The King has commanded us to acquaint you, That the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields: his Hopes of surmounting those Difficulties were found-

An Act for dividing and inclcling the open, arable, ed on the Wisdom, Zeal, and Affeftion, of so good a Fields, open Meadows, and common Failure Grounds, Parliament; and that you have fully answered his Ex-in the Parish of Sileby, in the County of Leicester peftations. You have con side red the War in all its Parts;

An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, and, notwithstanding the long Continuance of it, and common Grounds of and in the Manor and Parish through the Obstinacy of our Enemies* have made such of Ilarmfton, in the County of Lincoln: Provision for the many different Operations, as ought

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Fields, to convince the Powers engaged against 11s, that it wiil jVfeadows* Pastures, common and waste Grounds, in the be for their Interest, as well as for the Ease and Relief of

JPariffi of Ever ton, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Breedon, Tonge, and JViifon, in the Manor of Breedon, and County of Leicejkr, and certain commonable and waste Grounds within the respective Liberties thereof:

An Act for inclosinganddividing the common Fields in the Manor of East Cotham, in the County of York; and extinguishing the Right of Warren of the Lord of the said Manor in Part of a Tract of Ground, called the Sea Baits, or Coney Warren, in East Cotham aforesaid: An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Meadows, common Pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Manor of Thiftlcton, in the County of Rutland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, commonGrounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Slapton, in the County of Northampton: ,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Oadby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open, common, and arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Burftall, in the Parish of Belgrave in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields and commonable Lands within the Manor and Parish of Coleby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inejofirtg the open and common Fields of Desford, in the County of Leicester, and the Lands and Grounds therein, and also such Lands, in the Lordship of Pecklelon, in the said County, as lie open to the said Fields:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several open and common Fields, common Meadovvs, common Pastures, and common Grounds, in the Manor or Lordship of Barton, otherwise Barton in Fabis, in the several Parishes of Barton and Clifton, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, Meadows, common Pastures, and waste Grounds, in the Parish or Township of Bolton upon Deame, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open, arable Fields, in the Manor of Bishop's Waltham, in the County of Southampton:

An Act to enable Arthur Hill Esquire, and Arthur his Son, and their Iffiie Male, to take the Name and Arms of Trevor:

An Act to enable Robert Dobyns Esquire, now called Robert Yale, and his First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Yate, in pursuance of the Will of Walter Yate Esquire, deceased: An Act for naturalizing John Christian Suhring and John Htmy Suhring.

Lortl And afterwards a Speech of the Lords Commissioners Keeper’s was delivered to both Houses, by the Lord Keeper of &Pecc . t^e Great Seal. which is as followeth;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The King has commanded us to put an End to this Session of Parliament; and at the same time to affine you, That as yourConduft during the Course of it has highly deserved his Royal Approbation, so his Majesty now returns you his hearty Thanks for it.

21

all Europe, to come to equitable and honourable Terms of Accommodation.

By your Assistance the combined Army in Germany has been completed, powerful Squadrons as well as great Numbers of Land Forces are employed in America, iu order to maintain the just Rights and Possessionsofhis Majesty and his People, and to annoy the Enemy in the moll sensible Manner in those Parts *, and, as France is now making confklerable Preparations in her Ports, his Majesty has taken Care to put his Fleet at Home in the best Condition, both of Strength and Situation, to guard against and repel any Attempts that may be meditated against his Kingdoms.

The King's Measures have all been directed to aifert the Honour of his Crown, to preserv the eflTeirtial Interests of his faithful Subjects, and to support the Cause of the Protestant Religion and public Liberty:

His Majesty therefore trusts, that the Uprightnefsofhis Intentions will draw down the Blessing of Heaven upon his Endeavours.

We have it also in Command from his Majesty to set you know. That he hopes the Provisions you have made? to prevent and correct the Exceflfes of the Privateers will be efifeftual to that desireable End. The King has had it much at Heart: For though his Majesty is sensible of the Utility of that Service, when under proper Regulations, he is determined to do his utmost to prevent any Injuries or Hardships being done to the Subjects of neutral Powers, as far as may be practicable, and confident with his Majesty s just Right to hinder the Trade of his Enemies from being collulively and fraudulently covered.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

We are commanded to affiire you, That when his Majesty considers the large Supplies which you have founanimously given, he feels himself under theftrongeft Obligations, not only to thank you for them, but also to applaud the Firmness and Vigour with which you have acted, as well as your Prudence in judging, that, notwithstanding the present Burthens, the making ample Provision for carrying on the War is the most probable Means to bring it to an honourable and happy Con-elusion. No Attention will be wanting on his Majesty s Part for the faithful Application of what you have granted.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

His Majesty has been graciously pleased to order us to add, That he has nothing more to desire of you, but that you would carry down the same good Dispositions, and propagate them in your several Counties, which you have shewn in your Proceedings during your fitting here.

After which the Lord Keeper said:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this pari:?.rnmi Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the 26th Day of prorogued. Jxdy next, to be then here held: And, by virtue of Ids Majesty’s Commission for holding this Parliament, and of that now rear], this Parliament is accordingly pro rogued to Thursday the 26th Day of July next.

Parliament

further

prorogued*

Parliament

further

prorogued.

3 3 Geo. II. 16° July. — -3 o° Augujli. — 40 OBobris- 7

yovis, 26° die yulii;

Anno 33° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1759.

THE House being met, according to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarmey Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lord§, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear th* Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went tip to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 30th Day of August next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 30th Day of August next.

yovis, 30 dieAugufti;

Anno 33* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1759.

THE House being met, according to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Cor, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House.. went irp to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until ThurJ'day the 4th Day-of October next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 4th Day of October next.

yovisy 4* die OBobris;

Anno 33* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

THE House being met, according to the last Pro- Parliament rogation; further

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Cox, prorogued; Deputy. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 13th Day of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 13 th Day of November next.

Vol. 28.

C 628 ]

Message to attend the CommilTrcncra.

Members take Oaths.

Outlawry

Bill.

Speech of

Commissionero

reported.

Lord

Keeper’s

Speech.

J O U R N A L S

OF THE

HOUSE COMMO NS.

1759 — 1760.

Martis, 130 die Novembris;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

AM K S S A G E was brought, by the honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Usher of the Black

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, delire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read:

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, that the House might hear the Commission read had been at the House of Peers: Where the Lor I Keeper of the Great Seal, fitting, with several othe Lords, on a Form between the Throne and the Wool-sacks, said to the Effect following:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

We are commanded by his Majesty to let you know. That as it is not convenient for his Majesty to be present here this Day in his Royal Person, he has been pleased, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, to authorize his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, and several Lords therein mentioned, to do every thing in the Name of his Majesty, which ought to be done on the Part of his Majesty, in this Parliament, as may more fully appear by the Letters Patent.

That then the said Letters Patent being read, which were to the Purport of what the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal had said, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, as One of the Commissioners, made a Speech to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

In pursuance of the Authority given to us, by his Majesty’s Commission under the Great Seal, amongst other Things, to declare the Cause of his holding this 15

Parliament; his Majesty has been graciously pleased to direct us to allure you, that he esteems himself particularly happy in being able to cal! you together in a Situation of Affairs so glorious and advantageous to his Crown and Kingdoms.

His Majesty fees and devoutly adores the Hand of Providence in the many signal Successes, both by Sea and Land, with which his Arms have been blessed in the Course of the last Summer; and at the same time his Majesty reflects, with much Satisfaction, on the Confidence which you placed in him, by making such ample Provisions, andentrufting him with inch exteniivePowers for carry ing on a War, which, the Defence of our valuable Rights and Possessions, and the Preservation of the Navigation and Commerce of his Majesty’s People, had made both just and necessary.

We have it also in Command from his Majesty to acquaint you. That the happy Progress of our Successes, from the taking of Goree, on the Coastof Africa, to the Conquest of so many important Places in America, with the Defeat of the French Army in Canada, and the Reduction of their Capital City of Quebec, effected with so much Honour to the Courage and Conduct of his Majesty’s Officers, both at Sea and Land, and with fa great Lustre to his intrepid Forces, together with the important Success obtained by his Majesty’s Fleet off Cape Lagos, and the effectual blocking up, for so many Months, the principal Part of the Navy of France in their own Ports, are Events which must have filled the Hearts of all his Majesty’s faithful Subjects, as well as his own, with the sincerest Joy; and, his Majesty trutts, will convince you, that there has been no Want of Vigilance or Vigour on his Part in exerting those Means which you, with so much Prudence and public spirited Zeal, put into his Majesty’s Hands:

That our Advantages have extended farther, and the Divine Blessing has favoured us in the East Indies; where the dangerous Designs of his Majesty’s Enemies have mifearried, and that valuable Branch of our Trade has received great Benefit and Protection:

That the memorable Victory gained over the French, near Minden, has long made a deep impression on the Minds of his Majesty’s People; and that, if the Crifis in which that Battle was fought, the fu peri or Numbers of the Enemy, and the great and able Conduct of his Majesty’s General Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick, are com-fidered, that Action must be the Subject of lasting Admiration and Thankfulncfs: N

That, if any thingcould fill the Breads of his Majesty’s good Subjects with (till farther Degrees of Exultation, it is the distinguished and unbroken Valour of his Majesty’s Troops, owned and applauded by those whom they overcame. The Glory they have gained is not merely their own; but, in a national View, is One of the moil important Circumstancesof our Success; as it must be a

striking

33 Geo. II. 130 Novembris. 9

foiking Admonition to our Enemies with whom they Africa, the Defeat of the FrcnchWeet in the East Indies* have to contend: and the Repulse of their Land Forces before Madrass,

That his Majesty’s good Brother and Ally the King of whereby the dangerous Defigps of our Enemies there attacked and surrounded by so many consider- have mi (carried, and Protection hath been given to our

able Powers, has, by his Magnanimity and Abilities, Trade and Settlements in those Countries; the valuable and the Bravery of his Troops, been able, in a surprising Conqueil of Guadalupe and Marie Gaiante in the Wefi Manner, to prevent the Mifclness concerted with such Indies, the Reduction of so many Forts and Piaces in united Force against him. North America completed and crowned by that glorious

His Majesty has farther commanded us to observe to and decisive Victory over the French Army in Canada, you, that as his Majesty entered into this War not from and the Surrender of their capital City of Quebec, effected Views of Ambition, so he does not with to continue it with so much Honour to the Courage and Conduct of his from Motives of Befentment, the Desire of his Majes- Majesty’s Officers by Sea and Land, and with so much ty’s Heart is, to fee a Stop put to the Effusion of Chris- Luttre to his intrepid Forces; the important Success of tian Blood; whenever such Terms of Peace can be efta- his Majesty’s Fleet in pursuing, taking, and destroy ing. a Mlhedas shall be just andhonourable lor his Majesty and considerable Part of the French Squadron off CapeTa^w, his Allies, and by niocuring such Advantages, as, from and the blocking up, for so many Months, the rest of she the Succelfes of Ins Majesty's Arms, may, in Reason and Navy of France in their own Ports, which hath greatly Equity, be expected shall bring along with them full Se- augmented the Distress of our Enemies, whillt it has curity for the future, his Majesty will rejoice to fee the protected and secured our Commerce and Navigation; Repose of Europe restored on such solid and durable nor can we ever forget that critical, signal, and memo-Foundations; and his faithful Subjects, to whose liberal rable, Defeat of the French Army near Minden, so justly Support and unlhaken Firmness his Majesty owes so the Subject of lading Admiration and Thankfulness, if much, happy in the Enjoyment of the B lettings of Peace we considerthefuperiorNumbers of the Enemy, the great and Tranquillity; but, 1,1 order to this great and desire- andableConduClofhisSerene HighnefsPrinceFm&fttfwc/ able Epdv'tiis Majesty is confident you will agree with of Brunswick, or the unconquerable Valour of his Ma-him, that it is necessary to m;-ke ample Provision for car- jesty’s Troops: That when we reflect upon this continned rying on the War in all Parts with the utmost Vigour. Train of Successes, Part of which would have been suffi-Gentletajen of the l ioufe cf Commons, cient to have signalized this long and active Campaign,

We are commanded by his Majesty to allure you, it is impossible for us not to express the highest Satis-that the great Sup plies, which were given the last Session, faction at the great Ability, Resolution, and perfect have been faithfully employed for the Purposesfor which Harmony, so conspicuous in his Majesty’s Admirals and they were granted; but t he uncommon Extent of this Generals throughout the Execution of his Commands, War, and the various Services necessary to be provided and at the ardent Courage which hath manifested itself for, in order to secure Success to his Majesty’s Measures, in the Behaviour of the Officers and Forces both by have unavoidably occasioned extraordinary ExpenceS; Sea and Land, with such personal and national Glory, an Account of which will be laid before you. that nothing but this Spirit could haveenabled them to i

His Majesty has also ordered the proper Estimates for surmount every Difficulty arising from the superiorNum-the Service of the ensuing Year to be prepared and laid ber and advantageous Situation of the Enemy; and we before you; and his Majesty desires you to grant him are fully persuaded, that the like Resolution, Ardour, such Supplies as shall be necessary to sustain and press and Zeal, excited and animated by those bell Incentives, with EfleCi all Our extensive Operations against the his Majesty’s gracious Acceptance and Royal Approba-Enemy, and at the same time, by the Blessing of God, tion of their eminent Services, followed by the warmed to repel and fruilrate their dat ing Designs against his and most universal Applause of their Country, will con- Majesty’s Kingdoms. tinue to give Terror to the Enemies, and Confidence to

My Lords and Gentlemen, the Allies, of Great Britain: That we view with the

His Majesty has, in the lafi place, been graciously highest Admiration the Magnanimity and unexampled pleated to command us to repeat to you the Aflu ranees Efforts of that great Prince, his Majesty’s Ally, the King of the high Satisfaction his Majesty takes in that Union of Prvjfia, whose consummate Genius, unwearied ACti-and good Harmony which is so conspicuous amongst his vity, and unshaken Constancy of Mind, seconded by the

faithful Subjects; happy in seeing it continued and con- Bravery of hisTroops, have been able in every Situation

firmed, and to observe to you, that Experience has to supply Resources sufficient to refill the united Forces

fltewn how much Vve all owe to it, and that nothing else of so mauy and such formidable Powers: That his Ma-

can effectually secure the true Happiness of his People, jesty’s faithful Commons feel with due Gratitudehis pa-Address RefoLved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- ternal Care and Concern for the Peace and Happiness of

to the dress be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty his People.and cannot too much admire that trueGreat-

King. the moll humble Thanks of this House for the Speech ness of Mind which disposes his Heart, in the Midll of

delivered by his Majesty’s Command to both Houses of Prosperities, to wrlh that a Stop may be put to the Ef-

Parliament; to congratulate his Majesty on the glorious fufionofChristiauBlood,andthatpubiicTranquillityniay and uninterrupted Series of Success and Victory which be restored: That we entirely rely on his Majesty’s known hath attended his Majesty *s Arms during the wholeCourse Wisdom and Firmness, that this defirableObjeet, when-of this distinguished and memorable Year; to acknow- ever it shall be attained, will be on such Terms as shall ledge, with the deepelt Reverence and moll devout Gra- be just and honourable for his Majesty and his Allies, and titude to Divine Providence, that manifest Bleffitigand shall bring along with them full Security for the future on . Protection which God hath vouchsafed to bellow upon solid and durable Foundations, by procuring such Ad van-his Majesty’s Counsels and Arms, and to offer up our tages as may in Reason and Equity be expected from most ardent Vows and Prayers for its Continuance: That the Successes of our Arms, and which will fix in the his faithful Commons will not attempt to enumerate all Minds of a grateful People the laltingRemembrance of the Advantages and Glories derived to his Majesty and this happy *^Era, and of the Benefits derived to them his Kingdoms from those various Successes which have underhis Majesty’sgloriousandaufpiciousGovernment; been extended into every Quarter of the World; but That, in order to effect this great End, we are thoroughly that we humbly beg Leave toaffure his Majesty, that our sensible ample Provision must be made for carrying on Hearts are filled with the moll grateful and lively Sense the War in all Parts with the utmost Vigour, and to af-of the happy Consequences, which, under God, are ow- sure his Majesty that we will cheerfully grant him such ing to the Wisdom, Vigilance, and Vigour, of his Ma- Supplies as shall be found necessary to sustain and press jessy’s Measures in the Prosecution of this just and necef- with Effect all our extensive Operations against the Ene-fary War; particularly the taking of the Island of Goree, my, and at the same time, by the Blessing of God, to re-, and the Extension of our Commerce on the Coast of pel andfrustrate their daring Designs agaiullthefe King-Vol. 28, 7 X domsi.

6$o 13° — 14°

donas; convinced, from the long Experience we have had of the Wisdom and Goodness of his Majesty, that they will be applied in such manner as will befl atifwer these great Purposes: To make our tnoft humble Acknowledgments to his Majesty for the high Satisfaction which he hath been pleased to express in that perfect Union and good Harmony which so happily subsists among his faithful Subjects, the salutary Efle&s of which have been most conspicuous; and the pleasing Experience we have had of them, joined to his Majesty’s paternal Recommendation, must be the most powerful Motives to enforce the Continuance of those Dispofj-tions, so efiential to the full Exertion of our utmod , Strength, as well, as to the Tranquillity, good Order,

and Happiness, of his Majesty’s People.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed accordingly of Lord Villiers, Mr. Spencer, Lord North, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Ward, Mr. Martin, Sir John Philipps, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Montagu,

I Mr. Delaval, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Fuller, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Forrefler, Lord Ligonier, Mr. Cholmley, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. WHies, Sir Francis Dashwood, SirWidiamPeere Williams, Sir Charles Mordaunt-, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Speech of the Lords Commissioners, appointed by his Majesty for holding this Parliament, to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

IpTwieh Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

nt* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Samuel Kent Esquire, deceased.

Oxford City Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wnt- the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Oxford, in the County of Oxford, in the room of Thomas Rozvney Esquire, deceased.

Montgomery Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Town Writ. ^he Qerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Montgomery, in the County of Montgomery, in the room of William Bodvill Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 140 die Novembris;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759. Prayers.

Oakhampton flRDERE D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Writ. v/ to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Thomas Potter Esquire, deceased.

Grand Com- Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do rniuees. fit every TueJ'day in the Afternoon, in the Iluufe.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Juflite do lit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Novembris. ,' 1759.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec- c^mrr*w tions be appointed: of IVivilrgtv

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon,

Lord Villiers, Mr. Fellozves,- Sir Francis Drake, Mr.

Archer, Mr. Coventru, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Fi/her, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Town/haul, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Colie ton. Sir John Crqffif, Mr. Cocks, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Wilhinfon, Lord North, Mr. Charles Frederick, Sir Wm. BeauchampPro6tor, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Olmius, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Le'gh,

Lord Par ker, Mr. GaJIny, Lord Harry Beauclerk, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Shirleij,.Mr. Belchier, Mr. Vyner,

Mr. Morgan, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. MecUycott, Sir Jame> Creed, Mr. Butler, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Baynfun,

Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Plummer, Doctor Simpson,

Mr. Poicel, General Onjloiv, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Crejwell,

.Mr. Henry Grenville, Mr. West, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Drax, Mr. Fane, Admiral Osborne, Mr. Iloneywood,

Lord Thomond, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Affleck, General Bofcawen,\lr. Fonereau,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Grenville, Mr.

Martin, Lord Regider of Scotland, Mr. Trifl, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Smith, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Finch, Mr.

Dodd, Mr. Frederick, Lord Middleton, Mr.. Fairfax,

Mr. Willey, Mr. Henry Fane, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Delaval, Mr. NicholsonCalvert, Mr. Churchill,

Mr. Herbert, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Pole, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Webb, Mr. Mabbot. Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Bidler. Sir Piercy Brett, Mr. Rigby, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Hamilton, Colonel Clayton, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Boone, Sir Wm. Co-drington, Mr. Thomas Morgan junior, Genera) Conway,

Mr. Hume, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Price, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Symonds, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Wm. Richard Chet-wynd, Mr. Howird, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Moore, Mr.

Lane, Mr. Henry Finch, Colonel Griffin, Mr. More, Sir John Turner, Mt. Kynaston, Lord Milton, Mr. Burrard,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Briflowe, Lord Egmont, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Bond, Sir Geo. Dalflon, Mr. Barroiv, Mr. Geo. Pitt, Mr. Northey, General Mostyn, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir John Philipps, Mr. James Grenville, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Mr. Holt, Mr. Cart-xvright, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Thomas Toumf-hend, Admiral Townsend, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Rqfe Fuller, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Geo Onslow. Mr. John Delaval, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Fox, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Murray, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Jenyns,

Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Freeman, Mr. O/wald, Mr. Harbor d, Admiral Bofcaiven, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Vyner junior,

Mr. Proivfe, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Harris, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Newnham, Lord PulteneyJMr. Aldioorlh,

Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Aijlabie, General Cornwallis, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Edward Finch, Mr. Balch, Mr.

Ward, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Boulton, Sir Wm. Peere Williams, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Geo. Colebrooke, Mr. Brand, Doctor Hay, Mr. Bull, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Budgen, Sir Geo. Sib vile, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Bullock, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Mr. P rife Campbell, Sir Charles KemysTynfe,

Mr. Forrefler, Mr. Dagal Campbell, Mr. Hanger, Sir Nicholas Baity, Mr* Hujfey, Lord Barrington, Mr. Harvey, Sir lid. Warwick Bampfylde, Mr Fletcher, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Lyfler, Colonel John Campbell, Mr. Keck,

Lord Digby, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Demis, Mr. Mar rice,

Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Myddelton, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Palmer, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Popham, Mr. Drake, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Pryce, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Guynnc, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Lee, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Shelley,

Sir William Irby, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Ongley,

17 Morgan,

3 Geo. II. 14 Novmb6^1

Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Thifiletlmayle, Sir Roger Mofiyn, Mr. Stanley, Sir Henry Monro, Mr. Mackworth, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Manners, Sir William Owen, Mr. Max-well. Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Wynn, Sir Lionel Pillring-ton, Mr. Whichcot, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Wig ley. Sir Geo. Yonge, Mr. Grey, Mr. Tuck field, Mr. Ditmmer, Mr Offiey, Mr. Pye, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pytls, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Pinney: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns, in the firti place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time; and all Persons, who will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and if any thing shall come in question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate; and ail Members, returned upon double Returns, are to withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient time, to be appointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard Hia.ll be before the House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lifts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objetted to, who voted for the Sitting Members, giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distin-guifiiing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Vol. 28.

Resolved, Thai it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall fee, or be informed of to he, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables and other Officers of Middlesex and Westminster do take care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon* during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall be kept free and open; and that no Obstru6tian be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Fbotmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Htgh Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting orlofing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House; and also on every Friday, Monday, and We chief day, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing

Notes

632 140 Novembns. A. 1759.

tJfual Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the Orderg.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post-mailer General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet directed to this House shall cotne to Mr. Speaker, he do open the ' fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to tJae House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof: And that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions ft>r private BiHs after the 26th Day of January next.

Distillatioi Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-

from Grain, night, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, *c* to take into Confederation so much of an A&, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue for a farther Time the Prohibition of the Exportation of Coru, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, B cuit, and Starch: and also to continue for a farther Time the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit for a limited Time the making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran; as relates to the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt,'or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour, or from Bran.

Importation Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

of Beet &c. continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue for a limited Time an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Thomas Coventry and Mr. Nugent do prepare, and \ bring in, the fame.

Militia Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Laws. enable his Majesty’s Lieutenants of the several Counties in England and Wales to proceed in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, notwithstanding any Adjournments: And that Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Crqffe, Major General Cornwallis, and Mr. Vyner junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

..VMref* to The Lord Vlitters reported from the Committee, ap« the King, pointed Yesterday todrawupanAddrefs,tobepresented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Stibjefts, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, return your Majesty our most humble Thanks for the Speech delivered by your Majesty’s Command to both Houses of Parliament

17

Permit us, Sir, with the sincerest Zeal and Duty, to congratulate your Majesty on the glorious and uninterrupted Series of Succels and Victory which hath attended your Majesty’s Arms during the whole Course of this distinguished and memorable Year.

With the deepest Reverence, and most devout Gratitude to Divine Providence, we acknowledge that manifest Blessing and Protection which God hath vouchsafed to bellow upon your Majesty’s Councils and Arms, and offer up our most ardent Vows and Prayers for its Continuance.

Your Majesty’s faithful Commons will not attempt to enumerate all the AdvantagesandGloriesderived toyotir Majesty and these Kingdoms from the various Successes which have been extended into every Quarter of he World; but we humbly beg Leave to allure your Majesty, that our Hearts are 'filled with the moil grateful and lively Sense of the happy Consequonces, which, under God, are owing to the Wifiiom, Vigilance, and Vigour, of your Majesty’s Measures in the Prosecutiuii of this just and necessary War; particularly,

The taking of thelfland of Goree, and the Extension of our Commerce on the Coast of Africa, the Defeat of Ttie French Fleet in the East Indies, and the Repulse of their Laiwi Forces before Madrass, whereby the dangerous De/ignsofour Enemies there have mrfearried, and Protection hath been given to our Trade and Settlements in those Countries; the valuableConquest of Gaadelnpe and Marie Galante in the West Indies: the Reduction of so many Forts and Places in North America, completer! and crowned by that glorious and decisive Victory over the French Army in Canada, and the Surrender of their capital City of Quebec, affected with so much Honour to the Courage and Conduct of your Majesty’s Officers by Sea and Land, and with so much Lustre to your intrepid Forces; the important Success of your Majesty's Fleet, in pursuing, taking, and destroy ing, a considerable Part of the French Squadron off Cape Lagos, and the blocking up, for so many Mouths, the rest of the Navy of France in their own Ports, which hath greatly augmented the Distress of our Enemies, whilst it has protected and secured our Commerce and Navigation.

Nor can we ever forget that critical, figual, and memorable, Defeat of the Frc?wh Army near Mindtn, so j u ftly the Subject of lading Ad m irat ion and Thankful ness, if we consider the superior Numbers of the Enemy, the great and able Condu6t of his Serene Highness Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick, or the unconquerable Valour of your Majesty’s Troops.

When we reflect upon this continued Train of Suc-ceffes, Part of which would have been sufficient to have signalized this long and a&iveCampaign, it is impossible for us not to express the highest Satisfactionat the great Ability Resolution, and perfect Harmony, so coufpicuous in your Majesty’s Admirals aodGenerals throughout the Execution of your Commands, and at the ardent Courage which hath man ifelled it self in the Behaviour of the Officers and Forces both by Sea and Land, with such personal and national Glory: Nothing but this Spirit could have enabled them to surmount every Difficulty arising from the superiorNumber and advantageous Situation of the Enemy; ami we are fully persuaded, that the like Resolution, Ardour, and Zeal, excited and animated by thofebeft Incentives, your Majesty’s gracious Acceptance and Royal Approbation of their eminent Services, followed by the warmest and most universel Applause of their Country, will continue to give Terror to the Enemies, and Confidence to the Allies, of Great Brit am.

We view with the higheftAdmiration the Magnanimity and unexampled Efforts of that great Prince, your Majesty’s Ally, the King of Prussia, whose consummate Genius, unwearied Activity, and unlhaken Constancy of Mind, seconded by the Bravery of his Troops, have been able, in every Situation, to supply Resources sufficient to refill the united Forces of so many and such formidable Powers.

Youtjp

3 Geo. II. 14* — 15* — 16° Novembris.

633

Your Majesty’s faithful Commons feel with due Gratitude your paternal Care and Concern for the Peace and Happiness of your People; and cannot too much admire that true Greatness of Mind, which disposes your Heart, in the Midst of Prosperities, to wish that a Stop may be put to the Effusion of Christian Blood, and that public Tranquillity may be restored.

We intirely rely on your Majesty's knownWifdom and Firmness, that this desirable Object, whenever it shall fee attained, will be on such Terms as shall be just and honourable for your Majesty and your Allies, and shall bring along with them full Security for the future on solid and durable Foundations, by procuring such Advantages as may in Reason and Equity be expected from the Successes of our Arms, and which will fix in the Minds^of a grateful People the lading Remembrance of this happy Era, and of the Benefits derived to them tinder your Majesty’s glorious and auspicious Government.

In order to effect this great End, we are thoroughly sensible that ample Provision tnuft be made for carrying on the War in all Parts with the utmost Vigour; and we assure your Majesty, that we will chearfully grant your Majesty such Supplies as shall be found necessary to sustain and press with Fifed all our extensive Operations against the Enemy, and at the same time, by the Blessing of God, to repel and frustrate their daring Defisrns against these Kingdoms; convinced from the long Experience we have had of the Wisdom and Good-Xiefs of your Majesty, that they will be applied in such manner as will best answer these great Purposes.

We can not sufficiently testify our grateful Seufe of the fcigh Satisfaction which your Majesty has been pleased to express in that perfect Union and good Harmony which so happily subsists amongst your faithful Subjects, the salutary vffeds of which have been most conspicuous; and the pleasing Kxperience we have had of them, joined to your Majesty’s paternal Recommendation, must be the rood powerful Motives to enforce the Continuance of fhofe Dispositions, so essential to the full Exert ion of our utmost Strength, as well as to the Tranquillity,.good Order, and Happiness'of your Majesty’s People.

The said Address being read a Second time;

Resolved0 Nemine eontra-dicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to his Majesty.

Refolded, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourablefcrivy Council,do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

when he would be pleased to be Attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended tbispy, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at hi? Pafeqe of St. James.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Htflmtere the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ilajlemere, in the County of Surrey, in the room of James More Moh/neux Esquire, deceased.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the The Speech Speech of the Lords Commissioners, appointed by h’t$ considered* Majesty for holding this Parliament, to both Houses of Parliament. - .* *.

And the same Was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself.into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Importation of Beef, Art*

The Speech to be considered.

Ordered, That the Speech of the Lords Commissioners, appointed by his Majesty for holding this Parliament, to both Houses of Parliament, be taken into Considerafcion Tomorrow Morning,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vtnerisy 160 die NoVembris;

Anno 33# Georgii IP1 Regis, 1759.

! Prayers.

MR.'Thomas Coventry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, An Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, au Ad, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland for a limited Time; and to amend the said Act: And the same w'as received 5 and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House Yesterday attended his Majesty with their Address t Tp which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious A»fw,er;

Gentlemen,

I return you my hearty Thanks for this most duttfui and affedkmate Address, and for your unanimous Zeal for the Defence of myCrown, and for the Support of my Allies: You may always rely on my constantCare for jthe lasting W dfare of my People.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Southampton fJhe Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for County Writ, the eleding of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Southampton, in ihe room of the Right honourable Si r Charles Poxdett Knight of the most honourable Order oft he Bath, commonly called Marquis of Winchester, now Duke of Bolton, called up to the House of Peers.

Ting’s Aafaer >* Address.

Jovis, 1 s° die Novembris;

Anno 330 Georgii Regis 1759.

Prayers.

Tjtnefr r\RD ERE D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-nt* rant to the Cleric of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament foT the Borough of Totness, in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir Richard Lloyd Knight, now One of the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster.

Address to The Earl of Thvmond reported to the House, That hk? to the King. Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, Vo*,. 28.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Account of Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Beef, <luantfties of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, imported *mPorte* from Ireland, since the 24 th Day of June 1758.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for victualling his Ditto. Majesty’s Navy do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, imported, or con traded for to be imported, from Ireland,

<for the Use of his Majesty’s Navy, hacp the 24th Pay of June 1758.

The Order off the Day being read, for the House to tipple resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

7 Y Ordered,

«34

i<S’ — i 9° — ao° Novembris.

A. 1759.

Ordered, That the Speech oF the Lords Commissioners, appointed by his Majesty f9r holding this Parliament, to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chariton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had cOme to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 19* die Novembris;

Anno 330 Georgii tldi Regis, 1759. Prayers.

/ORDERED, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the net Produce of the Duties arising from Brandies and Spirits imported, for Seven Years, to Michaelmas last; d iftingu idling each Year, and the Places from whence the same were imported.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, that hath been exported out of this Kingdom, since the 2fjlh Day of March last.

Account of Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

Malt Duty. House, an Account of the net Produce of the Duties upon Malt, for Seven Years, to Michaelmas last; distinguishing each Year.

Account of Duties on Brandies.

Account of Corn, Ac. exported.

Supply.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

O; dered, That an Account be laid before this House, ffiewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1759 have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House; ffiewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years ending at the 5th Day of April 1759, and the 10th Day of October 1759, as well of, or for, the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of, or for, the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of, or for, the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of Spirits exported, for Seven Years past; dist each Year.

A Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and to amend the said Act; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill* be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon To-tnorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Account of Spirits exported.

Importation of Bets, Stc.

Usual

Elbmates#

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motionmade upon Tlnnfday last. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicenle. That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That' a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1760, with the Half-pay Officers of the Navy, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1760, be laid before this House,

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1760, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who are to be on Half-pay, for the Year 1760, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate belaid before this House, of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Cktlfea Hospital, for the Year 1760.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, in the room of Sir Charles Hanbury Williams, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, deceased.

Leominster

Writ.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 20° die Novembris;

Anno 330 Georgii lldi Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That some of the Accounts

Commissioners of the Customs attended at the ^IndlJ Door ' prohibited

, , Goods &c.

1 hey were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods

brought into the jEafi India Warehouses at St. Helen's

in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1758; also what

have been exported from that time, and what remained

at Michaelmas 1759: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods

brought into the East India Warehouses at Leadenhall

and Rillitcr Lane, in the Port of London, lince Michaelmas

1758; also what have been exported from that time,

and what remained at Michaelmas 1759: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods

remaining in his Majesty s Warehouse in the Port of

London, at Michaelmas 1758, what have been since

21 brought

Answer to Addrffi for

Estimates,&c,

33 Geo. II.

brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1759: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East IndiaGoods, prohibited so be worn in tins Kingdom, in the reflective Ware-houses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1758, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1759: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at St. Helen's, Leadenhall, Billiter Lane, and Cuilom-house, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1758, in order to be dyed, glazed. Sic. what have been returned, and what remained out of the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 17591 And also, 1

N° 6. An Account of naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1758 to Michaelmas 1759: And also,

N° 7. An Account of naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1758 to Michaelmas 1759: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged, and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported, in the Year 1759.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said i\ccounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, That the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, jnight be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty;

6B5

and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur usual suant to their Address to his Majesty, Estimates.

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, including those in Germany, for the Year 1760: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Gibraltar, and Guadeloupe, for the Year 1760: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments on the Irish Establishment, fierving in North America, for the Year 1760*. And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for the Year 1760.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the embodied Militia of the Counties in South Britain, and of the fencible Men of Argyleshire, and Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain, for 122 Days, from the 25th December 1759, to the 25th April 1760, both inclusive: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of 38,750 Men of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttel, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Buckeburgg, from the 25th December 1759, to the 24th of December 1760, both inclusive, being 366 Days:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of 19,012 Men. the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cqffcl in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1760.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

200 Novembris.

"ViOL. 28.

ESTIMATE

6 $6 so0 Novembris. A. 1759.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guafcfe, Garrifon$, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, including

those in Germany, for the Year 1760.

Numbers, P9J of the Troops and Regiments for 366 Days. TOTAL.

£ s‘ £. d.

181 - - 17,6.53 8 —

- 181 - - i7»653 8 —

A *77 10,900 14 —

- 176 * 10,771 12 —

- L233 35,331 4 — 92,311 6 —

- 7°5 «. 31,744 8 —

- 576 - 25,311 2 —

- 516 - - 23,289 16 —

- 576 - 25,321 1

- 516 - 23,289 16 —

- 576 - - 05,321 a —

- 576 - - 25,321 2 —

- 516 - - 23,289 16 —

- 576 1. * 25,321 a

5«6 23,289 16 —

- 576 - 25,321 a

- 442 - - i9,94 >8 —

- 503 - - 21,356 2 —

- 120 - - 5,416 16

- 318. - 13,834 16 — -

7,608 0 0*7 Q 08 ID

337*37®

- ,2,909 - - 66,© 05 1 —

- i,8«S - - 42,632 18 —

- 1,868 at 42,687 16 —

- I,°34 - - 18,415 18 —

- 3,034 - - 18,415 iS —

- I>°34 - - 18,415 18 —

- 1>°34 - - 18,415 18 —

- I>°34 - - 18,415 38 — -

- ‘1>°34: 'm. 1 18,415 18 —

" 1,034 " - 18,415 18 —

- 1,034 18,415 18 —

- I,°34 - 18,415 18 —

- 1,034 > " 18,415 18 —

- ',034 " 18,415 18 —

- 1,°34 " 18,415 18 —

- 1,034 " 18,415 18 —

- 1,034 - " 18,415 18 —

- 1,034 18,415 18 —

- 1,034 18,415 18 —

- 1,034 - " 18,415 18 —

- i,034 " - 18,415 18 —

- 1,034 18,415 18 —

- 1,034 " 18,415 18 —

" I>°34 - ~ 18,415 18 —

- 1,034 18,415 18 —

- *,034 - - 18,415 18 —

1,034 " 18,415 18 —

1,034 18,415 18 —

- 1,034 " 18,415 18 —

- I,°34 - " 18,415 18 —

- I>°34 18,415 18 —

- I>°34 " 18,415 18 —

- 1,034 18,415 18 —

- 1.034 18,415 18 —

- i,o34 ~ - 18,415 18 —

- I>°34 " 18,415 18 —

- 1,61 X " " 28,276 11 —

1,030 " 17,79° —

II A A A AO 18,251 4 — 823,36817 —

44?44*3

" 755 - - 12,636 3 —

" 1,018 - - 14,781 16 6

" 1,01 8 14,781 16 6

" 1,219 - - 21,095 6 6

4 >010 1 03,295 4 0

- 37*393 19 4

* 30,000 — — 67,393 r9

- - - 57,234 - i,383»748 — 10

Horse

*First Troop of Life Guards Second Ditto -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second Ditto - -

.Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second Ditto -Third Ditto

Lieutenant General Conway's Dragoons Lieutenant General Campbell's DragoOns( Earl of Albemarle's -Sir Robert Rich's -Lieutenant General Choltnondeley's Sir John Cope's -Sir John Mordaunt's -

_ Earl of Ancram's -

I Major General Elliot's -Light,) Lieutenant Colonel Burgoyne's DrUgoOils^ Lord AbeVdour's -

CLieutenant Colonel Hale's

First Regiment of Foot Guards

Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards

Third Regiment of Foot Guards

Major General Harvard's Foot

Major General Hodgson's

Major General Barrington's -

Major General Whitmore's

Lieutenant General BoclancTs

Lieutenant General Napier's

Major General Jeffieryes' s

Lord George Beauclerk's

Major General Kingsley's

Earl of Panmure's -

Lieutenant General Hujke's -

Major General Cornwallis's -

Earl of Home's -

Earl of Loudoun's , -

Lieutenant General Holmes's

Ma jor General Leighton's

Lord Charles Hay's -

Earl of Effingham's -

Lord Robert Manners's

Lieutenant General Stuart's -

Major General Griffin's

Major General Brudenell's Regiment

Lord Charles Manners's

Colonel Gray's -

Lieutenant Colonel Townshend's

Colonel La Fauffille's -

Lord Frederick Cavendish's -

Colonel Lambton's -

Colonel Colvill's -

Colonel Parjlozc's -

Colonel PelitoCs -

Duke of Richmond's -

Colonel BofcazveJi's -

Colonel Craufurd's -

Major Keith's Corps of Highlanders

Commandant Morris's Battalion

Foot

Invalids -

f Major General Par/ons's Regiment j Lord Lindore's -i Colonel Parker's -('3 independent Companies -

Oarrifons, with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account

Total -

War Office, 19th November 1759.

Barnng/on.

33 Geo. II*

26° Novemb

Hi

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in he Plantations, Gibraltar, and Guadeloupe, for the Year 17G0. __ __________

2d Battalion of the Royal Regiment of Foot

Major General Amherjts....

Colonel Monckton's -

Lord Blakeney's -

Lieutenant General Otway's - -

Major General Refs's -

Lord John Murrays -

Lieutenant General Kennedy's -

Lieutenant General Murray's -

Major General Waljh's

Colonel Oughlon's - -

Royal American Regiment -

Colonel Tatbot's - -

Lieutenant Colonel Montgomery's Highland Battalion Lieutenant Colonel Frafer's Highland Battalion Lieutenant Colonel Draper's Battalion -Colonel Gage’s Light Infantry -Lieutenant Colonel CWe’s Battalion -Lieutenant Colonel IForge's Battalion -4 Companies at ATew York - -

1 Company at Bermudas 1 Company at the Island of Providence -3 Companies at Carolina

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Halifax, Placentia, and «ft. John's -

Officers serving with the Forces in North America -Officers of the Hospital for the Forces in North America Contingencies upon Account -

At CAPE BRE TON Colonel Whitmore's Regiment Colonel Townshend's -

Late Major General Barrington s -Lieutenant General Warburion's -

Officers of the Garrison, £fc.

At GUADELOUPE. Major General Duroures Regiment Major General -

Major General Armigers

Officers of the Garrison, tfc.

AtGIBRALTAR. Lieutenant General Guise's Regiment Lord Robert Bertie's -Lieutenant General Pulteneys Colonel Toovey's - -

Major General Grey's -Sir David Cunynghame's -

Officers of the Garrison, #*c.

Provisions for a Regiment at Afoua and ZV<?o?-

foundland, deducing 4^. per Diem out of the Subsistence of each Non-commission Officer and private Man, towards that Expence.

Remains to be borne by the Government Provisions for Two other Regiments at Nova Scotia Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar Provisions for the Regiments at Cape Breton -Provisions for the Regiments at Guadeloupe Provisions for the Garrisons at Senegal and Goree Provisions for the Independent Company at Providence

Total

War Office, 19th November 1759. Vox. 28.

Number.

LM5 i/Gl 815 815

LM5 815 2,2C) I 8.5 815 *,*53

815

4,581

1,148

1.601

1.601 i»035

567

*>°35

1.034

445

58

150

345

1,145

8l5

H45

1,14.5

L°34

L°34

L034

815 815 815 8i5

815

8i5

s.^58

4,250

3,102

4,890

Pay of the Regiment?, &c. for 366 Days.

rqxjqi 18,415 LW7 r5> ’ 77 20,-48

i.:»277

40,028

r5>277

!5>277

20,926

15>-,7 7 81,252

.20,349 27,319 27,819

18.315

9,97°

18.315 18,287

7>161 1,070

2,473

5,883

*5 -18 -

9 "

9 -«9 — 9 —

4 ~ 9 — 9 —

I-----

9 —

12 —

t —

1 —

5

9 — 5 ~ 16 — 8 — 11 — 11 —

9 f

TOT A L.

20.248 19

17 7 9

20.248 19

20.248 19

18.415 18

18.415 -18

18.415 28

15,277

15,442

*5,277

15,-77 *5,277 *5,277

449,993 *9 —

15 9l

2,896 11,025 *5 —

4,895 5 —

2,000 -

76,024 6

1,634 16

55.247 *4 4,794

37,5°°

?,843

7,686

36,000

33,458

24,447

35,7*7

456

2 I L

5 *0

6 8 *3 *f

6 I l£

5

91,829 8 —

4,217 7 84

141,609 — 6

846,168 19 —

Barrington,

618 20* Novembris. A. i7 59.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Regiments on the Irish Establishment, serving in Norik America*

for the Year 1760.

£ * d. Numbers. £ d.

Th# British Establishment for Lieutenant General Lascelles's Regiment of Foot, from the 25th December 1759, to the 24th Day of December 1760 - - - -Paid by Ireland for the said Regiment, for same time Difference ----- 20,248 10 — s»7*7 5 — JM45 ti,53i H

Lieutenant General Abercrombie's, the same - - w i>i 45 11,531 H —

Major General Webb's, the same -The British Establishment for Major General Anjlruthers Regiment of Foot, for the same time - - -Paid by Ireland for the said Regiment, for the same time -Difference i,i45 11,53* *4 —

i5>277 9 — 14,128 2 8 - 815 1,149 6 4

4,250 35,744 8 4

War Office, '

19 th November 1759.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for the Year 1760.

General and Staff Officers Officers of the Hospitals - - £ *. 47,012 II 7>442 " d. 9

Total - - - 54,45411 9

War Office,

19th November 1759*

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain under-mentioned, and of the Fencible Men of Argyleshire and Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain, for 122 Days, from the 25th Day of December 1759, to the 25th April 1760, both inclusive.

Battalions.

Numbers.

For 122 Days.

Wiltshire

Dorsetshire -

Devonshire -

West Kent - -

Norfolk -Yorkshire North Riding Somersetshire -

Surry -

Warwiclc/hire Berkshire Gloucestershire -Yorkshire West Riding Hertfordshire Suffolk -

Huntingdon/hire Lincolnshire

Fffex - -

Cheshire -

Fencible Men of Argyleshire Lord Sutherland's Battalion

Total

War Office, 19th November 1759.

Barrington*

1 896 £ a 4,276 2 —

1 7fi5 3,857 4 8

4 1,844 10,272 8 —

1 704 3,573'ii 8

2 1,134 6,620 10 8

2 856 5>!38 4 8

2 958 4,969 9 4

1 894 4>19° 14 —

1 723 3,631 iQ 8

1 666 3,345. 17 "

1 ‘ 57i 2,842 12

3 . i>429 669 8^,285 16 8

1 3,458 14 —

2 6,766 1-3 8

1 37° 2,201 I 8

2 1,366 7,019 I 4

2 i, J39 6,62.0 io 8.

1 667 3,34i 15 8

1 1,024 5,839 *4 8

1 L023 5,754 6 8

- 18,863 102,006 4 8

ESTIMATE

3 3 Geo. II.

io° Nctembrh.

639

ESTIM AT E of the Charge of 38,750 Men, of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuitel, Sa.re Gotha, and Count of Buckeburgg, from the 2 jtliof December 1759, to the 24th of December i 760, both inclusive, being 366 Days.

Numbers.

*9l 185 2.872 2,800 6,108

1,824 18,496 - m

20,3 20 !>329

2,066

- - - 29,823 6,002 842 i^43

38,000

1 d.

4.215 7f

2,512 2 7*

41,441 4 9

37,178 t8 2

13,608 9 4

141,420 4 8

H A NO V BRIANS. General and Staff Officers

CAVALRY.

One Troop of Horse Guards -One Troop of Ilorfe Grenadiers Eight Regiments of Horse Four Regiments of Dragoons -

INFANTRY.

Two Battalions of Foot Guards Twenty-one Battalions of Foot

Artillery

and Hunters -

Pay of the Officers and others belonging to the Pontoons Pay of the Officers and others belongingtotheHospitals

Total of the Troops of Hanover Troops of Wolfenbuttel /-

Troops of Saxe Gotha -

Troops of Buckeburgg....

Total for -An Allowance to Prince Ferdinand -Extraordinary Allowance of £ a Pound of Meat, a Day to each Soldier, for 12 Months -

Charge of the Augmentation to the Hanoverian Light Troops, the Allowance of Meat Money included: To the Troops of Hussars -To the Company of Hunters -A Corps of Arquebusiers -

Total

War Office, 191I1 November 1759.

234

108

408

38,750

£- d-9>75* 12 3

85>347 *9 2

1551°28 13 io£

19,484 10 9*

23,998 6 3

1,244 9 3

9.553 2 — t

- 304,408 13 7 5°. *55 3 6,737 6 9 11,196 9 3*

- 372,497 13 4i

12,703 3 10

53,037 18 a§

3,018 5 —

- 1,416 6 8

- 5»209 3 4

- 447,882 10 5I

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 19,012 Men, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejje CaJJel, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1760.

Numbers. £. s. d.

366 Days German Pay for 2,120 Cavalry, with General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, from 25th of December 1759, to the 24th of December 1760 ----- 2,120 66,953 4 —

366 Days German Pay for 9,900 Infantry, with the Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, from 25th December 1759, to the 24th of December 1760 - -- - 9,90° 121,31716 2

Ordinary Subsidy, at the Rate of 225,000 Crowns a Year, from 25th December 1759, to 24th December 1760 - - -366 Days German Pay for an additional Corps of 920 Horse, and 6,072 Foot, with General and Staff Officers, Officers of the Hospitals, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, from the ill of January 1760, to the 31st December following - - - 54,140 12 6

6.992 97,850 4 10

Extraordinary Allowance of Haifa Pound of Meat a Day to each Soldier, for Twelve Months - - - - ? - 2 6,463 4 —

Total - - - 19,012 366,725 x 6

War Office, 19th November 1759.

Barrington

Yol. 28- Ordered\

1

640 20° — 21a Novembris. A. 1759.-

Ordered, That the said Estimates do Jie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Foundling Ordered, That there be laid before this Hotrfe, an Ac-

Hoi'pitai. count of what Number of Children have been received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young. Children, from the 31st Day of December 1758, to the 29th Day of September 1759, inclusive; and also, an Account of the Number of Children who were living on the said 29th Day of September;~and atfo, an Account of what Number of Children have died in each County, between the said 31st Day of December, and the said 29th Day of September; and likewise, an Account of what Nun*-fcer of Children have been placed out to Apprentice-flrips, or returned to their Parents, or others, to the said 29th Day of September; and also, ^an Account of all Monies received and paid by the said Hospital, between the said 31st Day of December, and the said 29th Day of September, with the Balance then remaining.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 2i° die Novembris;

Anno 33* Georgii IF* Regis, 1759,

Pbayer s.

Acccountof A^MIRAL^o/c’flrww, from the Commissioners Beef, &c. Jt\ for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of imported. Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, imported, or con traded for to be imported, from Ireland, for the Use of his Majesty’s Navy, since the 24th June 1758.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Importation Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Brattle do, upon Tuesday of Beef, &c. Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and to amend the said Act; is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilcfman do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Grafton do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Distillation A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of Spital Fields, in the Parish of C/irift Church, in the County of M’ddlcfex, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the several Atts passed for prohibiting the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran; and representing to the House the great Advantages which the Petitioners allege have ariien to the Manufacturers residing within that Parish, and to the several Branchesof their respective Trades, from the said Prohibition, and the great Utility which a further Prohibition will be of: And therefore praying the House, to continue the Prohibition of making low Wines and Spirits as described in the above-recited Acts, under such Regulations relating thereto as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to lake into Considerat ion so much of *9

anACt, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread,

Biscuit, and Starch; and also to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the making of low Whines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran; as relates to the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour, or from Bran,

A Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and Removing others, Inhabitants of East Greenwich, and Places adja- Gunpow.ier cent, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the w;ch l0 pUr-Inliabitants, was presented to the House, and read: set- fleer, ting forth, That in the Parish of East Greenwich, and within a Quarter of a Mile, or thereabouts, of the Town, in which there is a Royal Palace, and Royal Hospital for Seamen, there is a Storehouse or Magazine, wherein is frequently kept very great Quantities of Gunpowder, to the Amount, as the Petitioners are informer!, of Six thou fund Barrels or more; and that, betides the great Danger which muff attend all Places of that Kind, the said Magazine Hands in an open Field, not inclosed by any Fortification or Defence whatsoever, whereby it is exposed to Treachery, and every other Accident; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, if, through Treachery, or by Lightning, or any other Accident, the said Magazine should take Fire, among many great Mischiefs which would follow, not only the Lives.and Properties of the Petitioners, but the said Palace and Hospital, the King’s Yards and Stores at Deptford and Woolwich, and the Banks and Navigation of the River Thames, and the Ships failing and at Anchor therein, would be inevitably destroyed, and inconceivable Damage accrue to the Cities of London and Westminster; and further alleging, that the said Magazine is now in a dangerous Condition, being propped on all Sides: That the Props are, as the Petitioners are credibly informed, decaying at the Foundation; and that, in case it should fall, the Powder must most certainly take Fire, and all the before-mentioned Calamities inevitably happen: And therefore praying the House to take the Premiles into Consideration; and that the said Magazine may be taken down, and removed to some more convenient Place, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Creed, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Charles Frederick, Lord Ligonier, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gore, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Earle, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir Wm. Peere Williams, Mr. Orefwell, Lord Barrington, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Ba-am, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Elliott,

Mr Nugent, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Kynq/hn,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Probyn, Mr. O/lvald, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Crafter, Mr. Thornton, Mr. West, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Plhmpfre, Mr.

Daivnay, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Watson, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Gq/Jiry, Mr. Sargent,

Lord North, Mr. Fane, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Geo. Pitt, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Colehrooke, Mr. Brndenell, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fisher, Lord Geo. Manners, Mr. Shelley, M \

Oltnius, Mr. Mcdlycott, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Su-vtonds. Sir Matthew Lambc, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Ward,

Mr. Matthews, Mr. Butler; and all the Members who-serve for the Counties of Kent, Ffl'ex, Surrey, and

Middlesex

Ordnance

Ultimate.

33 Geo. II. 2i° Nov64.1

Middlesex5 and for the City of* London t And they are Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the the Year 1760 — Land Service.

Speaker’s Chamber 5 and have Power lo fend for Per* And the TItle of the said Estimate was-read. fons, Papers, and Records. The said Estimate is as followeth j Viz.

Mr. Earle presented to the HoUfe, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1760.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, compiling Repairs of Store* houses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges

Pay of a Superintendent, and of Persons necessary to carry on the Powder Works at his Majesty’s Mills near Feversham, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 20 November ijzg - - 998 5 —

Pay of a Master Gunner and Gunner to each oft he Nine Batteries erecting ontheCoaft of Suffer and Kent, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 17 October 1759 - - 492 15 —

s.

d.

34*7^5 *2

1,491-----

f Gibraltar and North Britain -Pay of Civil Officers) St. John's, Ferry land, Carboniere, Trinity Harbour, and Artificers at j and Placentia, in Newfoundland -

LAnnapolis Royal -

Pay of the Corps* of Engineers established by his Majesty’s Order in Council, 3 March 1759 Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 3,179 Men, Officers included, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 26 Oduber 1759 Establishment of the Academy at Woolwich, for the instruction of the A rtillery People -

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich -

Pay of Lieutenant Colonel Robert Clerk -

Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, and on several Expedit ions, with the Half-pay of Officers reduced -

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Towards carrying on C Gibraltar -

the Fortifications, Annapolis Royal -building and repair- / Placentia -

ing Storehouses, and supplying Stores, at

St. John's, Ferryland, Carboniere, and Trinity Harbour, in Newfoundland Towards erecting a new Fort at Arderfeer Point near Inverness -Towards carrying on the Fortifications and repairing Barracks in Scotland Towards building and repair CSheerness and Gillingham ing Fortifications at - \Portsmouth and Gosport Towards completing the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel -Towards erecting Barracks, Batteries, and supplying Stores, at North Shields and Clifford's Fort, for the better security and Defence of the River Tyne - -

Towards erecting Nine Batteries to oppose an Enemy’g Landing at the moil exposed Places on the Coast of Sussex and Kent, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 17 October 1759 -

Towards erecting Barracks and Batteries for Defence of the Town and Harbour of Liverpool, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order in Council, 9 November 1759 ——

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at New York -Pay of Officers and Artificers attending the Four Companies of Artillery

in Eqfl Lidia -.....-

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Commissaries, Conductors, and Artificers, with the Trains of Artillery, attending his Majesty’s Forces at Louis-bourg, and the several Places in North America -Pay of Officers. and Artificers, at Senegal, on the Coast of Africa Twelve Months Pay of Officers, Artificers, and Attendants, also towards the Hire of Horses, Drivers, and Conductors, for the Train of Artillery iu Germany, from 1 January to 31 December 1760 Two hundred Tons of Salt-petre -

£ s. di

36,256 12 6 1,049 18 —

1*102 II 6 613 1 —

8,093 17 6 88,773 6 —

1,000-----

5"

366 —

4,04418 —

10.000

2.000 800

2.000

10.000 1,500 i>500

3.000 2,500 -

3,000 — 5,9°°

2,900 — 512 3 -

1,823 18 —

7

860 2

20,000 — 10,600 —

£. t. d.

*42,167 9 6

88,128 15 — 330,296 4 6

Wa. 2*.

SA

642

210 Nbvein

c-EXCEED IN GS.

For sundry Services performed pursuant to his Majesty’s Orders, for which ho Allowance has been made in Estimate 1759.

Charge of the Augiitention to the Corps of Engineers, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order in Council, 3 March 1759 -Pay of Artillery Officers and Engineers superannuated, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 10 January, and Order in Council, 3 March 1759 The Augmentation to the Pay of the Colonels Commandant to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, from 1 April to 31 December' 1759, pursuant to

Raising and arming Two Companies of Artillery, with their Pay, and of Two Majors added to the Regiment, from 1 January to 31 December *17$9> puffoant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 10 January 1759 Raising and arming One Company of Artillery, with their Pay, from 1 August to 31 December 1759, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant 20 August 1759 - -

Raising and arming One Company of Artillery, and dividing Hie Regiment into Three Battalions of Ten Companies each, with the Pay of the Company and additional Officers, from 1 November to 31 December 1759, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 26 October 1759 To Benjamin Pryce, for the Purchase of his Powder Mills at Feversham in Kent, for Service of the Ordnance, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 1 \ May 1759 ——

Pay of the Superintendent, and Persons employed in carrying on the Powder Works at the said Mills, from 21 May to 31 December 1759, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 20 November 1759 - - - Arms, Accoutrements, Ammunition, and Colours, delivered for Use of the Militia of the Counties of Dorset, Norfolk, West Kent-, Wilts, Devon, Hertford, Warwick, Somerset, Surrey, Suffolk, Lincoln, Berks, Gloucester, Carmarthen, York, Eff&x^, Pembroke, Chester, Huntingdon, Cambridge, Southampton, and Buckingham,"pursuant to his Majesty’s Orders,

7 18 September, 3 and 11 October, and 13 December, 1758, 24

January, 13 and 23 February, 27 March, and 9 April, 3, 8, 21, and 31 Afay, 12, 16, 20, and 29 Jwzze, 20 and 27 3k/y, 13 and 14 Augaft,

10 and 13 September-, 1759' -

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the Yorkshire, IFiVif-// Norfolk, Devonshire* Soinerfetshire, Dorsetshire, Warwickshire, Surrey, Berkshire, West Kent, and Suffolk, Battalions of Milkia, called out for Service, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 9 -fa/y 1750 Tents delivered for Use of the Militia of the Countiesof Wilts and Gloucef ter, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 29 and 24 xtuguft 1759 Arms delivered to the Second TrOop of Horse Guards, Two new-raised v R&giftient's Cf Dragoons, One Battalion of Guards, One Battalion ordered to East India, One Regiment of Foot, the additional Men to the Regiments formed out of his Majesty’s Dock Yards, One new-raised Regiment, One Battalion of fencible Men, One Battalion-and Corps of Highlanders, an independent Company of Invalids, and the Draughts ordered to reoruit the Regiments in Germany, Mo Arms for the Augmentations to the Regiment of Horse Guards, Eleven of; Dragoons, Seven offoot, and to several Regiments in lieu of thofeloft in actual Service, purffiant to Warrants, 3 and 21 November 1758, 5, 12, and 24 January, 20-and 23 February, 16 and 23 March, 4 May,

11 and 29 June, 2, 17, 24, and 27 July, 10, -13,25, and 27 August,

3 and 13 September, 12 and 15 October, ij$g -

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to' the Regiments of Foot and Light Troops of Dragoons in Great Britain, also to the Draughts ordered to recruit the Regiments in Germany, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 4 July and 25 August 1759 -

Tents delivered to Two new raised Regimeats of Light Dragoons, Twenty-three Regiments of Foot, for the Augmentation to Nine Regiments of Dragoons and Sixteen of Footy pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 15 November 1758, 5 January, 20 February, 21, 28, and 30 March, 2 April, 2 and 16 July, 13 September, 8,12, and 15 October, 1750 Arms and Ammunition delivered for Defence of the City of Aberdeen and -Town of Montrose, pursuant to his Majesty’s Orders 26 July and 15

August 1-759,.....-

Charge of Officers at the Settlement of Halifax in Nova Scotia, and Bills of Exchange paid for carrying on the current Service there, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 10 December 1757 Charge of CarriagesPowder, Shot, Shells, Carcasses,

Intrenching Tools, and other Stores, sent to Lonif* bourg, for Service of the Expedition against Quebec, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order, 24 December 175^8, £. s.

and Warrant, 16 November 17.59 ~ - 31,110 7

Also shall Arms, Ammunition, and Tents, for the Troops 25,798 4 — Hive of Tr^nfports-employed Hi«carrying the Stores and - Men - 12,047 12

d.

4

6

xl. 1759*

t- s. d.

5i3 15 3

868 iy ____ .

522 10 —

6,789 z 4

M31 13 6

1,401 2 6

5.682 t 7

615 11 1

42,840 19 6

.556 6 2 300-----

*r*

32,144 8 11

5,844 1. —

5>54a 8 —

1,176 1 6 i 442 17 6

68,956 1 4

Ordnance

— T

Monument to the Memory of General Wolfe.

3 3 Gfo. II.

11° Novembris.1

Ordnance and Stores font, for Security atld Defence of the Province of South Carolina, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order in Council, 7 April

1759 ——

Oidnance, Stores, and Bedding, sent for Security and Defence of the . Ward of '^erjhj, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order in Council, 28 July,

1758, ann Warrant, 20 November 1759 -

Towards erecting additional Works in the Island of Jersey, pursuant to

his Majesty’s Order in Council, 28 July 1758 - -

Brass Ordnance, Howitzers, Shot, Shells, Powder, Tents, and other Stores, sent to F.mbden for Use of his Majesty’s Army in Germany, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order, 27 February, and Warrants, 7 June and 16 Not ember 1759 -

Hire of Horses and Drivers for the Train of Artillery attending his Majesty’s Forces in Scotland, from 1 January to 31 December 1759, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 10 June 47.55 - -

Bedding delivered for furnishing the Barracks and Hospitals atJamaica, for Use of Colonels Waljh's and Talbot's Regiments, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 14 March 1759 -

To reimburse the Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn by the Paymasters to the Trains of Artillery in Norths America, on Account of Contingencies Timber and other Materials sent to Annamaboe, also Money advanced to purchase Lime and Stone on the Spot, towards building the Fort there, with the Pay of an Engineer and Artificers, to the 3 ift December

1759, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order, 24 May, in consequence of an

Addreisof the honourable'House of Commons, 16 May 1757 "

Towards completing the Lines, and erecting convenient Receptions to lodge Troops for Security and Defence oFPortJmonth, Plymouth, and Chatham, Docks, as also for Intrenchments at.Gosport, fin idling the additional Works at Ztoer Castle, pursuant tahis Majesty’s Orders, 12 April and 3*1 July 1756, 24 June 1757, and 10 February 1758:

Portsea Lake Plymouth -Chatham - -

Intrenchments at Gofpert Dover Castle

£ 973 4 3

2,572 IO 10 9,927 2 II

1,36° 14 4

450 —

Pay of Officers, Artificers, and Attendants on the Field Train of Artillery fitted out for immediate Service, from 5 July to 31 December 1759, pur-r fnant to -his MajestyVOrder, 2-6 June *1 759 - - 1,488 —

Hire of Horses an 1 Drivere for the said Train, fi»om 28

June to December 1759 - - ~ 9,940 — 1~ 4

Also Forage to Officers, the Charge of Waggons, Horse Harness, and spare Ammunition made up into Cartridges for the Battalions of Foot in England 6,462 12 6

Hire, of Horses and Drivers for the Trains of Artillery attending the Battalions of Foot-in England, from 1 January to 31 December 1759 pursuant to his MajestyVQrder, 1 June 1759 55155 lo 5

Also Forage to the Officers, Stores,-and Incidents 225 -

Iron Ordnance, Brass Mortars, Powder, Shot, Shells, small Arms, Bedding, Sand Bags, and other SfcOFes, sent for Security- and - Defence Of *~Fort George at Arderfterne&rTnvemefs, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, go November 1759 -

4,026 19

d.,

.10

11

5>53*> i 1 >434 18

19,181 19 706 2 L472 15 8,045 —

3^18 13 9

X '5> 2&3 9

17^90 12 ro

~ 5>3So 10 5 21,3 58 11

11

Savings arifmgfrom Vacancies of the Posts of Master General, Secretaries

- and Clerk to the Master General, from r January to 30 June 1759, amounting.to the-Sum *of^. 962 7 6, and which remained unitfued

- 4o this Office, of the Sum granted for Service of the Year 1759.

:; Fharbes Frederick, W. B. Forte, A. Wilkinson, Chat Cocks.

4

280,563 16 n

510*860

Ordered, That the said Estimate dolie uporY the Table, to- be-perused by the Members of the Hoiffe.

~ JTefoli:cdfT4emine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to h.is Majesty, most humbly to desire his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Monument be erected in the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, to the Memory of the ever-lamented, late. Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Land Forces on an Expedition againstSfldw, Major General James Wolfe, who, surmounting by Ability and Valour, all Obftacies of Art and Nature, was (lain in the Moment of Vi£lory^.at the Head of his' Vol. 28. / -: ' . *: -

conquering Troops, in the arduous and decisive Battle against the French Army near Quebec, fighting for their Capital of Canada, in the Year 1.759; and to allure his Majesty, this House will make good the Expence of erecting the said Monument.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Thanks of Taking of this House be given to the Admirals and Generals em- Vo^f ployed in the glorious and successfn! Expedition against Thanks°to Quebec: And that Mr. Speaker do communicate the Admirals and same ta the said Admirals and Generals. . Generals.

'..... ‘ The

C.

Supply.

Answer to Acklrefs.

644 2l# — 2 2*

*The Ordei* of the day being re&d;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Commiitee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 2° die Novembris;

Anno 33* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759. Prayers.

THE Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, that his Majesty would be graciously plea fed to give Direst ions, that a Monument beere&ed in the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, to the Memory of the ever-lamented, late Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Land Forces on

Nxfoemhris. 1759.

an Expedition against Quebec, Major General Jamei IFolfe, who, surmounting by Ability and Valour, all Obstacles of Art and Nature, was (lain in the Moment of Victory, at the Head of his conquering Troops, in the arduous and decisive'Battle against the French Army near Quebec, fighting for their Capital of Canada in the Year 1759; and to assure his Majesty, this House will make good the Expence of erecting the said Monument; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions as delired by the said Address.

Ordered, That the Reverend Dr. Dayrell be desired to preach before this House at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon Thursday the 29th Day of this instant November, being the Day appointed by his Majesty's Royal Proclamation for a public Thanksgiving: And that Mr. Grenville and the Earl Verney do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough o £ Lejkeard, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Edmund Nugent Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath been made a Captain of Foot in his Majesty’s Army.

DoCtor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

The ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1760. ..

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is preferred amongst lh'a other

Papers of this Session: And the Abstract thereof is as folio wet b; viz.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1760.

N° 1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &o. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating the reto

£. s d.

2. Superannuated Sea Officers - - - - -17,100 32

3. Pensions, and other Allowances - - . - - - 4,796 7 11

4. Chatham - -- -- - 3,448 o 6

5. Deptford - - - 3,142 n 4

6. Ward* Woolwich - 2,5 ‘20 8 8

7. Portsmouth - - - - 4,298 14 6

8. Sheerness - -1,8134 6

9 J [ Plymouth - -.....3,359 9 6

, > io. Muster-master* and other Officers of the Out Ports -

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary - -

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving the rein

: *13. Charge of the Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Rigging -

14. Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs;

----- Buildings, &c. ——

15. Half-pay to Sea Officers ——

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1760 -

To which may be added.

For carrying on the Building of the Hospital at Hafter -

For carrying on the Building of the Hospital at Plymouth -

For purchasing Ground, erecting Jetty Heads for careening Wharfs, Capstan-houses, Store-houses, and other Accommodations necefiaryfor refitting his Majesty’s Fleet at Halifax 'And for defraying the Expences of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, an additional Number of disabled Seamen, taken and to be taken into it, who are worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, there being now Fifteen hundred and Fifty Men maintained in the said Hospital; and also for a sufficient Number of Nurses, being Widows of Officers and poor Seamen, and for carrying on the Building and other Incidents of the said Hospital, for the Year 1760, Ten thousand Pound*

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1760, amounts to Two hundred Seventy thousand Six £.

hundredTwenty-nine Pounds Five Shilling and One Penny.

£- d.

36>553 4 1.

21,896 11 x.

18,582

5>37°

24,462

">’75

20,242

67>347

20,000 --- -v

232,629 5 1

10.000 — — r

10.000 -

8,000 — —

10,000 -

270,629 5 1

fi. Cokbume, Tho. Slade, W. Balcly, Dan. Devert, Ricfi* Hall, JR. OJbom, G. Adams,

Timy Brett. Ordered,

Dr. DjiyreU to preach oa 29;h Nov.

Lcfkrard

Writ.

Nary

Estimatet

33 Geo. IL Novembfis. 645

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the The said Account is preserved amongst the other Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Papers of this Section.

Supply. Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refolocd> That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Seventy thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year 1760, including Eighteen thousand Three hundred and Fifty-five Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Seventy thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second* time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning* and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, au:

Duties on Account of the net Produce of the Duties upon Beer cr' c* and Ale for Seven Years, ending at Michaelmas last; distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to MilitiaLaw* Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty’s Lieutenants of the several Counties of England and Wales, to proceed in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, notwithstanding any Adjournments; and the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a'

Motion, it being after Three of the Clock;

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

' Veneris, 230 die Novembris;

Anno 33* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

NOTICE being taken, that the Account of the Account net Produce of the Duties upon Malt for Seven withdrawn. Years, to Midsummer1758; distinguishing each Year; which was Yefteiday presented to the House, is not signed by the proper Officers;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Account, in order to the presenting an Account properly signed.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Duties on Account of the net Produce of the Duties upon Spirits, Spun*, &c. and Ruin, for Seven Years, ending at Michael-

mas lait; distinguishing each Year.

Removing Ordered, That the Estimate for purchasing Land,-Gunpowder an(j eroding a Powder Magazine for Land and Sea fromnC Service, at Pur fleet, near the River Thamest in Essex, Greenwich together with Barracks, Guard-house, and all other ne-< to fur fleet, celfary Conveniences, to answer the Purposes of the present Powder Magazine at Greenwich, which was presented to the House upon the 18th Day of December 1754, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Inhabitants of Eoft Greenwich and Places adjacent, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the ' Inhabitants, is referred.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Distillation Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-from wjieat, night, resolve itself intoa Committee of the wholeHouse, to take into.Confederation-so much of an Act, made in the last Section of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also to continue, for. a farther Time, the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran; as relates to the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or. Flour, or from Bran.

The House being informed. That Mr. Forrester, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the net Produce of the Duties upon Malt for Seven Years, to Midsummer 1758 J distinguishing each Year.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Ordered, That Mr. Vent do, upon Tuesday Morn-

ing next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the laftvSeftion of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the lait Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of faltedBeef, Poik, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and to amend the said Act; is committed.

Ordered, That Mr: John Odel do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Roberts do attend the said Committee~at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Nethercourt do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Brounsworth do attend the said Committee *at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Wedneslay last, that Mr. Thomas Brattle do, upon Tuesday Morning next, attend the said Committee, be discharged.

Account of Malt Duty,

Importation of Beef, &c.

Account of The House being informed, That Mr. Forrefter, from Malt Duty, the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the net Produce of the Duties upon Malt for Seven Years, to Midsummer 1758; distinguishing eachYear.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. VoL. 28.

A Bill to enable his Majesty’s Lieutenants of the fe- Militia Law*, vend Counties in England and Wales, to proceed in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, notwithstanding any Adjournments, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committeo.of tlje whole House, upon the said Bill.

8 B Orderedy

6^6 — 26° Novembris. 1759*

Account Ordered, That an Account belaid before this House, the Committee had directed him to report to the House;

of new raised of the* Establishment of the several new Regiments and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in

Corps. Corps that have been raised since the Year 1758, with the at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and

Dates of the Warrants for raising the fame, respectively. are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Account of Ordered, That an Account be lard before this House, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Sratf Officers, t|re Establishment of the General and Staff Officer*, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be

alul Officers of the Hospitals, for the Year 1760, with raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day their respective Names and Salaries* of March 1760, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments,

Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of The Order of the Day being read; Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of

WaVS The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Berwick upon Tweed, and that a proportionable Cess,ac-

3nd Means, whole House, to confuler of Ways and Means for raising cording to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be the Supply granted to His Majesty. laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee. That, towards raising the Sup ply granted to his Majesty^ Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which by

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That an Act of Parliament of the 32d Year of his Majesty’s they had come to several Resolutions; which they had Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1760, directed him to report, when the House will please to be farther continued and charged upon all Malt which receive the same. ’ shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or im-

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday ported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Morning next. Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was 23d Day of June 1760, to the 24th Day oijune 1761. directed by the Committee to move, that they may The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second have Leave to fit again. time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- agreed to by the House. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant House, to consider further of Ways and Means for to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. raising the Supply granted to his Majesty. Wef, Mr. Nugent, Mr. James Grenville, the Lord North,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce> 26* die Novembris;

Anno 33* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759. Prayers.

Ditto. \ yfR. Charlton, according to Order, reported from

1VX the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Establishments of the several " new Regiments and Corps that have been raised since Corps " the Year 1758, with the Daftes of the Warrants for " raising them respectively: " And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Establishment of the General StaffOfficen, " and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for &c-u the Year 1760, with their respective Names and " Pay."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Papers are as followeth; viz.

ESTABLISHMENT of a Battalion of Foot, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Eyre Coote, formed

by Warrant, dated 13th January 1759.

\ Lieutenant Colonel, Commandant and Captain Per Diem. £ s. 17 O

Two Majors and Captains - ea* 15 * — - - - I 10 -

Six Captains - ea. 10 — . - - - 3 —

Nineteen Lieutenants ea. 4 8 - - - - 488

Eight Ensigns - ea. 3 8 - - - 1 8

Chaplain - — 6 8

Adjutant - — - 4 —

Quarter Master

Surgeon - — 4 —

Three Mates - - ea. 36 - 10 6

36 Serjeants - - - ea. 1 6 - - - 2 14 —

36 Corporals - - ea. 1 — - - 1 16 —

18 Drummers - ea. 1 - 18 —

2 Tifers - - ea. I

t)OQ Private Men - ea. — 8 d- - a. 30 — —

Allowance to the Widows 48 410 — 12 —

Allowance to the Lieutenant Colonel Commandant - - - — 106

Allowance to the Captains — 9 —

Allowance to the Agent - ii - 4 6

Amounting for 366 Days to 18,315 Total Diem 5f* T 1- 50 — 10

2

j

33 Geo. II. 26° Novem 647

ESTABLISHMENT of a Regiment of Light Dragoons, commanded by Major General Eliott, ordered

to be raised by Warrant, dated 17th March 1759. 1

Colonel and Captain - < Per D £ St 1 15 —

Lieutenant Colonel and Captain - 146

Major and Captain - 1 — 6

3 Captains - ea. 15* . 6d. - - a 6 6

6 Lieutenants - ea. 9 — - - a 14 —

6 Cornets - ea. 8 — - - . 2 8 —

Chaplain ----- — 6 8

Adjutant ----- " 5 —

Surgeon — 6 —

Mate - 3 6

6 Quarter Mailers - - - ea. 5 - - - i 13 —

18 Serjeants - ea. 2 9 - - 296

18 Corporals - ea. 2 3 - - - 2 — 6

12 Drummers - - - - ea. 2 3 - - - 1 7 —

6 Hautboys - - - - ea. 2

360 Private Men - ea. 1 9 - - 31 IO —

Allowance to the Widows - 52 1 8

Allowance to the Colonel - — 15 —

Allowance to the Captains - — 14 —

Allowance to the Agent 7

Total - ~ £ 54 9 8

Amounting for 366 Days to £. 19,940 18 s. o d.

ESTABLISHMENT of a Regiment of Foot commanded by Colonel Craufurd$ Ten Companies ordered to be raised by Warrant, dated 21st of July 1759, and the remaining Four Companies by Warrant, dated 4th August 1759.

Colonel, as Colonel - Per Diem. £ * d- — 14 —

Lieutenant Colonel, as Lieutenant Colonel - 7 —

14 Captains - - each 1 os. — d. - - - 7 — —

30 Lieutenants - - each 4 8 - - - - 7 — —

12 Second Lieutenants - each 3 8 - - - - 2 4 —

— 6 8,

2 Adjutants - - each 4 — - - _ — 8 —

Quarter Mailer - - - 4 8 r

Surgeon - - - - 4 — '

3 Mates - - each 3 6 - - - — 106

56 Serjeants - - each 1 6 - - - 4 4 —

56 Coporals - - each 1 — - - 2 16 —

28 Drummers - - each 1 — - - - 1 8 —

4 Fifer.s - each 1 - - 4

1400 Private Men - each — 8 - - - 4613 4

Allowance to the Widows - 74 9 1 — 18 8

Allowance to the Colonel - . - - - — 16 4

Allowance to the Captains - . - - - - " — 14 —

Allowance to the Agent - - - " " " — 7 —

Total I - - 77 5 2

Amounting for 366 Days to £. 28,276. 1 is. od.

Vql.28.


648

26° Novembris.

A. 1759.

ESTABLISHMENT of a Battalion of Fencible Men of Argyllshire, commanded by Major General John Campbell, ordered to be raised by Warrant, dated 21st July 1759.

ea.

ea.

ea.

ior.-

Colonel -

One Lieutenant Colonel and Captain 1 Major and Captain

7 Captains 10 Lieutenants

8 Ensigns 1 Chaplain 1 Adjutant -t Quarter Matter

1 Smrgeon 36 Serjeants 36 Corporals 18 Drummers

2 Pipers -900 Private Men

Allowance to the Widows -

Allowance to the Colonel ——

Allowance to the Captains ——

Allowance to the Agent ——

Total - - - £.

- - ea. 1 6 - - - . 2 14 —

- - ea. 1 - - 1 16 —

- - ea. 1 - — 18 —

- - ea. 1 — - . - - - . - . - — 2 —

- - ea. — 8 - - - - 30 —

Pei'

Diem. s. d, H — *7 — *5

10 — 6 8

9

6

4

4

46 1 4

— 12 —

— 106

— 9 —

— 4 6

47 n 4

Amounting for 122 Days to >£.5*839 14 8 d.

E ST ABLISHMENT of a Regiment of Light Dragoons, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Burgcyne; Four Troops ordered to be raised by Warrant, dated the 4th of Augnjl 1759, and the remaining Two Troops by Warrant, dated the 16th of October 1759.

Lieutenant Colonel, Commandant Major -

6 Captains -6 Lieutenants 6 Cornets -

Adjutant

Surgeon -

1 Mate -

6 Quarter Masters 18 Serjeants 18 Corporals 12 Drummers 426 Private Men

Allowance to the Widows Allowance to the Colonel Allowance to the Captains Allowance to the Agent

Amountinglor 366 Days to £.21,356 zs.

ea. irjs.6d.

ea. 9 —

ea. 8 —

ea. 5 6

ea. 2 9

ea. 2 3

ea. 3

ea. 1 9

Total

Per Dienh £ s. d.

" 9 "

4 13 — 2 14 —

28 —

— 6 —

— 3 6

1 13 1 2 Q 0

2 — 6 17 --

37 ' 5 6

55 19 —

— 12 —

— 15 "

— 14 —

58 7 —

33 Geo. II.

2 6° Novembris.

649

ESTABLISHMENT of a Battalion of Foot, commanded by the Edri of Suiherta?id, ordered to be raised

by Warrant, dated the nth Day of August 1759.

Lieutenant Colonel, Commandant and Captain a £ S. *7 d.

Major and Captain -f 1 15 -

7 Captains more - " - each 10s. - - - - - - - 3 10

10 Lieutenants - ea. 4 8 d. - - - 2 6 8

8 Ensigns - - . - ea. 3 8 - - - t 9 4

Chaplain - - - - 6 8

Adjutant - - - A - - - 4

Quarter Matter - - - - A A - - - - 4 8

Surgeon '- - - - - - _ - 4 - -

36 Serjeants - ea. 6 - - - 2 14 —

36 Corporals - - ea. 1 — ' - - - - 1 16 —

18 Drummers - - - ea. 1 — - - - 18 —

2 Pipers - - - - ~ ea. 1 — . - . - - - 2

goo Private Men - - ' ea. — 8 1 A - a* - 30 - — "

45 7 4

Allowance to the Widows - — A j. A 12

Allowance to the Colonel — 10 -6

Allowance to the Captains - — 9 —

Allowance to the Agent * v - ‘ 4 6

Total A A m i- 47 3 4

Amounting for 12I Days * t0£-5.754 6 8. A

Per Diem.

ESTABLISHMENT of a Battalion of Foot, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Worge, ordered to be

formed by Warrant, dated ibtb August 1759.

Lieutenant Colonel, Commandant and Captain - A °ayPerDierrZ £. s. d. *7 —

Lieutenant Colonel and Captain - - - — 17 —

Major and Captain - - _ - — *5 —

6 Captains more - - - each los, - - - - . 3

19 Lieutenants - - ea. 4 8 d. - - 4 8 8

8 Ensigns - - - ea. 3 8 - 1 9 4

Chaplain - 6 8

Adjutant - " 4 "

Quarter Master - - - — 4 8

Surgeon ----- — 4 —

Two Mates - ea. 3 6 - 7 —

36 Serjeants - ea. 1 6 - - - 2 14 — n

36 Corporals ea. 1, — - " . - r. 1 16 —

18 Drummers - - ea. 1 — - - — 18 —

2 Fifers - ea. 1 — . - - — 2 —

goo Private Men - - - ea. — 8 . - - 3°. — —

Allowance to the Widows - m — )- A 48 3 4 — 12 —

Allowance to the Colonel - - - . - - - — IO O

Allowance to the Captains - 9-

Allowance to the Agent - r r - ~ " — .4 6

Total sr. m m £' 49 *9 4

Amounting, for 366 Days, - 5 ? E to £.18,287. 16.

Vojl 28. s c

cl 6° Novembris* A. 1759*

EST ABLISHMENT of a Corps of Highlanders, commanded by Major Robei't Murray fce/tfi; Three Companies ordered to be formed by Warrant, dated 25th August 1759, Four Companies by Warrant, dated 10th October 1759, and the remaining Two Companies by Warrant, dated 47th of the same Month.

1 Major and Captain Per Diem. £ s. d. — 15 —

8 Captains more - ea. 10 s. - - 4 —

18 Lieutenants - ea. 4 8 d. - - 4 4 —

9 Second Lieutenants ea. 3 8 - - 1 n —

Adjutant - - — 4 —

Quarter Master - — - 4 8

Surgeon ..... - - - a - - — 4 —

1 Mate - - — 8 6

36 Serjeants - ea. 1 6 - - - 2 14 —

36 Corporal's - ea. 1 — - - - 1 iC —

18 Drummers - - - ea. 1 — - . - — 18 —

900 Private Men - ea. — 8 - - . - 30 —

Allowance to the Widows - 46 16 1 — 12 —

Allowance to the Major, Commandant - - - — 10 6

Allowance to the Captains - — 9 —

Allowance to the Agent — 4 6

Tota,! - - £ 48 12 2

Amounting, fcfr 366 Days, td ~ ~ 1^,790. 13*

ESTABLISHMENT of a Corps of Light Dragoons, commanded by Lord Aberdour, ordered to be

raised by Warrant* dated 10th October 1759.

— i-i Lik >1 i - ... — Per Diem.

£ s. d.

1 Captain* - - ea. 15 6 - m I 11 —

% Lieutenants - ea. q - - — 18 —

2 Cornets ea. 8 m - - — 16 —

a Quarter Maftefs ea. 5 6 - " - - — 11 - —

4 Serjeantjs" ea. 2 9 - " - — 11 — -

4 Corporals - ea. 2 3 - - — 9 —

4 Drummers - -too Private Men - - ea. 2 ea. 1 3 9 - - 8 9 — 15 —

14 —

Allowance to the Widows - 4 —

Allowance to the Commandant m " - - - — 5 —

Allowance to the Captains - hi - - — 4 8

AHoWance to the Agent m V - - - — 2 4

- Total - - -£ 14 16 —

Amount itorgj foT 366 Days, t« S . s - M jC-5j4i6. 16.

2(S° Novem,

3 3 Geo. II.

ESTABLISH M ENT ofa Baifcdien of Foot, commanded by Captain j^orris, ordered to

be raised by Warrant, dated the 13th of October 1759.

Commandant - i. Per.Diem. £ s. d.

2 Majors and Captains - - ea. 155*. — d. - - - 1 to —

7 Captains - - - ea. 10 — - - $ 10 —

19 Lieutenants - - - ea. 48# - - 488

8 Ensigns - - - ea. 3 8 - - - 1 9 4

Chaplain - — 6 8

Adjutant - A - -

Quarter Matter - - - — 48

Surgeon - -

2 Mates - - ea. 36- - - — y

g6 Serjeants - - - ea. 1 6 - - - 2 14

36 Corporals - . - - ea. 1 — - I l6

18 Drummers - - - ea. 1 — - . — l8 —

2 Pipers - - - ea. 1 — - .

.900 Private Men - - ea. — 8 - - 30

Allowance to the Widows - a - a 48 1 4 — 12 —

Allowance to the Commandant — io 6

Allowance to the Captains - — 9 —

Allowance to the Agent — 4 6

Total - - -£ 4917 4

Amounting, for 366 Days, to - - -r - £.18,251. 4.

ESTABLISHMENT of a Regiment of Light Dragoons, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Hale, ordered to be raised by Warrant, dated the 7th Day of November 1759.

Per Diem.

Lieutenant Colonel, Commandant _ . £ s. 9 d.

Major ----- 6d. -T- 5 —

4 Captains - ea. 15*. - - - 3 a —

4 Lieutenants - ea. 9 -r- - - - 1 16 —

4 Cornets - - - ea. 8 — 1 - - - 1 12 —

Adjutant ----- — 5 —

Surgeon - - - - , — r- 6 -r-

4 Quarter Matters - ea. 5 6 - - . I 2 —

12 Serjeants - ea. 2 9 - - I ?3 — r

12 Coporals - ea. 2 3 - - — 1 7 —

8 Drummers - - - - ea. 2 3 - - . -r- 18 T-

268 Private Men ea. 1 9 - - - n 9

Allowance to the Widows - & i 8

Allowance to the Colonel r- -T- 10

Allowance to the Captains - — 9

Allowance to the Agent m r - 4

Total - - ’£ 37 —

Amounting, for 366 Days, to m - M £13>834 l6.

Voii. 2&.

6§2 i6° A ovem1759

PAY of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for the Year 1760.

Commander in Chief -

Commander in Chief in Germany -

Lord Viscount Ligonier Four Aids de Camp -Secretary and Clerks Chaplain Surgeon -Physician

John Marquis of Granby Four Aids de Camp -Secretary and Clerks f Lord De la War Two Aids de Camp -

Five Lieutenants General

Thirteen Majors General

Commander in North Britain

One Major General in North Britain

Richard Onflozv John Campbell Earl of Ancram Lord Tyrawly -

Henry Seymour Conway Aid deCamp -

Earl of Albemarle Henry Holmes -John Mojtyn John Waldegrave Edward Cormvallis -Earl of Effingham -George Howard William Kingsley William Whitmore Alexander Duroure -Bennet Noel . Thomas Brudenell -Lord George Beauclerk Two Aids de Camp -Secretary Edward Pole -One Aid de Camp -

Major of Brigade in North Britain

Paymaster General - Right honourable Hemy

Secretary to the forces - Lord Viscount Barringi

Two Comptrollers of the Accounts of the CEarl of Ilchester Army - - - (James CreJJet, Esquire

Commissary General of the Musters - Thomas Gore, Esquire

Der£ri?rPmiffa-17 G-ener£d- and_Com; Esquire

Judge Advocate General - - - Thomas Morgan, Esquii

Deputy Judge Advocate in Germany - William Fowler, Esquir Adjutant General - - - - Lieutenant General Nt

Deputy Adjutant General -

Ditto in Germany - - - Lieutenant Colonel/fa

Quarter Mailer General Ditto -

Ditto in Germany

Deputy Quarter Mailer General fn South \

Britain ----- y

Ditto in Germany - - - - Lieutenant Colonel Watft

Ditto in North Britain - Captain William Rickfon

Assistant to the Quarter Mailer General in Germany -

- Major General Watson

- Major General Webb

n

Majors of Brigade in Germany

Physician General Surgeon General -

Apothecary General

C Henry Stubbs, Esquire

1:

- George Gamier, Esquire

of ‘‘e AC:

Per Diem. For 366 Days.

1 1 £ J. d.

!0 3,660

2 73*

— IO 183

— 6 8 122

— 10 — 183

— 10 — 183

10 3,660

2 — — 73*

10 4 183

5 — 1.836

5 — 1,830

5 — 1,830

5 — 1,830

5 1,830

2

IO —

' 2 10 — 9'5

2 10 — 915

2 10 — 915

2 10 — 915

2 10 — 915

2 IO — 915

2 10 9*5

2 IO 915

2 10 9*5

a IO 9l5

2 IO 915

2 IO 9 >5

2 IO 9*5

4 1,464

I — 366

— 10 i«3

2 73*

IO — *83

10 — 183

I 366

1 366

[ 4 1 1,504 2 *1

[ . 5 >94 K> CO O* — C*> 1

1 366 —

IO 183

r 1 — — 366

— 10 — 183

n — 10 — , 183 —

d 1 — — 366

1 366

1 366 — —

— 10 — 183 --

m — 10 — 183 --

— 5 — 91 10 —

— 15 — to O J

- — 10 — 183

— 10 — 183

— IO — 183

— IQ — 183

et — 10 — 183

i - 10 — 183

IO — ,83

»e — 16 { \\ 300 16 si Six

by

Distillation from Wheat, &c.

Military

Appointments.

Supply.

33 Geo. II.

Six Aids deCamp to his Majesty, at £.200 per Annum each -

160 Novsmbris.

C Honourable John West Henri) Earl of Pembroke John Clavering

Secretary to the Forces in North Britain -Deputy Judge Advocate and Clerk of the Courts Martial in North Britain - -

Baggage Master, and Inspector of the} Roads in North Britain - - -)

ComipiOary General ..

Provost Martial and his Man - Ditto in Germany -Waggon Master General -Harbinger -

Commander of the Forces in Jersey

Surgeon to the Forces at Guernsey -Surgeon to the Independent Companies at} Plymouth - - - - j

Edward Lloyd, Esquire -William Cochrane, Esquire

William Caulfield, Esquire Abraham Hume, Esquire -

Lieutenant Colonel James1 Forrefter, - - - J

John Bolger -

William Lake -

H O S P

Director -

Physicians -

Chief Surgeon and Inspector -Surgeons -Apothecaries -Chaplain -

Mates -

I T A L S.

- John Cat he arty Esquire -

- Four — each £.1.

- - Robert Adair, Esquire

- Four ----- each 105*.

- - Four each 10s.

- Thirty-seven each 5 s.

653

- 200 —

- 200

- 200 — —

200 — —

200 — —

200 — —

I — 366

10 — 183 —

— 5 — 91 10 —

3 — — t)d98

~ 12 — 419 12 —

— 12 — 219 —

— 7 if 130 7 if

- 4 8 85 8 —

1 — 366

— 4 — 73 4 —

— 4 — 73 4 —

£.47,012 u 9

I 5 -r 457 10 —

4 — — 1.464

1 10 - 549

2 — — 732

2 732 — —

00 1 122

9 5 — 3.385 10 —

£54.454 " 9

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon that Day Fortnight, to take into Confederation so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, an Act to continue, fora farther Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit, for a limitedTime, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran; as relates to the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour, or from Bran; might be read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolve d^ That this House will, upon Friday the 7th Day of December next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Appointment of Sir William Peere Williams, Baronet, to be a Captain in his Majesty’s Army, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the Appointment of the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Downe, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to he a Lieutenant Colonel in his Majesty’s Army, be laid before this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, including those in Germany, for the Year 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Gibraltar, and Guadeloupe, for the Year 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments on the Irish Establishment, serving in North America, for the Year 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

VOL. 28.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for til©'’ Year 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the embodied Militia of the Counties in South Britain, and of the Fencible Men of Argyleshire, and Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain, for 122 Days, from the 25th December 1759, to the 15th April 1760, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 38,750 Men of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttel, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Budfeburgg, from the 115 th December 1759, to the 24th of December 1760, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 19,012 Men, the Troops of the Landgrave of IJcfie Cajjfkl, in' the Pay of Great Britain, purluaut to Treaties, for the Year 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejfe CaJJel, concluded and signed at London January 17th, 1759, and Translation,' which were presented to the House upon the 19th Day of January last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Separate Article, belonging to the Treaty between his Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, concluded and signed at London Xhe i^Xh January, 1759, and Transliition, which were presented to the House upon the 19th Day of January last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty beteen his Majesty and the Landgrave oi lleffe CaJJel, signed at Hanover June 18th 1755, and Transiation, which were presented to the House upon the 26th November 1755, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Establishments " of the several new Regiments and Corps that have <c been raised ft nee the Year 1758, with the Dates of the " Warrants for railing them respectively," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Establishment a of the General and St aft* Officers, and Officers of the " Hospitals, for the Year 1760, with their respective V' Names and Pay," be referred to the said Committee.

8 D Then

654 27°

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plerafe to receive Tile fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning ne^ft, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty r

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 70 die Novembris;

Anno 33* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

Accounts of rFvHE House being informed, That Mr. Needier> Beer and JL Accountant General to the Commissioners of Ex-Spirit Duties. cife,-attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the gross Produce of the Duties on Beer and Ale for Seven Years, ending the 5th July last; distinguishing each Year: And also,

Ah Account of the net Produce of the Duties on Spirits, Brandy, and Rum, for Seven Years, ending 5th of July last; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, t'obe perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply Bill; Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Land Tax. Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a XandTax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1760: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolted, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Marine Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a- Bill for

Forccs. the RegUiation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore: And that Mr. Clevland, Mr. West, Sir John Gordon, Admiral Bofcaxcen, and Mr. Elliot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Estimate of Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his building Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Direc-

Sh, P8' tions to the proper Officers, that there be laid before

this House an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1760.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Supply. Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’sTable; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including those in Ger 14

Novembris. 1759.

many, and Four thousand and Ten Invalids, amounting to Fifty-seven thousand Two hundred Ninety-four effective Metv, Commission and Non-Commission Officers included, be employed for the Service of the Year 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One million Three hundred Eighty-three thousand Seven hundred Forty-eight Pounds and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Fifty-seven thousand Two hundred Ninety-four effective Men, for Guards and Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Gucm/ey, and Jerj'ey, for the Year 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Forty-six thousand One hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, Africa, and the East Indies, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova-Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, Providence, Cape Breton, Guadeloupe, Senegal, and Goree, for the Year 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Seven hundred Forty-four Pounds Eight Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot on the Irish Establishment, serving in Noi'th America, for the Year 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-four thousand Four hundred Fifty-four Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General StafTOfficers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 17(10.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Two thousand Six Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of the Fencible Men oiArgylefdre, and Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain, for One hundred Twenty-two Days, from the 25th Day of December 1759, to the 25thDayof^/;n7i76o,bothDaysinclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Forty-seven thousand Eight hundred Eighty-two Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence Half Penny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Thirty-eight thousand Seven hundred Fifty Men of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttel, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Buckcburgg, ' together with that of General and Stall Officers, actually employed against the common Enemy, in Congert with the King of Prussia, from the 25th Day of December 1759, to the 24th Day ot December 1760, both incl ufive,to be issued in Advance every Two Months, in l ike Manner as the Pay of the Hefjian Forces now in the Service of Great Britain; the said Body of Troops to be mustered by an English Commilfary, and the effective State thereof to be ascertained by the Signature of the Commander in Chief of the said Forces.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Sixty-eight thousand Eight hundred Seventy-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two thousand One hundred Twenty Ilorfe, and Nine thousand Nine hundred Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejffe Cajfd in the Pay of Great Britain, for Three hundred Sixty-six Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, both Days inclusive; together with the Subsidy for the said Time, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum,notexceedingNinety-seven thousand Eight hundred Fifty Pounds Four Shillings and Ten Pence, be

granted

c.

33 Geo. II, 270 — 28° 655

granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of an additional Corps of Nine hund red Twenty Horse, and Six thousand Seventy-two Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of HeJJcCqff'dAn the Pay of Great Britain, for Three hundred Sixty-six Days, from the first Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, to the '31 ft Day of December following, b6th Days inclusive, pursuant to Treaty.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Army; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ^Dcfcftion^ P1111^1^ Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that the Lord Barrington and Mr. Thomas Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Importation The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a outa^&c. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue^ for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the iaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, ’intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and to amend the said Act.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses, and had madefomePro-gress in the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-vcnniglit, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Militia Refoked, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

RWJ* resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to enable his Majesty’s Lieutenants of the several Counties in England and Wales, to proceed in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, notwithstanding any Adjournments.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° die Novembris;

Anno 330 Georgii II<n Regis, 1759.

Pray k r s.

CaHifle Q I R Charles Iloxvard, from the Commissioners and Raid. *3 Trustees, appointed for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Cnrlijle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of the said A ft.

A Copy of the Accounts of Receiptsand Disbursements by the Treasurer to the Commissioners, acting within and for the County'’ of Cumberland, under an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying out, making, and keqnng in Repair, a Road, proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, from the 2.5th Day of November 1758, inclusive, to the 6th Day of October 1759: And also,

A Copy of Orders and Acts of the Commissioners, acting within and for the County of Cumberland, under an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road, proper for the VOL. 2*.

Passage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of

Cay life to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyney from the 25th Day of November 1758, inclusive, to the 6th Day of October 1759*

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Copies are preserved amongst the other Papery of this Session.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty’s Nary Debt, Navy, as it stood on the 30th of September last, be laid before this, House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Charge for Transport Service, between , Transport the ill of Jaiuiaryund 30 September 1759, including the ’! Serv,ce* Expence, of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time.

'Mr. Thomas Gore presented to the House, according - Army; to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and ’Mutiny and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: Ddertion.

And the same was received; and read the First time.;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed. That Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of salted Beef, Pork, and Account of Butter, imported into England from Ireland, from the ?ecf»

24th June 1758, to the 10th of October 1759: And also, ,mP<*rted*

An Account of the Quantities of Corn, Malt, Meal, Cora, &c. Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, exported from England, from 25th March 1759, to 10th October following;

And also,

An Account of the Quantity of British Spirits exported Spirits, &c. from England, from Christmas 1751 to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Brandies and Spirits Brandies, imported into England, from Christmas 1751 to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Year, and the Countries from whence imported, with the Customs paid thereon:

likewise an Account of the net Produce of the Customs4 arising from Brandies and Spirits imported annually, in the same Years.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Supply Bill* Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Land Tax. Year 1760, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That Answer to their Address of Yesterday, that his Majesty would be Addrefsfor graciously pleased to give Di rest ions that the Estimate Estimate. therein mentioned might fye laid before this House, had been presented to 'his Majesty; and that his Majesty. had commanded him to acquaint this.Hoiffe, that he will give Directions accordingly.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply; resolve itself into a Committee tof the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Nuvy for the Year 1760., be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

.by.

Militia

taws.

0,

Accounts from the Chamberlain of London,

656 28° — 30° Novembris. 1759.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1760 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House,jThat he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable his Majesty’s Lieutenants of the several Counties in England and Wales, to proceed in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, notwithstanding any Adjournments;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, directing at what Time the First General Meeting of the respective Lieutenants, and Deputy Lieutenants, in England and Wales, dial I he hoi den.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Beauchamp Prodlor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 30° die Novembris;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That the Chamberlain of the City of London attended at the Door;

He was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, on the 5th Day of July 1759: And

A Paper, intituled, " The State of London Bridge u Account, from 5 December 1758, to the 28th No-" vember 1759."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved araongst the other Papers of this Session.

»7

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account0f Account of the Amount of the Duties arising on L^JICC Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, for Seven Years last past; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account of House, an Account of the Quantities of Brandy and Brandy, &c. Spirits imported from Holland, from Christmas 1758 to Midjinnmer lafi.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Deferfcion, and for j^r/and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, peferuou. was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Turf lay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply; Committee of the whole House, to whoth it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Two hundred Thirty-two thousand Six hundred Twenty-nine Pounds Five Shillings and One Penny, be granted to his Majesty for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Ilaif-pay to Sea Officers, for the Year 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pound.-., be granted to his Majesty, towards carrying on the Works of the Hospital for sick and wounded Seamen, building at Ilajlar, near G of port, for the Year 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards carrying on the Works of the Hospital forfick and wounded Seamen, buikiing near Plymouth, for the Year 1^60.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards purebating Ground, erecting Jetty-heads, for careening Wharfs, Capstand-houses, Storehouses, and other Accommodations neeeffary for refitting his Majesty’s Fleet at Halifax, for the Year 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding 'Fen thousand Pounds, he granted to his Majesty upon Account, towards the Support of the Hoyal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Thirty thousand Two hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Four Shillings and Six Pence be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Eighty thousand Five hundred Sixty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1759.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questiou severally pat thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Paper

j

33 Geo. II. 3b0 Novembr 57

Military A Paper, intituled, st Lord Vifcoiint Doione, Lieute-Appoiiuments. <c nant Colonel; War Office, 30th November, 1759:’* And also,

A Paper, intituled,. cc Sir William Peere Williams,

" Baronet, Captain in the Army; War Office, 30th u November, 1759."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amorigft the other Papers of this Session.

Pr. Dayrcll Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to

thanked, the Reverend Doctor Dayrell, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House, at St.Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Grenville and the Earl Verney do acquaint him therewith.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesdayMorning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Land Tax. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1760;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Militia Law*. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

whole House, to whom the Bill to enable his Majesty’s Lieutenants of the several Counties in England and Wales, to proceed in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, notwithstanding any Adjournments, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

The postponed Order of the D^ty being read, for the sunply Bill* House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Land Tax/ House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1760;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1758, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1760.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Admiral Bofcazven, from the Commissioners for exe- Navy Debt, cutingtbe Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 30th September 1739.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

1

VOL. 28.

8 E

Navy

6 5 8

30* Novembris.

A. 1759.

Navy Office, 7 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads herein after 29th November 1759.^ mentioned, as it flood on the 30th September 1759.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports:

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy for Stores, Freight of Transports, S'c. supplied for the Service thereof . -

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on naval Stores For Freight of Transports and 'Fenders, and for Stores delivered into, his Majesty’s several Yards, &Y. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 30th September 1759; gs also to

several Bids of Exchange....

To his Majesty’s Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf -

Seamen’s Wages:

Due to pay the Men, Ssc. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off -To Ships in Sea-pay on the aforesaid 30th September 1759 To discharge and payoff all the Bills entered in Course for Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, Free-Gifts, 8(c. - -

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

viz.

Due for Short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -

For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course - For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 30th September 1759 For Necessary-money, Extra-necessary-money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies - - - - '

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Wounded; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of sick and wounded Seamen set on Shore from his Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Office

The Total amounts to the Sum of Five million Three hundred Sixteen thousand and Fifty-live Pounds, Two Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny .....-----

From whence deducting the Money in the A

Treasurer’s Hands - - - - f as on the 1

And also the Money that remained to come f other Side. 5 iu of the Supplies of the Y'ear 1759 -J -

The Debt will then be Three million Nine hundred Seventy-two thousand and Eight hundred Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings -

N. B. In this Debt is included, for Charge of Transports, between the 1 ft January 1759 and 30th September following -

And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between the 1 ft January 1759 and the 30th September following amounts to -

For which Sum of^. 501,078. 1-6 r. G\d. no Provision has been made by Parliament, but if thought fit, to be granted, as the like Service was provided for last Year;

The nett Debt of the Navy will then be Three million Four hundred Seventy-one thousand Seven hundred Twenty-two Pounds Two Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny -

PARTICULARS.

£ d.

832,649 -

12,077 l8 II

.424,892 13 9

509,121-----

38,377 19 4

417,967 2 —

2,101,274-----

75,118 16 8

15,910' 16 4

585,237 14 5

57,091 19 4

98>353 9 5

50,348 1 11

TOTAL.

£. s. d.

1,817,118 12 —

2>594>359 *8 8}

340,416 3 7

1,002,837 19 9

349,600 14 8

151,478 1 io

806,942 1 5

97,634 10 —

I'

5»3l6>°5o 2 if

i>343>254 3 4*

3,972,800 18 Sf

501,078 16

6*

3,471,722 2

oi

G. Cokburnc, Tho% Slade, Dan. Devert, JRichd Hall, G. Adams, Tim> Brett.

Memorandum:

L.


to

09

D

eg'

n'

0

CL

cr

o

o

eg

FT

Memorandum,: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 30th September 1759, in Money as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy t.

On the HEADS of -

In what TREASURER’S Hand.. In MONEY. Wear and Tear Ordinary and Transports. y Seamen’s Wages. Vidluahv TOTAL.

Right honourable' George Dodington Esquire (ift Treasurership) - - - - C In Money - - - - -| D* towards the Debt for lick and wounded Seamen £ 4,888 — d. 5+ £ s. d. 1,780 13 9 5® — 4i £ s- d-34 18 2|j £ 6,741 s. 12 d. 9

Right honourable Henry Legge Esquire f In Money - - \ D° towards the Debt for fiek and wounded Seamen T 6,405 5 11 876 16 51 55 *5 5 1,621 12 4 I - - 5 8.959 10 4

Right honourable George Grmw'/fe Esquire (ill Treasurership) - - - - J In Money - 1 Df towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 4,085 2 3} 3.243 9 4l 1,017 2 9 1,590 — 2|j 9.935 14 7*

Right honourable George Dodington Esquire (zd Treasurership) - - - f In Money - -1 D* towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 6,910 9 .51 97z 18 4l 140 17 7 374 15 8.399 I 4i

Right honourable George Grenville Esquire (2d Treasurership) - - - - I In Money - - - . 1 D° towards the Debt for tick and wounded Seamen 126,909 12. 6 39,761 15 2$ 7.753 *9 9 *31.954 17 3*> - - - -i 306,380 4 8|

£ 149,rg8 10 7 55.64i 9 — 4 *35.576 4 —: 340,416 3 7l

There remained, on the 30th September 1759, to come in of the Supplies of the Tear 1759

£ d.

1,002,837. 19. 9.

9


o

o

cT*

ci

S'

5-

Os

CM

VO

33 Geo.

Old Sarura Writ.

Duties

30° Novembris. — 30 Decembris. . 1759.

660

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by*the Members of the House.

And then the Uoufe adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 30 die Decembris;

Anno 330 Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

/\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-" rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable William Pidteney Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Pulteney, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of a Lieutenant Colonel in his Majesty’s Army.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1760: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejblvcdy That the Bill be read a Second time.

Admiral Bofcaxven% from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Charge for Transport Service, between the ill January and the 30H1 September 1759; including the Expence of vi&Ualiing his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said time.

Admiral Bofcawen also, from the Commissioners for executing the Office, of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presentedYo the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1760.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimate were read.

The said Account and Estimate are as followeth;

viz.

Navy Office, the ift December 17,59.

A n AC COUNT of the Charge for Transport Service between the January and the 30th September 1759, including the Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said time; prepared pursuant to au Order from the honourable House of Commons, dated the 28th November 1759.

Nature of the Charges.

Freight of Transports - - - . - 1- . ~ -

Expence of building Cabins, Stalls, and other Conveniences, on board them, and of furnishing them with Hammaccoes, and other Stores, together with the Expence of fur-veying and measuring them -

Hay, Oats, and other Necessaries - - - -....

Bedding for the Use of the Soldiers - -

Boat Hire, and other contingent Expences, on embarking and debarking the Troops Pilotage of the Transports - -

Salaries to Purveyors and Agents -

Total Naval Part -

Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said time -

Sum.

L- s. 348,930 7

10,191 — 7

582 13 8

6,065 12 8

1,650-----

526 A Z

754 11 5

349,600 14 8

151,478 1 ro

Total Naval and Victualling

501,078 16 6

The Whole amounting to the Sum of Five hundred and One thousand Seventy-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence.

G. CokburnCy Tho. Slade, Dan. Devert,

R. OJboriiy G. Adams, W’. Bateman.

Account*

Transport

Service.

Estimate of building; Ships,

Ordered,

t Navy Office, id December 175Q.

An ESTIMATE of what tnay be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty's Ships, for the Year 1760; prepared in pursuance of an Order from the ? honourable House of Commons, dated the 27th of last Month.

90 ....

Place where.

Deptford

Woolwich

Xhsfam

Portsmouth

Plymouth

00

River Thames

Harwich

Nature of the Time when to be Charge 1 of their

Guns. Ships Names. ' Hulls, Malls, and Yards. Rigging and Stores. ' TOTAL.

Repair. r Taken in Hand. Completed.

74 Dragon Building - - - In Hand - January) 1760 - - - £ 6,500 £ 5,200 £ 11,700

Superb - - Building - - - - In Hand - - - Apr. 1760 - - - 14,000 5,200 19,200

— New Ship - - . - - Building - - - In Hand - - Mar. 1761 - - - 20,000 - 20,000

— New Ship - - - Proposed to be built - 2,000 " 2,000

m 9° Blenheim - Building - - In Hand - - - February 1761 ' - - 10,003 10,000 11,600

74 Thunderer - . , . Building - - In Hand - - . - Mar. 1760- - - - 6,000 5,600

Triumph - . - - Building - - - - In Hand - m " October 1761 - - - 8,000 - 8,000

5° New Ship - . , Building - - - - In Hand - - - Mar. 1762 - - 2,000 - 2,000

74 New Ship - Proposed to be built - 1,000 - 1,000

100 New Ship - . Building - - - In Hand - - - Mar. 1762 - r 0,060 - 10,000

9° Ocean - - . - Building - - - - In Hand - - - Mar. 1761 - - - - 1 ,0 0 - 17,000

New Ship - Building - - - - In Hand - - - Mar. 1763 - - - 6,000 - 6,000

74 Bellona - - Building ..... In Hand - - - Mar. 1760- - - - 4,000 I 5>zoo 9,200

New Ship - - - _ Proposed to be built - 2,000 - 2,000

- 100 Britannia _ Building ..... In Hand - - - Mar. 1761 - - - - 10,000 - 10,000

64 New Ship - . Building - - - - In Hand - - November 1761 - - 6,000 - 6,000

5° New Ship - - - . To be set upon the Eaf: Slip at the Bason - Mar. 1762 - - - 3,000 - 3,000

m m 74 Defence . _ Building - In Hand - - - Mar. 1763 - - - 2,000 2,000

70 New Ship - , - Building - - - - In Hand - - - Mar. 1762 - - - 5,000 - 5,000

m m 74 New Ship - In the MERCHAN' Building - - - - TS YARDS. In Hand - - - August 1761 - - J - 13,000 , _ 13,000

64 Africa - - Building - - - - In Hand - - - ‘ October 1761 - - - 10,000 - 10,000

New Ship - _ - Building - - - - In Hand - - - February 1761 - - 10,060 5>300

m 74 New Ship - - - - Building - - - - , In Hand - - - Mar. 1761 - - - - 14,000 6.400 20,400

Total - - 181,500 32,900 214,400

For the Hulls of the Ships Rigging and Stores

ABSTRAC T.

- 181,500

32,900

Total -

214,400

Viz. The Sum of Two hundred Fourteen thousand Four hundred Pounds. G. Cockbume, Tho. Slade. Dan. Devert. Rich* Hall.

OS

OS

G. Adams.

Tim* Brett.

33 Geo. II. 3

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Foundling

Hospital.

Militia Laws.

Supply.

661

3' — 40 Decembris.

A. 1759.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for grantingan Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1760, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk*s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreedrto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed. That Mr. Collingwood, Secretary to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted Young Children, attended at the Door;

He w as called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. An Account of the Number of Children, who have been received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deferred young Children, from the 3 ift of December 1758, to the 29II1 of Septembei' 1759, inclusive; and also,

N° 2. An Account of the Number of Children belonging to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children who were living on the 29th Day of September 1759; and also,

, N° 3. Au Account of the Number of Children of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted yqung Children, who have died in eacJi. County, from the 31st Day of December 1758, to the .29th Day of September 1759, inclusive; and also,

N° 4. An Account of the Number of Children of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, who have been placed out to Apprenticeships, or returned to their Parents or others, from the Institution of the said Hospital, to the 29th Day of September 1759, inclusive; and also,

N° 5. Account of all Monies received and paid by the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, from the 31st Day of December 1758, to the 29th Day of September 1759, with the Balance then remaining.

‘And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Cooke, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom thp Bill to enable his Majesty’s Lieutenants of the several Counties in England and Wales to proceed in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, notwithstanding any Adjournments, was committed^ the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; anebafterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clocks

&c.

Martis, 4® die Decembris;

Anno 33* Georgii IldI Regis, 1759.

P II AY ERS.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Ilaldane, Account of from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at ^cfcce the Door; .

Fie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Duty arising on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, for Seven Years last pall; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City DistiHatiou of ivno Sarum;. and also, I from Wheat,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Colchester, in the County of fiffex:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House the good Effects, which, the Petitioners allege, have arisen from the Prohibition of the Making of low Wines and Spirits, from Wheat, Barley, MaJt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran; and also representing to the House the fatal Consequences, which, the Petitioners apprehend, willattend the taking off the said Prohibition: And therefore praying. That the Prohibition on the Distillery may be edntinued, in fudi Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Arid the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom if is referred to take into Consideration so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intitdled. An Act to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal,

Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also to continue.

For a farther Time, the Prohibition of the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran; as relates to the Prohibition of the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat,

Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour, or from Bran.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Mi itiaLaws. Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable his Majesty’s Lieutenants of the several Counties in England and Wales to proceed in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, notwithstanding any Adjournments, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkyns, from Account of the Cotiimissioners of the Customs, abended at the Door; Biandy, He Was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Brandy and Spirits

imported

° j

Foundling

LiolpitaL

Ditto.

Bnis of

Mortality.

Sappty Bill; Mait Duties.

4* Decembris.

66$

33 Geo. II.

imported from Holland, from Christmds 1758, to Mid* summer 1759.

' And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upott thfe Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved aiUOngft the othdr Papers of this Session*

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se* vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to taj<e into Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted Young Children.

Ordered, That the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education ofexposed and deserted young Children, do lay before this House, Plans of the intended Hospitals at Ackworth and Skrczisbury*

Ordered, That the annual Bills of Mortality, for Ten Years pad, be laid before this House.

A Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties Upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and

Peiry, for the Service of the Year 1760, tvas read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That thi^ House will, To-tnorrOw Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House* Upoh the said Bill.

The Lord Barrington prfcfented to the House, puf-suant to their Address to his Majesty,

Account of Extraordinaries incurred to the 24th of November 1759, and not provided for by Parliament.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House* by his Majesty’s Command,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who have died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1760.

And the Titles of the said Account and Lift were read.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of thfs Session: And the said Account is as fol-lovVeth; vfe.

ACCOUNT of Extraordinaries incurred to 24th November 1759, and not provided for by Parliament.

To Levy-money and Accoutrements for Colonel Elliott's Regiment of Light Dragoons ——

To Levy-money for 31 Men and Horses added to the Light Troop of the Royal Regiment of Dragoons, at the Rate of £. 15 per Man and Horse To Ditto, for Ditto added to the . Light Troop of Sir Charles Howard's Regiment of Dragoons, at Diito Rate To Ditto, for Ditto added to the Earl of Albemarle's Regiment of Dragoons, at Ditto Rate -

To Ditto, for Ditto added (0 the Light Troop of Lieut. General Campbell's Regiment of Dragoons, at Ditto Rate -

To Ditto, for Ditto added to the Ditto of Sir John Afordaunt's Regiment of Dragoons, at Ditto Rate -

To Ditto, for Ditto added to the Ditto of the Earl of Ancrams Regiment of Dragoons, at Ditto Rate -

To Ditto, for Ditto added to the Ditto of Lord George Sackville's Regiment of Dragoons, at Ditto Rate -

To Ditto, for Ditto added to the Ditto of Sir John Cope's Regiment of Dragoons, at Ditto Rate - - - ~ -

To Ditto, for Ditto added to the Ditto of Field Marshal Sir Robert Rich's Regiment of Dragoons, at Ditto Rate -

To Ditto, for Ditto added to the Ditto of Lieut. General Bland's Regiment of Dragoons, at Ditto Rate -

To Levy-money for 31 Men and Horses added to the Light Troop of Lieutenant General Cholmondeley's Regiment of Dragoons, at the Kate

of £. 15 per Man and Horse ....

To Ditto, for 212 Men added to Major General Whitmore's Regiment of Foot, at the Rate of £. 3 per Man -To Ditto, for 198 Men added to the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards, at the Rate of £. 3 per Man - -

To Ditto, for Ditto added to the Third Regiment of Foot Guards, at the Rate of £. 3 per Man - - - -.

To Ditto, for 308 Men added to the First Regftnent of Foot Guards, at Ditto Rate ——

To Ditto, for 316 Horses for Lieut. Colonel Burgoyne's Regiment of Light Dragoons, at £. 12 each Horse - -

To Ditto, for 212 Men added to the Earl of Panmure's Regiment of Foot, at £. 3 per Man - - - . - -

To Ditto, for 198 Men added to the Third Regiment of Foot Guards, at £ 3 Man - -

To Ditto for 198 Men added to the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards, at £. 3 per Man -

To Ditto, for 308 Men added to the First Regiment of Foot Guards, at £. 3 per Man -

To Ditto, for 212 Men added to Major General Jeffetyes'% Regiment of Foot, at £. 3 per Man - - , - - .

Vol. 28.

7>452 -

465 —

465 —

465 — —

465 —

465 — —

465 —

465 —

465 —

465 — 465 —

465 —

636 — —

594 — 594 - —

924 —

3»792 -

636 — —

594 -

594 -

924-----

36-----

Army

Extras.

Lift of Officers* Widows*

664

4

Decembris

To Ditto, for 158 HoFfes to augment Lieut. Colonel Burgoyne's Regiment of Light Dragoons, at 12 each Horse . -

To Camp Necessaries for Colonel Watson's Regiment of Foot To Ditto, for Lieut. General Hujke's Ditto -

To Ditto, for the First Battalion of the First Regiment of Foot Guards -To Ditto, for the Use of the Forces in North America, employed on an Expedition under the Command of Colonel Wolfe - -

To Ditto, for the Earl of Panmure's Regiment of Foot -To Ditto, for Major General Jefferyes's Ditto - -

To Ditto, for Major General Amherfi's Ditto - . - -

To Ditto, for the Light Troop of Lieut. General Bland's Dragoons To Ditto for Colonel La Faufdle's Regiment of Foot, in lieu of those delivered by him to the Royal Highlanders -To Ditto for the Light Troop of Sir John A1 or daunt's Regiment of Dragoons To Ditto for Major General Cornwallis's Regiment of Foot

To Ditto for late Lord Geo. Bentinck's Ditto - - ,

To Ditto for Major General Lambton's Ditto -To Ditto for the Earl of Loudoun's Ditto - -

To Ditto for Lord Charles Hay's Ditto -

To Ditto for Field Marshal Sir Robert Rich's Dragoons -To Ditto for Colonel Brudenel's Regiment of Foot -

For repairing and completing Camp Necessaries for Major General Howard's 1 ft and 2d Battalion of Foot To Camp Necessaries for the Augmentation of Lieut. General Leighton's Regiment of Foot - -

To Camp Necessaries for the Augmentation of Major General Dicroure's Regiment of Foot -

To Ditto for the Ditto of the Coldfiream Regiment offoot Guards

1,896

275 16 4

104 - — it

325 7

5>°52 13 9: Q

3 99 I O 8 i 8 G

399 5'9 izo I 8 7

62 9 6

7.8 10 4

254 9

215 18 u

157 t 8 11

150 h 0

107 u 7

435 1 ioJ

176 15 .11

7 36 n 9

l82 10 8

l82 10 8

65: 3 2;

5 First Battalion of the

Coldfiream Regiment of Foot Guards To 2oodfDitto for the Second Battalion of Ditto - -

To 100* Ditto for the late Lord Geo. Bentinck's Regiment of Foot To iood# Ditto for Major General CormvaUis's Ditto - -

To iood* Ditto for the Earl of Loudoun's Ditto -To iood* Ditto for Lord Charles Hay's Ditto -To 100^ Ditto for Colonel Parjlozv's Ditto -

To 1 oodJ Ditto for Colonel Petitot's Ditto....

To 100* Ditto for Major General William Whitmore's Ditto

To iood# Ditto for Lord Geo. Beauclerk's Ditto - -

To ioodl Ditto for Major General Hodgson's Ditto

To iood* Ditto for th6 Duke of Richmond's Ditto -

To 1 oo* Ditto for Lord Robert Manners's Ditto -

To iood* Ditto for laite Lieut. General Wolfe's Ditto -

To iood‘ Ditto for LordCharles Manners's Ditto -

To iood* Ditto for Colonel La Faujfille's Ditto -

To ioodi Ditto for Colonel Wolfe's Ditto - - '

To iood* Ditto for "Major General Holmes's Ditto - -

To iood* Ditto for Lieutenant General Leighton's Ditto - , -

To 200* Forage-money for the Second Battalion of the Third Regiment of Foot Guards - - ' .

To icod* for the Grenadiers of the First Battalion of Ditto Regiment -To Iood, Ditto for Lieutenant General Bocla?icF.s Regiment of Foot To iood* Ditto for the Earl of Effingham's Ditto - -

To iood* Ditto for the Companies of Hat Men of the First Regiment of Foot Guards - -

To iood* Ditto for thd Ditto of the Coldfiream Ditto -

To iood* Ditto for the Ditto of the Third Regiment of Ditto To 200* Ditto for the 2d and 3d Battalions of the First Regiment offoot Guards - -: . -

To iood* Ditto for the Grenadier Company of the First Battalion of the First Regiment of foot Guards - - - - , -

To iood* Ditto for Major Keith's Highland Cotps - -

To iood* Ditto for Major General Jeffbryes's Regiment of Foot To iood' Ditto for thfe Earl of Panmure's Ditto - 1 - ~ - -

To ioodB Ditto for Major General Lambton's 'Ditto

ai 10 —

465 —

205 — — 205 — 205 —

215. —

215 —

205 —

215 — 215 — 205 — 205 — 2x5 — 215 —

205 —

215 — — 205 — 215 —

215 —

465 —

22 10 —

215-----

215 — —

205 — — 202 10 — 202 IO---

885 — —

45-----

77 10 —

215-----

21 z-----

215 — —

A. 17S

£ s- d' 24*3^7---

tofiot 19

4i

To Forage for the General and Staff Officers, and Qfffcefs of the Hospital, in Britain - - - _ - L ’ - -

To Baggage Horses for the FirftJtegiment of FootGuards - -

To Ditto for the Coldfiream Regiment of Ditto - - - '

To Ditto for the Third Regiment jof Ditto - " -

To Baggage Horses for late Lord Geo. Bentinck's Regiment of Foot To Ditto for Major (general Ctoiiwallis's Ditto - " - ~

To Ditto for the Earl of Loudoun's Ditto* 1 - 1 - -

To Ditto for Lord Charks " - ~ " - "

Great

7M* 10 3*435 —

337 10

180 —

180 —

201 5

201 5

201 5

208 lS

To

33 Geo. II.

4* Decembris.

To Ditto for late Lieut. General Wolfe's Ditto - - - 208

To Ditto for Colonel La Fau (pile's Ditto - - - 208

To Ditto for late Colonel Wolfe's Ditto ----- 201

To Ditto for Major General William Whitmore's Ditto - 180

To Ditto for Lord Geo. Beauelerk's Ditto - - - 208

To Ditto for Major General Hodgson's Ditto - - 201

To Ditto for the Duke of Richmond's Ditto - 201

To Ditto for Lieut. General Borland's Ditto - 208

To Ditto for the Earl of Effingham's Ditto - - - - 208

To Ditto for Lord Robert Manners's Ditto - 208

To Ditto for Major General Holmes's. Ditto - 208

To.Ditto for Lieut. General Leighton's Ditto - *- - - 208

To Ditto for Lord Charles Manners's Ditto - 201

To Ditto for Colonel Parjlow's Ditto - - - - 208

To Ditto for Colonel Petitot's Ditto - - - - 201

To Ditto for the Company of Hat Men of the First Regiment of Foot Guards 150 To Ditto for the Ditto of Ditto of the Coldstream Ditto - - - 150

To Ditto for the Ditto of Ditto of the Third Regiment of Ditto - - 150

To Ditto for the Augmentation to Major General William Whitmore's Regiment of Foot - - - - 58

To Ditto for Major Keith's Highland Corps 86

To Ditto for Major General Jeffereyes's Regiment of Foot - - 238

To Ditto for the Earl of Panmnre's Regiment of Foot - - 238

To-Ditto for Major General Lambton's Ditto - - - 238^ 15 —

66$

15

5

*5

5

5

15

*5

15

*5

*5

5

l5

5

*5

5

i5

*5

— ' I & <k

To Bas Horses for the First Regiment of Foot Guards -

To Bas I lorfes for the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards -

Tor Ditto for the Third Regiment of Ditto - -

To Ditto for Lord Geo. Bentinck's Regiment of Foot -

To Ditto for Major General Cornwallis's Ditto -

To Ditto for the Earl of Loudoun's Ditto - -

To Ditto for Lord Charles Hay's Ditto - -

To Ditto for late Lieut. General Wolfe's Ditto - -

To Ditto for Colonel La Fauffille's Ditto -To Ditto for late Colonel Wolfe's Ditto - -

To Ditto for Major General William Whitmore's Ditto -To Ditto for Lord Geo. Beauclerk's Ditto -To Ditto for the Duke of Richmond's Ditto

To Ditto for Lieut. General Bocland's Ditto *-

To J)itto for the Earl of Effingham's Ditto -

To Ditto for Lord Robert Manners's Ditto -

To Ditto for Major General Hodgson's Ditto -

To Ditto for Major General Holmes's Ditto -

To Ditto for Lieut. General Leighton's Ditto -

To Ditto for Lord Charles Manners's Ditto - -

To Ditto for Colonel Parjlow's Ditto -To Ditto for Colonel Petitot's Ditto - -

To Ditto for the Companies of Hat Men of the First Regiment of Foot Guards To Ditto for the Ditto of Ditto of the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards To Ditto for the Ditto of Ditto of the Third Regiment of Foot Guards -To an additional Bas Horse for each Company of the First Regiment of Ditto To an additional Ditto for each Company of the Coldstream Regiment of Ditto To an additional Ditto for each Company of the Third Regiment of Ditto -To Bas Horses for the First Troop of Horse Guards -To Ditto for the Second Troop of Ditto To Ditto for the First Troop of Grenadier Ditto -To Ditto for the Second Troop of Ditto -

To Ditto for the Augmentation of Major General William Whitmore's Regiment of Foot - -

To Ditto for Major Keith's Highland Corps -To Ditto for Major General Jeffereyes's Regiment of Foot To Ditto for the Earl of Panmure's Ditto -

To Ditto for Major [General Lambton's Ditto - - r

To Mr. Oswald, Contfti&or for Bread; Forage, &c. for the Forces encamped last Summer, by way of Advance of Money due and payable to him To Mr. Calhcart, Director of the Hospitals in Great Britain, to enable him

to provide Uteofils?and Bedding for the several Hospitals - - 3,350 " *"*

To Ditto as Ditto for Ditto - ! - - - 2,700 — —

To Ditto as Ditto for Ditto - - - 1,000 — - —

5,886 5

220 — . no — no —

190 — loo —

190 —

190 —

1QO --

190 —

190 — no —

100 —

190 -190 —

190 '* —

190 —

190 —

100 —

190 —

190 —

190 —

190 —

90 —

90 —

90 —

280 —

180 —

180 —

3° —

30 —

30 —

30-----

80 —

7°

IQO —

I9O —

I90 —

To Major Caulfield, Inspector of the Roads in the Highlands of North

Britain, towards the Expence of building Brfdges there this Year - 2*319 16

To Ditto as Ditto for Ditto -. - - - 500 — —

To Mr. John Kembleyin Satisfaction of a Bill drawn by Henry Moore Esquire, Lieut. Governor oi Jamaica, for the Service of the Musquito Shore -Vol. 28. 8 G

5>7*° — —

3,000 — —

050

2,119

564

16 —

*9 —

T«

666

4" Decembris.

To she "Earl of Homo, for sundry Services relating to the Garrison of Gibraltar 3,124 1 2 To Mr. Tierney, for discharging Bills of Exchange drawn by the Earl of Home on him, which is to be applied towards the Redemption of Several of his Majesty’s Subjects, Captives in the Ernpire of Morocco To Mr. Tierney, for discharging Bills of Exchange drawn by the Earl of Home on him, which is to be applied towards the Redemption of several of his Majesty’s Subjects, Captives in the Empire o£Morocco To the Earl of Home, for sundry Services relating to the Garrison of Gibraltar

- 20,000 — —

22,200

M35

4 7i

To MonfieurAtl, in still Satisfaction and Discharge of all Claims and Demands, on Account of the 7th Article of the Treaty made with the Landgrave of Hrffe Cajjel the 18 th June 1755 To Mr. Gamier, Apothecary General, for Medicines and Materials by him provided for the Forces in North A me rich, Germany, Africa, and in the West Indies, under the late Major General Hopfon, the Hospitals in the Isle of Wight, &a in the Year 1758 To John Cakraft. Esquire, for his Majesty’s Proportion on 690 and Chald. Coals sent to GibraVar, at £.2.. 12. per Chaldron ----- 1,794 13 —

To Ditto for Ditto, on 1,020 arid £ Chaldron of Coals, at £. 2. 12. per Chaldron, delivered at Gibraltar in March and April 1759 - - 2,652 13 —

To Mr. Willan, Contractor for Bread, Bread Waggons, Forage, &c. for the Troops this Summer, by way of Imprest, Kc. - - - 10,000 — —

To Ditto for Ditto - - - - 7,000 — —

To Robert Gardiner Esquire, for providing Bread, Bread Waggons, and Horses, for the Forces encamped in several Parts of North Britain - - - - 3,000 — —

To Ditto, for Necessaries for the Forces in Ditto - 743 2 10

To Matthew Woodford Esquire, for victualling 360 Men at Annapolis Royal, Officers included, from the ift of October, to the 31st of December, 1758, by way of Imprest, and upon Account - 828 — —

To Ditto, for Ditto, from ift January to 31st Mar. 1759, by way of D* - 810 — -5-

To Ditto, for Ditto, froiri ilt Apr. to 30th June 1759, by way of - 819 — —

To Chauncy Townfend Esquire, for victualling the Augmentation to late Major Genera] Hopfon's Regiment in Nova Scotia, consisting of 785"Men, from 24th December 1758, to 23d Mar. 1759, by way of Imprest, SCc. - - - - 1,766 5 —

To Ditto, for Ditto, from 24th Mar. to 23d June 1759, by way of D* - 1,805 10 —

To Ditto, for Ditto, from 24th June to 23d Sept. 1759, by way of D® - 1*805 10 —

To William Baker Esquire, for victualling the Forces in Nova Scotia (exclusive of late Major General Hopfon's Regiment), from 2d 06t. to 24th of December 175 8, by way of Imprest, and upon Account ----- 14*174 12 6

To Ditto, for Ditto,between 25th December 1758, and 21st January 1759,:

by way of D° - - - - -s. *2,81366

To Ditto, for Ditto, between 22d January, and 10th June, 1759, by way of D* 19,666 11 6

To Ditto, for Insurance, between the 8th of August 1757, and the 6th of

August 1758 - - - 4.375 1 4

To Meftieurs William and Richard Baker, and Christopher Kilby, Esquires, for srovisions issued by them to the Forces in North America, from the 29th August, to nth December, 1758, upon Account - - - - 13,004 3 2

To Ditto, for Ditto, from 28th October 1758, to 31st December following - 31,528 6 6

To Ditto, for Ditto, issued to Ditto, between ift January, and 1 ith Feb.

1759 - " " " 9>356 10 —

To Ditto, for Provisions damaged by unavoidable Accidents during the Siege

of Louifbourg i - - - - 2,319 14 8

To Ditto, for Ditto issued'to the Forces betweeen the 10th of December 1758,

and the 6th of March 1759, upon Account - 6,968 19 —

To Ditto, for several Shecies and Quantities of Provisions, which were shipped at Louifbourg, by Order of General Whitmore, for the Die of the Troops in the Island of St. John's, and which were loft in their Patfage thither - 33 & — 11

To Meftieurs William and Richard Baker, and Christopher Kilby, Esquires, for Provisions delivered into the Stores in the Garrison of Louifbourg, by Order of General Whitmore, for the 'Use of the Troops there - - 5,698 8 7

To Ditto, for Ditto, which belonged to them, and which were damaged, and condemned as unfit for the Use of the Troops, by Means of long keeping, and Want of Storehouses at the several Pods on the Mohawk and Htidson's River, beyond Albany, between 7th Apr. 1757, and 5th December 1758, on Account - - - - 7*938 15 I

To Ditto, for Ditto issued to the Forces, between 5th March 1759, and 10th

May following, upon Account ----- 4,885 2 — i

To Ditto, for Ditto, between 9th May, and 7th June, 1759 - 3,525 ,2 6

To Ditto, for Ditto, from 12th February, to 25th March, 1759 - - 14,984 11 6

To Ditto, for Ditto, from 26th March, to 6th May, 1759 - - - 20,302 8 -

To Ditto, for Ditto, from Ditto to Ditto - - - - 171 g

To Ditto, for Ditto, from 7th May, to 17th June *759 - 25,562 8

j. 1759-

4S»i59 *7 3*

48,53a 1 4

4,085 — *©$

4.447 6 —

17,000 — —

3.743 10

M57-----

5.377 5 —

41,029 11 10

To

J

33 Geo. II.

4° Decembris.

To Ditto, for Ditto, from Ditto,to Ditto

657 13 5

To Anthony Bacon Esqtiire, for ProviQons issued by him for the Troops at Senegal, by way of Advance, 8Cc. - - *. - - 5,000 —

To Ditto, for Ditto, by way of Ditto - - - - 10,000-----

To Ditto, for Ditto, by way of Ditto 6,000 — -

To Ditto, to be by him laid out for several Goods and Merchandize, to be consigned to the Governor of Senegal, in Africa, to be disposed of by him in Presents to the Negroe Princes and Chiefs in the Neighbourhood of

Senega land Gorec

To Anthony Bacon Esquire, for Provisions furnished by him for the Troops

in Garrison in the Forts on the River Senegal.

2,000 — —

9>oooo-----

To Messieurs Nefbit and Co'lebrooke, for victualling the Garrisons of Louijbourg and St.

by way of Advance, 8Cc. - - - - 12,000

To Ditto, towards the Cod and Charge of transporting 3,000 Chaldron of

Coals for the Use of the Garrison of Louijbourg - - 2,000

John's,

To Hemy Budd, for Six Months Stores and Provisions lodged in the Castle of Jersey, to the 14th March 1759 - 234 3 6f

To Ditto, for Ditto lodged in Ditto, to 14th Sept. 1759. - - 234 3

To Ditto, for Ditto lodged in the Castle of Guernsey, to the 14th February

1759 - " " - - - - 234 3

To Ditto, for Ditto lodged in Ditto, to 14th Augitjl 1759 - - 234 3

6|

To Messieurs Walpole, Mellish, and Touchit, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all Demands for Commission, and other Charges w hutsoever, for Bills furnished by them on Amsterdam, between the 6th of August 175s, and the 2ill of December following, amounting to the Sum of £. 113,000, for Pay, Sic. of the British Troops in Germany -To Messieurs Tomlinson, Ilanhunj, Nejbit, and Colebrooke, to be by them remitted in Specie to North America, for extraordinary Services - 12,632 15 —

To Ditto, for Ditto Services 15,000-----

To Ditto for Dhto Services - , - 37,000-----

To Ditto, for Ditto Services 28,000-----

To 588* Off reckonings for Col. Gage's light armed Foot - - 2,245 1 7

To 292* Ditto, for tile Additional to Major General William Whitmore's

Regiment of Foot - - 427 8 1

To 2024’ Off-reckonirigsfor the Additional to the Coldstream Regiment of

Foot Guards - 424 9 1

To 202d* Ditto for the Ditto to the Third Regiment of Ditto - 424 9 2

To 202* Ditto for the Ditto to the First Regiment of Ditto - - 660 5 6

To 383d* Ditto for the Ditto to Major General Jeffereyes's Foot - 560 12 —

To 27id* Ditto for the Ditto to Col. Craufurd's Light Infantry - , - 887 — 9

To 257d‘ Ditto, for Col. Craufurd's Light Infantry - 2,117 — 7

7°9 4 9 5 51 5

To the Earl of Effingham s Regiment of Foot, to replace Swords and Accoutrements loft on the Expedition to the Coast of France -

To the First Battalion of the First Regiment of Foot Guards, for Ditto loft on Ditto -

To the First Battalion of the Coldstream Regiment of Ditto, for Ditto loft on Ditto -

To the late Colonel Wolfes Regiment of Foot, for Ditto loft on Ditto -To the Third Regiment of Foot Guards, for Ditto loft on Ditto -To Lord Robert Manners's Regiment of Foot, for Ditto loft on Ditto To Major General Lambton's Ditto, for Ditto loft on Ditto To Lord Charles Hay's Ditto, for Ditto loft on Ditto -To the Earl of Loudoun's Ditto, for Ditto loft on Ditto To Major General Cornwallis's Ditto, for Ditto loft on Ditto To late Lord Geo. Bentinck's Ditto, for-Ditto loft on Ditto To Sir John Mordaunt's Light Troop, to replace Swords and Accoutrements loft on the Expedition to the Coast of France To Lieut. General Bland's Ditto, for Ditto, loft on Ditto To the Earl of Albemarle's Ditto, for Ditto loft on Ditto t

To Sir Charles Howard's Ditto, for Ditto loft on Ditto -To the Duke of Richmond's Regiment of Foot, for Ditto loft on Ditto -To Lieut. General Cholmondeley's Light Troop, for Ditto loft on Ditto -To the First Battalion of the Third Regiment of Foot Guards, for Ditto loft on Ditto - -

To the late Second Battalion of the Earl of Ejffinghatn's Regiment of Foot, for Ditto loft on Ditto -To Lieut. Colonel Burgoyne's Regiment of Light Dragoons, for Horse furniture, and Accoutrements, for 316 Horses, at £. 5. 16. 9. each eluding Package and Carriage -

To Horse Furniture, and Accoutrements, for the Additional to the Regiments of Dragoon Guards ai^d Dragoons

Vox.. 28.

860

301

275

356

284

345

375.

265

280

*3

495

121

56

4*9

*43

1

1

2 8 7

t

*5

4

11

2

16

4

9

10

5

2

9

4

10

1

5

1

.9

288 14 —

3$ 4

in-

- 1,84413 —

4,170 9

66j

*47>234 *3 1

32,000 — —

14,000 — —

936 14 2

92,632 15 —

7,746 6 9

To

668 4° Decembris.

To Ditto, for Major General Elliott's Light Dragoons - - -1,174146

To Ditto, for the Serjeants, Corporals, and private Men, added to the Light

Troops of the Eleven Regiments of Dragoons - 2,024-----

To Ditto, for 14 8 Men added to Lieute. Col. Burgoyne's Regiment of Light

Dragoons, at /. 5. 16. 9. each - - - 922 6 6

To the Marquis of Granby, to replace the Horsesof his Regiment loft in their Pass«ige to Embden by the Glanders, and by Accidents in the Field during the last and present Campaign in Germany -To Lieut. General Campbell, for Ditto -

To Sir John Mor daunt, for Ditto -

To Lieut. General Cholmondeley, to replace Horses loft going to Embden -To Ditto, for Ditto, during the Campaign 1758

To 12 Months Pay of the Supernumerary Captains belonging to the Regiments in Great Britain, occasioned by the Alteration of the Establiftiments from Ten to Nine Companies in each Regiment, from the 25th of June 1758, to 24th of June 1759 -To 166ds A llowance to Lord Lindores, in lieu of a Company in his Regiment of Invalids, from the 25th of December 1758, to the 8th of June 1759, at l0S-Per Diem - 83-----

To 365*’ Ditto of Major William Godfrey, in lieu of a Ditto in Colonel Parker s Regiment of Invalids, from the 25th of December 1758, to 24th December 1759, at 10 s. per Diem - - - 182 10 —

To Henry Wauchope Esquire, Barrack-master at Plymouth, for several

Utenliis there J - - - ii6 10 —

To Ditto, for Coals and Candles for the Forces at Ditto - - 500-----

To Ditto, for Ditto at Ditto - - - - 1,000-----

2.569 r3 —

335 10 —

290 IO —

510-----

396 ir —

To Mr. Vardy, Surveyor of the Horse Guards, 8ic. for Work done at Whitehall, Horse Guards, and Kensington, &c. - - - - 1,083 5 11

To Ditto, for Ditto at Ditto - - - 1,119 6 7

To the Pay of the General and Staff Officers appointed to attend the Forces in Germany, to the 29th of October 1758 ----- 2,124 ig —

To Ditto, for Ditto, to the 24th of December 1758 ... 1,028 1 4

To the Pay of the additional General and Staff Officers in Great Britain, to

the 24th of December 1758 - - - 13,225 15 7

To the Pay of the General Staff Officers, on an Expedition under the Command of the late Duke of Marlborough, from the 18 th of May, to the 12th ofjuly, 1758 - - - - 1,078 — —

To Ditto of Ditto, on an Expedition under the Command of Lieut. General

Bligh, from 13th July, to the 21st of Sept. 1758 - 1,365 11 4

To Ditto for General and Staff Officers in North America, to the 2 4th of

December 1758 - 6*275 15 —

,300-----

500-----

200-----

500 — —

2,442 2 2

717-----

1,580-----

To the late Major General HopforUs Bill, on account of Necessaries provided for the Expedition to Gaudeloupe under his Command -

To Ditto’s Ditto, on account of Ditto -To Ditto’s Ditto, on account of Ditto -

To Dittos Ditto, on account of Ditto -

To Messieurs Lascelles and Maxwell, for the Discharge of a Bill drawn by Major General Barrington for 150 Hogsheads of Rum for the Use of the Forces under his Command -To Major General Barrington's Bill, on account of Necessaries provided for the Forces under his Command -To Mr. Morse's Ditto, on account of Ditto for Ditto -To Clark Gayton Esquire, Capt.of his Majesty’s Ship the St. George, being in full for the Freight of /. 28,190. 9. 4. at One per Cent. 281 18 1

To Richard Matthews Esquire, Capt. of his Majesty’s Ship the Arundel, for the Freight of/. 5,000. at One per Cent.

from Gaudeloupe to Barbadoes - - - 50-----

IThomas Taylor Esquire, Capt. of his Majesty’s Ship the

Griffin, for Freight of /. 6,000. at One per Cent. - 60 — —

To Thomas Burnett, Capt. of his Majesty'sShip Cambridge, for Freight of /. 3,060. at One per Cent. from Prince Rupert's Bay Dominico to the Bay of Fort Lewis Grande Terre - - - - 30 — —

T o Clark Gayton Esquire, Capt.of his Majesty’s Ship the St.

George, for Freight of /. 2,500, at One per Cent, from GaudeloujK to Dominico - - - - 25 — —

To Thomas Burnet Esquire, Captain of his Majesty’s Ship the Cambridge, for Freight of /.9,000, at One perCent. from Prince Rupert's Bay at Dominico, to the Bay of Fort George at GrandeTerre, due to Edward Le Crass Esquire,

Capt. of his Majesty’s Ship die Winchester - - go r-----

To Mr. Morse, on account of Contingencies for the Forces at Gaudeloupe -

536^18 1

30-----

A- 1759

£. s. d.

*6.394 4 —

4,102 4 —

5,424 10

265 10 —

1,616 10 —

2,202 12 6

25,098 Z i

To

33 Geo. II.

Decembris.

To Dittos on account Of Ditto, for Ditto at Ditto - -

To Mr. Barnes, Coramilfary of the Ordnance Stores, for the Pay of Artificers and Labourers employed in repairing the Fort - - - 3 -

To George Corryn Esquire, upon Account, for the Use of the Hospital for the Troops - - - - , ' -

To Col. William Dowling, upon Account of Necessaries provided, and to be provided, in the Island of Barbadoes, for the Services of the Expedition To George Corryn Esquire* for the Use of the Hospital for the Forces - -

To Mr. Barnes, Commissary of the Ordnance Stores, for the Pay of Artificers and Labourers employed in repairing the Fort - - - «.

To the late Governor Debtifay, upon Account of the Expences of Fort Royal at Bajeterre, and of the Forces under his Command -To George Cornm Esquire, upon Account of the* Expences of the Hospital for the Forces - -

To Mr. Morse, for Contingencies for the Use of the Forces . -

To George Corryn, upon Account of the Expences of the Hospital for the Use of the Forces - -

To Lieut. William Maxwellr, for the Siibfistence of the Commission'Officers and Serjeants of the Troops font from Antigua, to the 19th of April

1759 " - - - - -: - "

To Mr. Nicholas Fallon, for Ditto of the Officers and Men of the Troops font from the Island of St. Christophers t6 the Joth of April -

To George Corryn Esquire, on Account of the Exper\ces of the Hospital for the Forces ——

To Lieut. William Mdxwell, for 32d9 Siibfistence of the Commission Officers and Serjeants of the Troops font from Antigua, from 19th April 1759, to 20th May following - -

To Mr. William Warner, in full for Provisions supplied by him and Mr. Robert Brown for the Use of th6 Forces, and for several Sums of Money paid by them for the contingent Expences of the Expedition - ‘ -

To Col. William Dowli??£, in full for 33 Hpgffieads of Rilm supplied by Gedney Clerk Esquire of Barbadoes, for the Use of the Forces -; -

To John Barnes Esquire; upon Account, for the Pay of the Artificers and / Labourers employed in repairing Fori Royal, Fort George, Sic.

To Mr. Morfe\ upon Account, for various contingent Services of tile Expedition, and for Forage-money for the F6rces -

To Col. William Dowling, upon Account of Necessarjes provided "at Barbadoes for the Forces - - - . - -

To Mr. Nicholas Fallon, in full for the Subsistence, Arrears, and all contingent Expences, of the Troops font from the Island of St. Christopher's to reinforce the Army at Guadeloupe " - -

Td John Price, in full of the Hire of the Britannia armed Vessel for 83d*', from the 3d of April 1739, to the 26th of June following, both mclusive, at £.5. Sterling per Diem, and other contingent Expences of the Vessel To Mr. John Shaw, in full for the Premiums allowed to the 'Antigua Volunteers for taking 75 French Prisonehs of War -J

To sundry Bills drawn byGeorge Durant. Esquire for the Service of the Troops ‘ employed on this Expedition - ' :-

£ d.

100 —

; 150 — —

5°o - —

5.000 -

750-----

350 — ' —

2.000 -

500 -

200 — —

500 — —

98 19 — 464 10 — 1,500 — —

I05 14 —

36,319 14 9

628 7; 3

' 252 79 -9

'5,200 '

13,000 — —

1,989 6 —

439 10 — 380 — — 4,904 8 10

66$

To 183d* Pay of the Augmentation to* the Eleven Light Troops of Dragoons, June, to the 24th of Decembet, 1759, at £-35. 12. 3. per Diem To 183d* Ditto of the Augmentation to the First Regiment of Foot Guards, from Ditto to Ditto; at £. i 3. 6. per Diem -To 183d* Ditto of the Augmentation to the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards, from Ditto to.Ditto, at £.8. 11. per Diem -To 183d* Ditto of the Augmentation to the Third Regiment of Foot Guards, from Ditto to Ditter; at Ditto Rate" -To 365" Pay of Lieut. Colonel Coote'S Battalion of Foot, from 25 December 1758 to 24th December ‘1759, at",£.50: — 10. per Diem To 313’* Pay of Major General Whitmore's Regiment of Foot from Ireland, from 15th February, to 24th December, 1759, a £.41. 14. 10. per Diem - - - - -

To 183d5 Pay £0 the Augmentation T:o Ditto Regiment, from 25th June, to 24th December 1759. at £.8. 11.6. per Diem

To 157d* Pay of Colonel Craiifurd's Regiment of Eight Infantry, from 21st July, to 24th December, 1759, at £.55. ’5* per Diem -To 143d* Pay of the Augmentation to Ditto Regiment, from the 4th of August, to 24th December, 1759, at £21. 10. 2. per Diem To 122d* Pay of Lieut. Col. Worges Battalion of Foot, from 25th of August, to 24th December, 1759, at £.49. 19. 4. per Diem

To i22d# Pay of Major Keith's Highland Battalion, from 25th August, to 24th December, 1759, at £.16. 18. 2. per Diem -To 92di Pay of the Augmentation to Major General Jefferyes's Regiment of Foot, from 24th Sept, to 24th December, 1759, at £8. 11. 6. per

from the 25th of

Diem Vol. _z8.

8 H

6,517 1 9

2.433 18 —

1*564 13 —

1,564 13 —

18,265 4 2

13,065 2 10

1,569 4 6

8,752 15 —

3,075 ’3 10

6,095 18 8

2,062 16 4

CO OO 18

3,139 7

T*

4

4° Decembr

6 70

£. s. d. 788 18 — 3,62* 10 —

i>736 9 4

1.116 6 —

1.116 6 — 3.640 5 4

10th March, to 24th December, 1759, at £.54. 9. 8. per Diem - - 15,800 3 4

To 304*' Pay of the Second Battalion of Lord Forbes*s Regiment of Foot, from 24th 061. 1758, to 25th August 1759, the Day they were incorporated in Lieut. Col. Worge*s Battalion - 6.970 8 1

To 76d‘ Pay of Lord Aberdour*s Light Dragoons, from the 10th 061. to,

24th December, 1759* at ^.14. 16. per Diem. - - - 1,124 16 —

To 183d* Pay of the Dorsetshire Militia, from the 20th of June, to the 24th

of December, 1759, at £.31. 12. 4 per Diem - - - - 5,943 18 8

To i88d* Ditto of the Wiltshire Ditto, from Ditto to Ditto, at£.35. 1. per

Diem - - - - _ - - - - 6,589 8 —

To 187^ Ditto of the First Battalion of the Devon/hire Ditto, from 21st June, r to 24th December, 1759, at £.24. 17. 10. per Diem - - - 4.654 14 10

To 18 7* Ditto of the Second Battalion of Ditto, from Ditto to Ditto, at,

£.17. 17. 2. per Diem - - 3,339 10 2

To 187^ Ditto of the Third Battalion of Ditto, from Ditto to Ditto, at;

£.22. 1. 10. per Diem - - - . 4,131 2 10

To 187* Ditto of the Fourth Battalion of Ditto, from Ditto to Ditto, at

£.19. 17. 2. per Diem - 3,620 — 2

To 187* Ditto of the Two Battalions of the Norfolk Ditto, from Ditto to Ditto, at £.54. g. 4. per Diem ----- .10,147 *7 4

To 186d‘ Ditto for the West Kent Ditto, from the 22d of June, to the 24th 1

of December, 1759, at £.29. 5. 10. per Diem ----- 5,448 5 — -

To 176^ Ditto for the Richmmdjliire Ditto, from the 2d of July, to 24th

December, 1759, at £.21. 1. 2. per Diem - - - 3,706 5 4

To i75d' Pay of the Two Battalions of the Somersetshire Militia, from 3d r

July, to 24U1 December, 1759, at £.40.. 14. 8. per Diem - 7,128 6 8

To 175d- Ditto of the Surrey Militia, From the 3d of July, to the 24th of

December, 1759, at £.34. 7. per Diem - - - - 6,on 5 —

To 2 76d* Ditto of the Clevland and Bulmer Ditto, from the 2d of Jk/y to

24th December, 1759, at £.21. 1. 2. per Diem - - - - 3,706 g 4

To 172*' Pay of the Warwickshire Ditto, from the 6th of JWy, to 24th December, 1759, at £.29. 15. 4. per Diem - - - - 5,119 17 4

To 153d* Ditto of the Bei'kshire Ditto, from the 25th of July, to 24th December, 1759, at £.26. 14. 6. per Diem - - - - 4,088 18 6

To 153d* Ditto of the South Part of the Gloucestershire Ditto, from Ditto to,

Ditto, at £.23. 6. per Diem - 3,564 18 — -

To iiid* Ditto of a Battalion of the West Riding of the County of York Ditto,

from 5th Sept, to 24th December, 1759, at ^.23. 3. 8. per Diem - - 2,573 7 —

To md* Ditto of a Battalion of Ditto, from Ditto to Ditto, at £.23. 3, 8.

per Diem - - - - - 2,573. 7 —

To 11 ida Ditto of a Battalion of Ditto, from Ditto to Ditto, at £.21. 10* 8.

per Diem - - - 2,30 4 —

To 78"* Ditto of the Hertfordshire Ditto, from the 8th of 06lober, to 24th

December, 1759, at £.28. 7. per Diem ----- 2,21* 6 —

To 78ds Ditto of the First Battalion of the Suffolk Ditto, from Ditto to Ditto,

at £.27. 14. 8. per Diem.....- - 2,163 4 —

To 73d' Ditto of the Second Battalion of Ditto, from Ditto to Ditto, at f

£27. 14. 8. per Diem - - ^2,163 4 —

To 67^ Ditto of the Huntingdonshire Militia, from the 19th of October, to

24th December, 1759, at £.18. — 10. per Diem 1,208 15 10

To 59d' Ditto of the North Battalion of the Lincolnjkire Ditto, from 27th

October, to 24th December, 1759, at £.28. 15. 4. per Diem - - 1,697 4 8

To 59d* Ditto of the South Battalion of Ditto, from Ditto to Ditto, at

£.28. 15. 4. per Diem - 1,697 4 8

To 59d* Ditto of the Two Battalions of the.Ejffex Ditto, from Ditto to Ditto,

at £-54; 5* 4- per Diem.....- 3,201 14 8

To 59ds Ditto of the Cheshire Militia, from the 27th of 06lober, to the 24th -

of December,' 1759, at £.27. 7. 10. per Piein - ' V - - 1,616 . 2 2

To 02dl Pay of the Augmentation to the Earl of Panmure's Regiment of l^oot, from Ditto to Ditto, at Ditto Rate - - - > -

lo 92d* Pay of Colonel Burgoyne's Regiment of Light Dragoons, from Ditto to Ditto, at £.39. 7. 6., per Diem -

To 122d* Pay of the Augmentation to each of the Companies of the First Regiment of Foot* Guards, from the 25th of August, to the 24th of December, 1759. at £. 14. 4. 8. per Diem - -

To 122d‘ Pay of the* Augmentation to each of the Companies of the Cold-Jlream Regiment of Foot,from the 25th of August, to the 24th of December, 1749, at £.g. 3. per Diem -To 122d* Pay of the Augmentation to each of the Companies of the Third Regiment of Foot: Guards, from Ditto to Ditto, at Ditto Rate To 73d' Pay of Col. Stuates Long Morris*s Highland Battalion, from 13th of 06lober, to 24th December, 1759, at £.49, 17. 4. per Diem -To 290^ Pay of Major General Elliott* s Regiment of Light Dragoons, from

d. *759.

£ s-

101,67a 1 a

t 1

100,696 7 a

3'3 Gr.o. II.

4" Decembris.

To fin Addition to the parliamentary Alio ance for clothing- the Surrey Militia, that the . Men may be suppliod #ith the several Articles of Clothing usually furnished to other Regiments of Foob - - - - 859 11

To Ditto for* the Wpft Riding of the County of Yoi'k, Ditto for Ditto ~ 473 6

To Ditto-for a Battalion of Ditto, for Ditto - - - - 484, 16

To* Ditto for a Ditto of Ditto, for Ditto - - - - ~ - 473- 6

To Ditto for a Ditto of Ditto, for Ditto - - - 818 1,5

To Ditto for the Two Battalions of the Norfolk Ditto, for Ditto - - 1,007 10

To Ditto for the South Battalion of the Gloucestershire Ditto, for Ditto - 518 1

To Ditto for the West Kent Ditto, for Ditto - - - 721 4

To Ditto for the «S,o77ae7yi?/////re Ditto, for Ditto - - «» - 874.14

To Ditto for the Berkshire Ditto, for Ditto - - . - - — 684 5

To Ditto for the Clevland and Bulmer Ditto, for Ditto - - - . - 426 — ,

To Ditto for the Richmondfiire Ditto, for Ditto - - - 426, —

To Ditto for the Dorsetfhvre Ditto, for Ditto - - - - 781 $6

To Ditto for the Hertfordshire Ditto, for Ditto - - . 683 1

To Ditto for the Firijt Battalion of Devonshire Ditto, for Ditto - 503 10

To Ditto' for the Second Battalion of Ditto, for Ditto - - - - 417 1

To Ditto for the Third- Battalion of Ditto, for Ditto - * ' - - 468 6

To Ditto for the Fourth Battalion of Ditto, for Ditto - - - . - 402 5

To Ditto for the Wm'wickshire Ditto, for Ditto - *- - 771 5

To Dittofor a Battalion of the Suffolk Ditto, for Ditto - . «. - - 529 —

To Ditto for a Ditto of the Ditto, for Ditto - . 1 - 529 —

To iood‘ Forage for the Wiltshire Militia -

To Mr. Trotter, for providing divers Camp Necessaries for the Militia -To tine Earl of Orford,~[or so much expended by him in the Marches of the Norfolk Militia To Robert Boyd Esquire, late Com miliary for Bread and Bread Waggons for the Hejfurn Troops, to complete his Pay, together with that of his Secretary, from the 4th of January, to the inth of February, 1758, at the Rate of £.3. 10. per Diem, and the further Allowance of £.42 for his Expences in Eftafettes, &c. - -

To John Calcraft. Esquire, for the Discharge of a Bill drawn by Worge EsquiFe, Governor of Senegal, for Presents for foe Inhabitants there - -

To John Calcraft Esquire, to reiroburfe him the like Sum paid by him to the Officers and private Men of Sir William Pepperell*s Regiment whihl they were Prisoners in France -To, Dittb, for Ditto of Lieut. General Shirley's Ditto, whilst they were Prisoners in France To William Shirley Esquire, in Reimbursement of his Expence in providing himself an Equipage as Coiqmander in Chief in North America -

To Messieurs Bernard and Mellidge, in Satisfaction of several Certificates given by Governor Ellis for Pay of the Officers and Rangers in Georgia, and other contingent Expences there To Mr. Fitter, in Satisfaction of several Certificates drawn by Lieut. Col. Heron, formerly Commander in Chief of the Forces in Georgia, for Services performed there by Messieurs Smil/iy-Gordon, &c. " ——

To Messieurs Barnard and: Mellidge* Messieurs Da Costa and Farr, Messieurs Morel and Hooper, Mr. John Morel, Messieurs John and James Graham, and John Shefnal, for several Bills of Exchange for Services performed in the Province of Georgia, as fpppified in the said respective Bills, in full Satisfaction and Discharge thereof - -

To Mr. Thompson, to satisfy a Certificate of the Governor of Georgia, in Part of Pay due to John Barnard for the Troop of Ranged under his Command, between the 16th of September 1756, pud the'16th of February - -

To Major Mason, late Governor of Fort Lewis on the River Senegal, towards reimbursing his Charges in cnftomary and necessary Expences for Presents to several Kings and Princes of the Moors and Negroes there -

To 1 i6ds Allowance to Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, as Superintendent of Forage, &c. for the combined Army under Prince Ferdinand, from the 6th of January, to the 20th of June, 1759, atj£Vib; per Diem - - - - -

To Major James Money, for 6od‘ Allowance to 3 Capt. Lieutenants, 4 Lieutenants, and Ensigns, ordered to go with Draughts to Africa, to enable them to provide Necef-- fories for their Voyage ——

To Nicholas Magens, Merchant, to be by him remitted and paid over to his Serene Highness Duke Ferdinand of Bmtnswick, as a Mark of his Majesty’s Royal Favour, and Satisfaction for the Services performed by hisSerene Highness at the Battle of Thomhaufen the iftofAuguJt To Thomas Lejlie Esquire, by way of Advance for Prpvisions laid up by him in Store in Fort George, in North Britain, for the Supply of the Forces there, according to Con trad To Gaspar Joel Monod 91^ Pay as Chaplain to tile Garrifpu of Guadeloupe, from 25th June, to 23d Sept, 1759, at 6s. 8 d. per Diem -

To the Marquis of Gmnbir, to provide himself with an Equipage as Commander in Chief of the Brili/k Forces \n Germany ——

To Ditto, for his Contingencies as Ditto ——

To Mr. Bowerljank-,so r inmi n t a i ni n g the Bedding belonging to the Office of Ordnance in the Town and Garrifojvpf Portsmouth, for providing and repairing divers Utensils for the Use of the I^rracks, and for furn.ifh.ing Coals apd Caudfes for the Forces in the said Barracks To Mr. Lee, for receiving such ruptured Sofoiers as shall be sent to his Hospital, for the Yeqr 1759 r ——

To Mps. At111 Cmningham, in regard so the Loss (he fiffiained by the Death of her Husband, late JLieu,t. Cpl. C\inmng!iam9 Engineer so Cfoef to the Expedition against A{ar-tinico, wherein he loft his Life - - " - ' ‘ -A

VoL* 28.

s< dk

12,852 19 fl 197 10 — -

*>394 xi 7 294 18 3

456 — —

6it 10 6

1,320 lit 3,400 14 u

j,oooo — — 469 9 t

223 17 9 1,006 8 5

200 —

2,000 — —

1,660-----

109 10 —

20,000-----

3,500 — r-r

30 6 8

1,000 — —

2,000 — — r

688 16 9 200 ——

672'

4° Decembris.

To Philip Adolph Miinchaufen for an additional Allowance over and above the Sum of ^.15,170. 19. 3 provided in the Estimate laid before Parliament for the Charge of 38,000 Men of the Troops of Hanover, &c. for the Year 17.593 fof an extraordinary Allowance of Half a Pound of Meat per Diem per Man - " -

To Lord George Sackvilic's Contingencies, as Commander in Chief in Germany To Thomas Lcfiie Esquire,'for Fire and Candles for the Forces in North Britain -To Colonel Newton, Governor of the Garrison of Gorce, for Presents made by him to the African Kings - -

To Major General Abercrombie, to provide an Equipage for himself, as Commander in Chief in North America -To Major General Amherst, Xox Dittos as Ditto in Ditto

To Governor Collingzcood, for Coals for the additional Troops in the Island of Jersey 1 0 Lieut. Governor Mylne, for Ditto in Guernsey - - - - f

To Admiral Bofcazven, due to him for Surpludage of his Account, as Commander in Chief of the Forces employed in an Expedition to the East Indies, between October 1747, and April 1750 -

To 234*’ Pay of Col. James Durand, as Commiss, of Mullers to the Hanoverians, &c. to the 24th June 1759 - -

To Capt. Francis llalket, for his Pay as Major of Brigade in North America, from 24th Sept, to 24th December, 1754, at 10s. per Diem < - -

To Major General Carr, for Necessaries for the Three Battalions of Foot Guards in So-merfet-house and Savoy Barracks, to the 24th of June 1759 -

To Lord Charles Hay's Regiment of Foot, for 500 Waifteoats in lieu of their old Coats worn out on Shipboard -

To John Calcraft Esquire, for Bills drawn on him for Cloathing and Accoutrements,provided for the 47th Regiment of Foot by Order of Major General Amheift, to replace ^those taken by a French Privateer - -

To Major General Holmes, for Balance of his Account for Wood and Straw provided for the Troops encamped in the Isle of Wight 1758 -

To Lieut. General Conway, for travelling and incident Expences in going to Sluys to settle a Cartel for the Exchange of British and French Prisoners of War -Tp the Paymaster General, for so muchidued by him for 90 Men, Part of the Draughts 'sent to recruit th£ Regiments in North America 1757, who were rejected, died, or deserted, and therefore could not be charged to the Account of any Regiment To the Pay of 25 Lieutenants, ordered to go with Draughts to North America on their 'joining their respective Regiments ——

To the Right honourable William Pitt, to replace so much issued by him to Rear Admiral ' Bojcawcn, Tor the Subsistence of Twelve Independent Companies under his Command on an Expedition to the East Indies 1747, and which Wd been applied by the said Admiral to 'the contingent Expence of the said Expedition To 6Sd* Pay of Major General Abercrombie, his Two Aids de Camp, and Secretary, from the 25th of December 1758, to the 2d of March 1759, the Day he arrived in England, at ik. 10. per Diem ——

To Lodes fullained by the subaltern Officers of the Grenadier Companies at the Affair of St. Cqfs, by Clothes and Effects taken by the Enemy -

To John Calcraft Esquire, for so much di{bursed by him on account of Draughts sent to -Ntfrtli Amei'ica in 1757, and for providing Slop Clothing, &c. for sundry Prisoners in France -

To Benjamin Martin Esquire, for Pay Bills for Boatmen, Sic. and Provisions for the Use of "Th^Detachment from the Companies in South Carolina - -

To Mr. Vardy, for Furniture and Necessaries in fitting up the Office of the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, in the Horse Guards -To Captains BarfordznA Patterson's Companies in late Major General Elliot's Regiment of Foot, for Lodes sustained on board the Ship Joseph, which was stranded in Studland Bay, on her Padage to West Indies To i"75dl Pay to Capt. John Forbes, as Secretary to the late Governor of Senegal, from the 25th July 17/58, to 15th January 1759, at 10s. per Diem -

To Major General Barrington, to provide himself with an Equipage, as Commander in Chief on an Expedition to Guadeloupe -

To an additional Allowance of if. per Diem to the Surgeons Mates of the Forces on th e British Establishment during the War, from the 25th of June, to the 24th of December, 1758 To 32t>d* Pay of the General arid Stad Officers on the Expedition to the Island of Guadeloupe, from the 10th of October 17.58, to the 31st of August 1759 -

To tire Pay of the St aff Officers and Officers of the Hospital for the said Island, from the Days of their respective Appointments to the 24th of December 1759 .

Westminster

iiriilgc.

War Office, 4th Decanber 1759.

Ordered, That the said Account and Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, That Mr. Seddon, from the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at tfte Door;

Total

A. 1759-

4,460 — m 2,000.. — -3,004 17 2

% 111 —

1.000 — —

1.000 — — 445 JO — -627 — —

45815

819, — ij 46. - -

933 5 194 10 —

2,48* 19 3

37 713 4

203-----

62a 2 6

638-----

1,776 6 8

782 -

128 6 —

299 1 2

443 13 290 3 3

3*5 M 87 10 —

1,000-----

1,241 3 —

9*55° x4 -2,660 11 —

953>302 *5 5*

Barrington

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Wstminster Bridge, from the 5th December 1 j to the 20th November 1759, both inclusive; and Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 10th Day of

October

33 Geo. XL 40- — 50 Decembris. 673

OBober 1758 to the \ oth Day of October 1759: together with a Rent Roll, and an Account of Bridge Rents received.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said State

and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply Rill i An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, Land Tax. by a Land Tax so toberaised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1760, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to beraised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1760.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, anc! desire their Concurrence.

Importation The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of Beeh&c. resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to continue, for aTime to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and, Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and to amend the said Act,

Ordered, That the Account of the Quant ities of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, imported into England from Ireland, from the 24th June 1758 to the 10th of October 1759, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, imported, or contracted for to be imported, from Ireland, for the Use of his Majesty’s Navy, ftnee the 24th Day of June 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pole took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pole reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Army; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Mutiny and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, jDeferuon. Upon t|ie gj]j for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 50 die Decembris j

Anno 330 Georgii IP* Regis, 1759.

Prayers. '

Importation ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the «f Beef, &c. House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and to amend the said Act; be now read;

Vol. 28.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they* had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Merchants, Distillation Manufacturers, and other Gentlemen, of the City of from WI,eats Norwich, was prefeuted to the House, and read; fitting &c‘ forth, That the Petitioners apprehend that the Scarcity and Dearness of Corn (the principal Motive which occasioned the Act for the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain) has ceased; and alleging, that particularly the Price of Wheat is reduced below the necessary Expence of producing it, and tends rather to renew the Complaint of Scarcity, as it d ifeou rages the Hulb an d-man from tilling so much Land as he would, by a reason-ablePrice, be induced to do; and that, in case the House should think fit to permit the diddling from Malt or Corn (which the Petitioners allege would be highly beneficial to this Kingdom, and more advantageous than the drilling from a foreign Produce, and evidently preferable to the present necessary Practice of importing large Quantities of foreign Brandies) the Petitioners confide in the Wisdom of the House to make such Provisions and Rfc-strictions as may prevent the pernicious Abuse of such Liquors by the common People; all which the Petitioners submit to the Judgment and Discernment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petitition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration so much of^n Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread,

Biscuit, and Starch; and also to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran; as relates to the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour, or from Bran.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Removing Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others. Gunpowder Inhabitants of East Greenwich, and Places adjacent, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto sub- Greenwich feribed, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inha- to

bitants, was referred, That the Committee had examined Purfleet, the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Means# consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 30th September 1759, be referred to the said Committee.

8 I Ordered,

674 5° Decembris.' 1759.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge for Transport Service, between the ift January and the 30th September 1759, including the Expence of Victualling his Majesty’s Land forces within the said Time, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty *s Ships, for the Year 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That v they had come to several Resolutions; which they had

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply Bill’; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Mule Duties. ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1760;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Infiru6iion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct, That the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1760, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1758, to satisfy Principal

and Intereli charged therenpdn, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1760.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

.Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Army; ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mutiny and House, upon the Bill for pun idling Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur- A may Extra*, suant to their Address to his Majesty,

Account of the Distribution of £. 500,000, voted upon Account, for the extraordinary Services of the combined Army in Gei'many, and of£. 1,000,000, ifllied pursuant to the Power given by an Act, passed in the laftSedion of Parliament, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraord inary Expences of the War, incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1759, and take all such Measures as may be necessary to di(appoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

ACGGYXT

33 Geo. II.

5° Decmbris.

6 75

ACCOUNT of the Distribution of £. 500,000, voted upon Account, for the extraordinary Services of the Combined Army in Germany; and of £. 1,000,000, issued pursuant to the Power given by an Act, passed in the laiiSession of Parliament, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred, or to be incurred, for the Serv ice of the Year 1759, and to take all such Measures hs may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designsof his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

To Cadi remitted for the extra ordinary Services of the Combined Army in Germany1 -

To Ditto for Ditto in Ditto ——

To Ditto for Ditto in Ditto -

To Ditto for Ditto in Ditto - - - -

To Ditto for Ditto in Ditto ——

To Ditto for Ditto in Ditto - -

To Ditto for Ditto in Ditto -

To Ditto for Ditto in Ditto - -

To Ditto for Ditto in Ditto -

To Ditto for Ditto in Ditto - - - _ -

To Ditto for Ditto in Ditto - - - -

To Ditto for Ditto in Ditto -

To Ditto for Ditto in Ditto -

To Ditto for Ditto in Ditto -

To Ditto for Ditto in Ditto - -

To Nicholas Magens Esquire, for the Discharge of a Bill drawn by Thomas Orby Hunter, Superintendent of Forage, 8Cc. for the combined Army under the Command of Prince Ferdinand, on Account of Magazines of Forage - -

To Jacob Bofantjaet, in full Satisfaction of a Bill drawn by D° as D° for D°, on Account of 90,000 Rations of Forage -

To Jacob Bojanquct, lor. the Discharge of a Bill drawn by Thomas Orby Hunter, Superintendent of Forage, Kc. for the combined Army under Prince Ferdinand, on Account of 20,000 Rations of Forage, to supply the Magazine at Minden -

To Ditto for Ditto, drawn by Ditto, on Account of the Payment of the Hanoverian Magazine of Forage at Minden, and a Quantity of Hay and Straw, to be added thereto, to compleat the same to 400,000 Rations of Hay and 450,000 Rations of Straw -

To Andrew Drummond Esquire, to discharge a Bill drawn by Messieurs Pye and Cruik/kanks, on Account of Forage and Grain, 8Cc.

To Ditto, for Payment of Two Bills, drawn by Ditto, by Order of Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, for Ditto -To Ditto and C*. for Ditto drawn by Ditto - -

To Ditto for Ditto drawn by Ditto -

To Ditto for Ditto drawn by Ditto ....

To Ditto for Ditto drawn by Ditto -

To Ditto for Ditto drawn by Ditto....

To Ditto for Ditto drawn by Ditto -

To Ditto for Ditto drawn by Ditto -

To Ditto for Ditto drawn by Ditto -

To Ditto for Ditto drawn by Ditto ——

To Messieurs Thomlinfon, Colebrooke, Nejbitt, and Hanbury, to be by them remitted, in Specie, to North America, for extraordinary Services there To Ditto for Ditto Services -

To Ditto for Ditto Services - -

To Messieurs Thomlinfon, Colebrooke, Nejbitt, and Hanbury, to be by them remitted, in Specie, to North America, for extraordinary Services To Ditto for Ditto Services -

To Ditto for Ditto Services -

To Ditto for Ditto Services ——

To Ditto for Ditto Services - -

To Ditto for Ditto Services.....-

To Ditto for Ditto Services -

To Ditto for Ditto Services -

Total

£. s. d.

53.000 -

50.000 -

50,000 -

100,000 -

100,000 --- —

7,500-----

22,000 -

100.000 — - —

3.000 -

100.000 — —

20,000 -

6.000 -

100.000 — — 100,000 — —

4.000 -

£- s. d.

50,000

3,000 — —

7,000 i —

18,000 — —

9,886 3 —

28,249 14 11

11,000 — —

1,006 9 2

27,000 — — '

27,000 — —

13,900 — —

2,300 — —

929 19 8

23>379 12 3

14,480 16

10,000

40,000 — —

10,000 —

100,000 — —

40,000 — —

40,000 — —

100,000 — . —

50,000 — —

30,000 — —

20,000 — —

7.367 5 —

815,500-----

78,000 -rr-

*59>i3* 15

447.367 5 *-

1,500,000

War Office, 5th December 1759.

Barrington.

Vol. 28.

Ordered

b:

Accounts from the Mercer's Company.

Distillation from Wheat, &c.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

676 50 — 70 Decembris . 1759.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, j° die Decembris;

Anno 33* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759. Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Caionc, Clerk to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the 10th of October 1758 to <c the 10th of October 1759, directed to be laid before " each House of Parliament, by an Act, passed in the " 2 ill Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the " Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers " of the City of London And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of King's Lynn, in Norfolk, in Council assembled; end also,

A Petition of the Mayor and Bailiffs of the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, in behalf of all the Inhabitants of the said Borough;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House the good Effects which the Petitioners allege have arisen from the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran: And praying, That the said Prohibition may be further continued.

A Petition of the several Land Owners and Holders of the South-weft Parts of the jCounty of Essex, whose Names arethereuutosubscribed,on behalf of them selves, and the rest of the Landed Interest, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the continuing the Prohibition of the Distillation of Corn beyond the Necessity which appeared to require it, will be a vast Loss and Discouragement to the Petitioners and the rest of the Landed Interest: And therefore praying. That the Malt Distillery of this Kingdom may be again opened, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the Counties of Ross and Cromartie, in North Britain, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners are convinced, from Fa6ts and Experience, that the temporary Causes which produced the Prohibition of the making of Spirits from Wheat, Barley, or any other Sort of Grain, have long ceased in North Britain, and that a further Prohibition thereof rauft in its Consequences be very grievous to the Inhabitants of that Part of the Kingdom; and further alleging, that no spirituous Liquors are made in that Part of the Kingdom but those called Aqua vita, which are never exported, and are always distilled from Malt made of pig or Bear (a Grain of inferior Quality to Barley), which is the chief Growth of that Country; and that the Climate or Circumstances of a great Part of that Country render the Use of Spirits more necessary, as well aslefs pernicious, than in more Southern Climates: And therefore praying, in Const-

14

deration of the particular Circumstances before stated, That the Distillation of the Spirits called Aqua vita, may be permitted in the North Parts of Great Britain, in the same Manner as before the late Prohibitions were laid on, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act tocontinue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from 'Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran; as relates to the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour, or from Bran.

An ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty’s Lieutenants of the several Counties in England and Wales to proceed in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, notwithstanding any Adjournments, was read the Third time.

llefolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable his Majesty^ Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, or Places, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to proceed in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, notwithstanding any Sulpension of the fame; and for other Purposes relating to the said Laws.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eie6ting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Bilfon Legge Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, did become entitled to, and accepted of, the beneficial Interest of the Office of Surveyor of the petty Customs and Subsidies in his Majesty’s Port of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament lor the Borough of Hereford, in the County of Hertford, in the room of George Harrison Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act, to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of faited Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and to amend the said Act; was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had din ged him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Questioa put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duty upon Spirits diddled between the 1 ith of March 1757 and the 10th of October 1750.

Mr.

Mifiri*.

Law*

Orfnri

Writ

Hertford

Borough

Writ

Important

ofBecf,&c»

Account of Duty on Spirb

33 Geo. II. 7° Dece. 677

Supply Bill; Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Male Duties. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, fCyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1760, >vas committed; the Amendments which the Committeehad made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances in gauging Corn making into Malt.

And the said Clanle was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply. Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One million, be granted to his Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

'That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred One thousand and Seventy-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of Transport Service, between the ift January and 30th September 1759, including the Expence of Viftuialling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time.;

Resolved, That ft is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, &nd Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1760.; ....

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Bills of The House[,being informed. That Mr. Mackie, ‘from Mortality, the Company of Parish Clerks, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at thp Bar, prefen ted to the House puiTuant to their Order*,1 .:

"Fen Years annual Bills of Mortality, to Year ended

1758. .; \ . ;'

And then he withdrew^. ’*

And the Title on the Paper containing the ftiid^ Bills was read.

Ordered, That the said Bills do lie upon the Table, to be perused ;by the Members of the House.

The said Bflls are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Foundling The House being informed. That Mr. Collingivood, Hospital; Secretary to the Hospital for the Maintenance and - Education of exposed and deserted young Children, attended at the Door;

He Was called in; and, at the Bar, preferited to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Plan of the Hospital at Ackivortli: And also.

Plan and Elevations of the Hospital at Shrewsbury.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Flans and Elevations were ’ read.

Ordered, That the said Plans and Elevations cjo lie upon the T^ble, tp.be perused by the Members of the House.

VOL. 2?.

The said Plans and Elevations are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Distillaiion resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to from Wheat, take into Consideration so much of an Act, made in the &e* \

last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran; as relates to the Prohibition of the making of lotv Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, or Flour, or frotn Bran; ’

Ordered, That the said f Order be poftpohed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways ing uext, resolve itself into a Committee .‘of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted tof his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- . Supply, ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole \

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being tread, for the DHlillarion House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole wheat, House, to take idto-Consideration so much of dn Act, '

made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Stanch; and also to continue, for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the making of low Wines ana Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Bran;

Tas relates to the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour, or from Bran;

Ordered, That all the Accounts which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to Spirituous Liquors, and to the Duties upon Malt, add upon Beer and Ale, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.,

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the (Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

- Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please: to receive the same. < ' . 7

Ordered, That the Report be now received;

Sir 7^/2 Philipps accordingly reported from the Sard Committee the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered inatthe ClerkksTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That ft'is the Opinion- of this Committee,

That the Prohibition of the making of low’Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, be further continued, for a Time to be limited.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon theiQuestion put thereupon, agreed 1 to by the House, Nemine contradicento.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution; And that Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Nugent, and-Mrj Grenville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the Hodfe adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of tha*Clock.

8K

6; 8

io° Decemb

Luna, ro° die Decembris;

Anno 330 Georgii II" Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

Distillation QIR John Philipps presented to the House, according from Wheat, to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be li-&c* mited, the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran: And the same was received; and read the First time.

liefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to his Malt Dutie*. Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1760, was read the Third time*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1760.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards arid Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

Amfinck, The have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for &c. naturalizing Paul Amjinck the younger, and Ilelwig

Nat. Lewis Tonnies: To which the Lords desire the Con-

currence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Conventions Mr. Secretary Pitt presented to the House, by his W^\ndUffia Majesty’s Command,

HeffcCaffel. Copy of a Convention between his Majesty and the \YJing of Priijfia, concluded and signed at London, the 9th November 1759; and Tranllation: Andalfo,

Copy of a Convention between his Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, concluded and signed at London, the 9th of November 1759, for she Renewal of the separate Article annexed to the Treaty of the 17th of January 1759, between his Majesty and his Serene Highness; and Tranllation:

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations are as followeth; viz.

Tranllation of a Convention between his Majesty and the King of Prussia, concluded and signed at London, the 9th November 1759.

YPftfln ]t knovvn to whom it concerns, or may con- u ia' cern: That the burthensome War wherein his Prussian Majesty is engaged, putting him under the Necessity of making new Efforts, for his Defence against the great Number of Enemies by which his Dominions are attacked; and being the refore obliged to enter into a new Concert with his Britannic Majesty, in order to provide reciprocally and jointly with him, for their common Defence and Safety; and his Majesty the King of Great Britain, having made/ known at the same Time the Desire he had to strengthen the Bonds of Friendship which subsist between the Two Courts, and to come to a new Agreement on this Occasion; and for this End, by an express Convention, relating to the Succours, by which he may give to his Prussian Majesty most expeditious and most efficacious Assist-ance, their said Majesties have therefore, for this Purpose, named and authorized their respectiveMinisters; to wit. In the Name and on the Part of his Britannic Majesty, his Privy Counsellors, Sir Robert Henley -Knight, his Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain; John Earl Granville, President of his Counsel; Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, First Lord Commissioner of his Treasury; Robert Earl of Holdernesse, oue of his

A, 1759.

principal Secretaries of State; Philip Earl of Hard wid/cc; and William Pitt, another of his principal Se- cretaries of State: And in the Name and on the Part of his Prussian Majesty, the Sieurs Dodo Henry, Baron of Knyphaufeit, his Privy Counsellor of Embalfy, and Mi-11 ifter Plenipotentiary at the Court of his Britannic Majesty, and Lewis Michell', his Charge9 d'Affairs at the said Court; who, after the Exchange of their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles.

1.

It is agreed. That all the preceding Treaties whicfr subsist between the Two Courts, of whatever Date or Nature they may be, and particularly that of Westminster, of the 16th of January, in the Year 1756, as well as the Convention of the nth of April of the last Year, and that of the 7th of December of the same Year, shall be deemed to be renewed and confirmed by the present Convention, in all their Points, Articles, and Clauses; and shall be of the same Force, as if they were inserted herein Word for Word.

2.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain engages to cause to be paid in the City of London, into the Hands of the Person or Persons who shall be authorized for that Purpose by his Majesty the King of Prussia, the Sum of Four Millions of German Crowns, amounting to Six hundred and Seventy thousand Pounds Sterling; which intire Sum shall be paid at once immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications, upon the Requisition of his Prussian Majesty.

3-

His Majesty the King of Prussia engages, on his Part, to employ the said Sum in keeping up and augmenting his Forces, which shall act in the most advantageous Manner for the Common Cause, and for the End proposed by their aforesaid Majesties, of reciprocal Defence and mutual Security.

4-

The High contracting Parties tporeover engage; viz. on the one Part his Britannic Majesty, both as King and as Elector; and, on the other Part, his Prussian Majesty; not to conclude any Treaty of Peace, Truce, or Neutrality, or any other Convention or Agreement whatsoever, with the Powers who have taken Part in the present War, but in Concert and by mutual Consent and expressly comprehending each other therein.

5-

ThisConvention shall be ratified, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged on both Sides, within the Term of Six Weeks, to be reckoned from the Date of the signing of the present Convention, or sooner, if possible.

In Witness whereof, We, the underwritten Ministers of his Majesty the King of Great Britain,\and of his Majesty the King of Prussia, by virtue of our full Powers, have signed the present Convention, and have set the Seals of our Arms thereto. Done at London, the Ninth of November, in the Year of our Lord 1759.

(L. S.) Robert Henley, C.

(L. S.) Granville, P.

(L. S.) Holies Newcastle.

(L. S.) Holdernesse,

(L. S.) W. Pitt.

Translation ol a Convention between his Majesty and Convention the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel', concluded and signed at London, theoth of November 1759, for the Re-newal of the Separate Article annexed to the Treaty of the 17th of January 1759* between his1 Majesty and his Serene Highness.

Whereas the Term of a Year, during which Time his Majesty the King of Great Britain had engaged to his most Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hesse Cajfel to provide for the Support of the additional Body of Hessian’Yxoops, of 6,99^ Men, agreeably to what was stipulated on this Occasion by virtue of the Separate Ar-

J

33 Geo. II.

tp° Decetubris.

tide annexed to the Treaty of Alliance, of the 17th of January 1759, is drawing towards an End; and Whereas his said Majesty, in Concert with the most Serene Landgrave, has judged it conducive to the Interests of his Crown and of the Common Cause, that the above-mentioned Body of Troops should be kept on Foot after the Expiration of the present Year, for the same Service and the fame:Purposes to which they have been hitherfio defined; the High contracting Parties having named and authorized for this Effect their respective Ministers; to wit, I lis Britannic Majesty his PrivyCounfdlars, SirJ?G-bert Henley Knight, his Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain; John Earl Granville, President of his Council; Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, First Commissioner of his Treasury; Robert Earl of Holderneffi*, one of his principal Secretaries of State; Philip Earl of Hardwickc; and William Pitt, another of his principal Secretaries of State; and the most Serene Landgrave, the Sieyr Juste Henry Alt, his Privy Counsellor of Legation and Minister charged with his Affairs; It has been settled and agreed, after the Exchange of the necessary full Powers, That the said Separate Article of the 17th January 1759 (whereof a collated Copy is here annexed to the present Instrument), shall be deemed to be renewed in its whole Tenor, and in all its Points, as well with regard to the Pay as to the extraordinary Subsidy of Sixty-thousand Pounds Sterling, for the Term of a Second Year; and that it shall have the same Force as if it were inserted here Word for Word.

In Witness whereof. We, the under-written Ministers of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and of his most Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hejfe, have, by virtue of our full Powers, signed the present Act of Renewal, the Ratifications whereof shall be exchanged on each Side as soon as possible, and have thereto put the Seals of our Arms. Done at London, the 9th Day of November, in the Year 1759.

(L. S.) Robert Henley, C. S. (L. S.) J.If. Alt.

(L. S.) Granvilley P.

(L. S.) Holies Newcastle.

(L. S.) Holdernesse.

(L. S.) W. PUL

Separate Article.

The Experience of what has passed, having shewn the Necessity of having for the Good of the Common Cause, a Body of Troops, for covering the Dominions of thje most Serene Landgrave of Hejfe-y and his most Serene Highness having represented his Inability to maintain a, Body of his own Troops, for aufwering in part so indispensable an Object, his Dominions having been totally exhausted, in consequence of the enormous

Contributions and Deliveries the French have drawn fro.n\ thenceAxi* Britannic Majesty promises and engages to cause to be paid to the most Serene Landgrave of Heffey without any: Deduction,th e Sum of Ninety-feveu thousand Five hundred ^Eighty-two. Pounds Sterling, Seventeen -Shillings Ten:P«enee, and Two Sevenths of a Penny, for One Year’s Pay of a Body of Troops, both ilnfaritty and Cavalry, of Six thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-two Men, to commence from the ift of January 1759, according to the State hereunto annexed* the-effective Number of iwhich Troops shall be ascertained by Muller, before an English Commissary. And in Consideration of the said Sum of £.97,582 17 iof to be advanced as usual, from Two Months to Two , Mopths, and of the Payment of the extraordinary Expenses in the Manner settled by the Treaty of 1755, the most Serene Landgrave of Hejfe promises and engages on his Part to keep the said Body of 6,992 Men in Readiness, to act every where for the Good of the Common Cause, according to the C^ronmftanoes of the War.

With regard to Forgge, and other Things neoeff*ry to be furnished for the said Body of Troops his Majesty will provide for the fame; gnd the most proper Mea-. fares shall be taken, as shall be agreed upon between the two Courts for that Purpose.

Moreover, the King of Great Britain having northing more at Heart than to facilitate the Means by which the most Serene Landgrave of Hejfe may rggain the hislResidence in his own Dominions, ana give frefliCourage to his faithful Subjects by his Presence, which is so tnuch wished for; his said Majesty, in order to contribute4o-wards so interesting an Object, grants to the said most Serene Landgrave the Sum of Sixty thousand Found* Sterling, to be paid as his mpft Serene ILghnefe {shall think it most convenient.

The present separate Article shall be of the same Force, as if it was inserted Word for Word in the Treaty concluded and signed this Day. It shall be ratified in the same Manner; and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged at the same Time as the Treaty. In Witness whereof. We, the underwritten, having the (ull Powers of his Britannic Majesty, and of the most Serene Landgrave of Hejfe Cqffel, have signed the present Separate Article, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be put thereto. ’Done at London, the 17th Day of the Month of January, in the Year 1759*

(L. S.) Robert Henley, C. S. (L. S.) Granvilley P.

(L. S.) Holies Newoqfile. (L. J5.) Hardwicke.

(L. S.) W. Pitt.

/I. S.) F. A. Ha.rderiberg.

Payment of a Body of Hejfian Troops of

S T A

I Lieutenant General -

]His i\id de Camp -I Major General of Foot His Aid de Camp 7 Lieut, Quarter Matter General 1 Major of Brigade of the Infantry l Aid de Camp of Brigade of the Infantry 1 Quarter Master of the Staff -1 Auditor of the Staff - -

His Clerk --1 Doctor or Physician - -

1 Surgeon of the Staff -

I Chaplain

1 Waggon Master of the Staff l Grand Provost - -

I Executioner - -

His Servant # «

Vol. its

1,672 Men for a Month of 42 Days,

F. German Currency.

». to Rd. Mgr. dr. 55s 12

- to .. *. 60

- . m *68 *5, 7*5-

- - f - > - 60 — tS —

- - m 40 iff —

- m m to 40 18 —

- - to 24 — - —

- - to 4° 31 5 —

* - to 209 15 6ii

m m to 14

- - m 108 23 —

m - - to 94 1? 7 1

m ' to 4o^- —

- - to 36

- m m ' 28 —

- - - - 14 ~J —

- m - to 14

Sum of (he Staff . 1*639 13

The

c.

6 8o

io° Decembris.

} / '

The COMMISSAR! ATE.

1 Commissary of War and Cashier -

2 Clerks - a’ 3° Rd. u

i Waggon for the Military Chest, Accounts, Letters, &c. 2 Servants and Horses

r

i Total for the Commissariate

OFFICE for VICTUALS and PROVISIONS.

x Purveyor - V '

1 Clerk w- 'w:v.

< * .1*0:1 .

x ’ *'.» * < 1 *r ’

« r r 10 ‘ ! ‘ '

- . hr r t.:\‘ \

r. \f, .; i- . 1 'i j\v i ,.i 3 ..*: i!:

*j.-i :Doctor or Physician - -

1 Upper Surgeon of the Hospital Assistant Surgeons, at 15 Rd.

1 Chaplain

1 Purveyor - -

1 Clerk 4- -

1 Apothecary -

i 1Affift&nt Apothecary 1 iCook /

siHii Maid Servant -

k-m Waggon, 2 Servants, and Horses -5. Waggons, ro Servants, and io Horses more

Total for the Office for Victuals, &c.

X }'

hospital.

J. 1759.

German Currency. Rd. Mgr. d.

100-----

60-----

- 31 12 7 3-±

l9l 12 7^-

48-----

30-----

7* --

5 o

108 23 —

64 4

60-----

40-----

48-----

3°-----

37 18 —

15-----

15-----

5 21

31 12 7 JL±

156 28

o'

: Keeping the Horses, and Repairs of the Waggons, with all the Utensils, and for Medicines, and the Surplus for the Care of the Wounded and Sick

Total for the Hospital i ARTILLERY.

M§n. i* Major 1 Captain 1 Lieutenant -

1 Stuckj unker l burgeon

3 Bombadiers, at 16 Rd. /

oiisrunnerv 814 3

30 Under* Gunners, 6 14 3-J--J 1 Drummer -

1 Clerk -

75 ,

1 Quarter Matter or Commissary ^. 1 Matter Farrier

y x Matter Wheelright 1 Matter Sadler -»

1 _Head Servant 20 Servants, at 5 21 4^ i_58 Horses for the Forage, at Mgr. per Day

loq

Men

1 I Major and Commandant i_Aid deCamp -

1 Quarter Matter Major

130 —

742 — 5t£

100 18 —

60 — —

28-----

20-----.

8 M 3^4' 128 — — 25? — T: 192-----

6 14 3

8 14. 3-

16 — —

iB -

18 — — 112 — , — 292 11 4*

Total for the Artillery 1,310 — 5&

of CHASSEURS on Foot. The STAFF. German Currency. For 30 Days. Rd. Mgr. dr. i: i .5 .2 3 f

- - 1 1 1 Oi O 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 12 8 3 3 3 3

- Total of the Staff - - "7 18 14

1 COM-

33 Geo. II.

i Captain

i Lieutenant 1 2d Lieutenant -i Serjeant i Ditto t Pioneer -i Gunsmith i Surgeon -i Corporal 5 D*

i Drummer or Chaffetir 85 Chasseurs

io° Decem

t COMPANY.

100 Sum of 1 Company 100 1 other Company

jaoo Total for a Corps of Chasseurs

The Staff

More, for the C H A S S E U R S on FOOT. The 46 Rations of Forage make, at 20 Rd. -And 254 Portions of Bread, at 1^ -

Cloathing for 194 Chasseurs, at 1^ -Keeping the Arms in Order, at f - For Medicines - at 40 per Annr Recruiting Money for each Company, at 368 Rd. per Ann.

Which makes in a Month of 42 Days

Waggon for the Military Chefl; and Medicines 2 Waggons for the Company, at D*

Total for the Corps of Chasseurs for 42 Days

Amount for 30 Days

Farther,

681

German Currency, g* For 30 Days. -.2

Rd. Ms>r.dr.

50-----

25 -

22-----

8-----

8

3

3

.O

6

3

3

2

2

- 8 —

- 8 — 2

- to — - 2

- 6 — - 2

- 30 — iO

4 — 1

- 340 — 85

.519 H 120

- 519 14 120

- 117 18 14

M 55 4() 254

- 020 - 381 — —

- 291 97 r,

3 12 ~ — —

61 12 — —

- 2,908 - 24 — — —

- 4,072 4 6-j.j

- 31 12 7t4

- 62 25 7 — —

- 4,1667 5f§ —

Men.

1 Lieutenant Colonel and Commandant -1 Major -1 Lieutenant -1 Cornet - -

1 Quarter Master -

2 D°....

1 Maitre de Logis

1 Surgeon -

1 ....

1 Trumpeter -

1 D*....

€ Corporals, at 20 Rd.

08 Hussars, 11 -1 Clerk -

1 Farrier of the Staff -

1 Sadler -

1 Provost and Servant -

2 Waggons for the Company, at 31 12 7-fJ-

120 Total of a Squadron of Hussars -

of HUSSARS German Currency.

Rd. Mgr. dr.

5 0

m - 212 18 —

a* - - - 200 18 —

m - - - 60 — —

- - - - - 56 — —

- - - - 24 — —

- - - - 48 - —

- - - - - 24 — —

- - - - 14 — —

- - - - 14 — —

- - - - i4 — —

- - - - 14 — —

V. - - - 120 — T

- - - - 1,078 — —

_ - - - - 11 — —

- - - - 16 — —

- - " - 16 — —

_ - - - - 14 — —

- - - - 62 25 7 —

- - - - 1,998 25 7

VOL. 28.

8L

1 Regi-

682

i o' Decembris.

i Regiment of Dragoons. The STAFF. '

i Colonel

i Lieutenant Colonel -

1 Major - "

i Quarter Master of the Regiment - -i Auditor i Chaplain -

i Adjutant - - "

i Surgeon of the Regiment - ’ "

Wa^eon for the Military Chest and Medlines

Da

Waggon Master -Drummer - -

Hautbois -

D°

Farrier of the Staff - -

Sadler -

Provost and Servant -

Total of the Staff

j. 1759.

German Currency.

ltd.Mgr.

*57 18

52 18

- - 40 l8

- 6o —

m - 3& C

- - 4° — "

- " - 28 ’

- - 28 '

- - 31 12

- - 18 —

*- - 14 —

- - l'2 —

- - 84 —

' 16 — ,

- - 16 —

- 14 —

647 3°

r~*

Regiment of Dragoons.

1 TROOP.

Men.

1 Captain -The Waggon of the Troopr 1 Lieutenant -1 Ensign ... 1 Quarter Master 1D0

1 Maitre de Logis

1 Surgeon

3 Corporals, at 20 Rd.

2 Drummers, at 11 - -72 Dragoons - at n

1 -Clerk

85 Sum of a Troop 595 Seven other Companies

680 Tytal of a Regiment of Dragoons.

And the Staff

- - 160 — —

- 3r 12 7-

_ - 60

- - 56 — —

- - *4 — —

- 24 — —

- - 24 — —

- - 14 — —

- - 60 —

- - 22 — —

- - 79* 11 - *T

m v 1,278 12 7-

- - 8,948 18 53-

- - 647 30 7 "

- - rt- f'^ 00 O ►H 26 5 TS

► I Regiment of Infantry. The STAFF.

1 Colonel - - ,

1 Lieutenant Colonel

1 Major - - - . -

1 Maitre de Logis of the Regiment -

1 Auditor - -

1 Chaplain - - . - _

1 Adjutant - - .

.1 Surgeon of the Regiment - -

The Waggon for the Military Chest and Medicines - 1

i Waggon Master -

i Drum Major -

i Hautbois -

- - .;

i' Provost and Servapt

Total of the Staff

- - - *57 18 — -

- - - 5* l8 —

" "' 40 06 l8 —

- - 36 — — r

- - - 40 — —

" - - 24 28 — "

- - - 3i 18 12 7

- - 6 14 ‘ 312

" - - 5 21

- - 39 7 I 2*

" 12 — J1

- - 527 2 t*4 lrw

i Regi-

c.

3 Geo. II.

Men.





3



1

4

10

2

75


3

i o° Decem

i Regiment of Infantry, i COMPANY.

at ri 7 ijj

Captain

The Waggon of the Company -Servant for 2-Kories to carry the Tents Lieutenant Ensign

Serjeants, - -Fourier

Capitaine d’Armes -Surgeon -

Corporals - - at 8

AnfpeiTades,

Drummers, -Private Soldiers Solicitor

Officers Servants

5 21 4 ~ 5 21 4~ 4 2S 6*4

3 7 »-

104 Sum of 1 Company -728 7 more Companies -And the Stall'

832 Total for a Regiment -1,664 - - - 2 more -

416 - - - 1 more of Companies

2,912 Total of Regiments of Infantry -

Men.

1 Captain

2 Companies of Infantry.

1 COMPANY.

The Waggon for the Company -1 Servant for 2 Horses to carry the Tents 1 Lieutenant -1 Second Lieutenant Serjeants, -

1 Fourier

1 Surgeon

6 Corporals, -12 AnfpeiTades

2 Drummers,

97 Private Soldiers 1 Solicitor -

3 Officers Servants, -

at 11 7 i

at 8

5 214 —

5 21 4-

4 28 6

7 i’-

130 Sum of One Company 1 30 - - - One other Company

260 Total of 2 Companies of Infantry -

68

German Currency. Rd. Mgr. dr.

60 — —

31 12

~ 5 21 4

28 — .* j —

24 — -J-

33 21

8 28 6 —

8 28 6

8 14 3-

32 —

56 — —

n 7 1

360 — —

4 28 612

9 21 44-

G82 5 6

’ 4.775 4 2 — -

527 2 1

5>984 12 i

11,968 24 3-

3>,255, a5

21,208 25 n 18 7

50

- 60 — —

31 12 7-

5 21 4~

- 28 — —

28’ r —

- 44 28 5 "

r 8 28 6^2

- 8 14 .3

48 - —

67 7

11 7 1 30

- 465 21 4-

4 28 6~

9 21 4

- 821 12 6 —

821 12 6

1 *-n co 1 5 t!

Recruits, to augment the 12 Regiments of Foot in the auxiliary Corps of i2,mMen

For One Regiment.

1 C O M P A N Y.

Men.

1 Serjeant 1 Corporal 1 Anfpeffade -iD°-16 Soldiers,

at 4 28 6

n 7 1-

8 -

5 21 4-

5 21 4~

76 28 6

20 Amount for i Company - - IO7 7 I 15

j So - - - - 9 other Companies - - 964 28 6 —

200 Total for 1 Regiment - - >- - - - 1,07a —

2,200 - - - 11 others - - e — r r -11,792 — —

2,400 Total for 12 Regiments of Foot r - —

Vol. 28.

JRECA-

684

Men.

The Staff -

The Commissariate The Office for Victuals -The Hospital 100 The Artillery -200 The Corps of Chasseurs -i 20 1 Squadron of Hussars -680 1 Regiment of Dragoons 2,912 4 Regiments of Foot 260 2 Companies of Foot 2,400 Recruits

j o° Decembns.

RECAPITULATION

6,672

Total -

J. 1759.

German Currency. Rd. Mgr. dr. L639 >3 5AV 191 12 7 if

78-----

742 — 5 45 »3]o — 5 4,166 7 5

r’998 25 7 45

10,874 26 5

21,208 25 7 4}

1,642 25 5

12,864-----

56,7-15 31 7 Aso

Calculation of what the Pay of an Augmentation of 120 Hussars, and 200 Chasseurs amounts to.

The Corps of Chasseurs of 200 Men actually raised, costs, according to the State laid down - - 4,166 7 5

By adding to this Number 200 more Chasseurs, with a Staff Officer, and other Persons necessary

for the Service, this will amount to the same Sum of - - - 4,166 7

The Hussars already raised, to the Number of 120, cost, according to the State above mentioned - 1,998 25

By adding to this Number 120 more Hussars, with their Officers, and other Persons, this Expence will amount to - - - 1,998 25

Sum that this Augmentation requires in 42 Days Makes in a Year

7 it-

- 6,164 33 4

53>576-----

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Importation An ingrossed Bill to continue, for aTime to be limited, of Beef, Uc. an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An A6fc to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Jaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and to amend the said Act; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, providing, That the Continuance of the Act might be ihortened by the King, or by the Parliament, during the present Session.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limitedTime, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Weights and Measures.

The House was moved, that the Resolutions, which, upon the 26th Day of May 1758, were reported from the Committee appointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom; and to consider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion, of the moil effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures, to be used for the future; and which, upon the Second Day of June following, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; might be read:

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

ci Rc/o/rcd, That it is necessary, in order effectually to " ascertain and enforce uniform and certain Standards of (C Weights and Measures, to be used for the future, that " all the Statutes relating thereto should be reduced into " One Act of Parliament, and all the said Statutes now in " being, subsequent to the Great Charter, repealed."

" Resolved, That the Distance between the TwoPoints " in the Gold Studs in the Brass Rod, described in this 14

" Report, and delivered herewith, ought to be the " Length called a Yard; and the Instrument, also herewith delivered, adjusted to the same Length, ought i( to be preserved, and used for lizing Measures of " Length at the Exchequer; and that One Third Part cc of the said Length called the Yard, should be a Foot;

" and the Twelfth Part of that Third, or Foot, deemed " one Inch."

" Resolved, That all Measures of Length whatsoever " should be taken in Parts, Multiples, or certain Pro-<c portions, of the said Standard Yard."

" Resolved, That Measures, called Measures of Capacity, should be ascertained according to the Number " of cubical Inches therein contained."

" Resolved, That all Measures of the same Denomina-ic tion, whether of Liquids or of dry Goods, ought to " contain the fameNumber of cubical Inches; and that <c the Gallon ought to contain 282 such Inches; and the " Quart One Fourth of the Gallon; and the Pint One <c Half of the Quart."

" Resolved, That the Bushel ought to contain Eight " of the said Gallons; and the Quarter Eight such cc Bushels; and all other Measures, called Measures of Capacity, ought to be taken in Parts, Multiples, or " proportional Parts, of the said Gallon."

" Resolved, That all Goods measured by any of the " said Measures of Capacity should not be heaped, but " stricken with a round Strike, of the same Diameter " from one End to the other."

<c Resolved, That the Standard of Weight ought tube " the Pound herewith delivered,described in this Report, " and made upon the Examination and Review of the " several present Standard Troy Weights therein mentioned; and that the Twelfth Part of the said Pound " should be an Ounce; the Twentieth Part of such " Ounce a Penny Weight; and the Twenty-fourth Part " of such Penny Weight a Grain."

u Resolved, That all other Weights should be taken " from Parts, Multiples, or certain Proportions, of the <c said Standard Pound."

u Resolved, That all Contracts, Bargains, Sales, and " Dealings, ought to be taken and adjudged to be according to the Standards aforesaid; and that noPerson " should recover the Price of Goods fold, or the Goods

" thenv

L.

33 Geo. II.

" themselves, or any Damages, on Account of any " Contracts, Bargains, Sales, or Dealings, but according " to the said Standards."

" Resolved, That it ought, to be made penal, for any u Person to have in his.Possessioii,any Measure or Weight " that is not agreeable to the aforesaid Standards."

" llcfolved. That it ought to be made highly penal, " for any Person to make or fell any Measure or Weight " that is not agreeable to the aforesaid Standards."

" llrfolvedy That, for the enforcing an Uniformity in u the Weights and Measures to be used for the future, " no Person ought to be permitted to make Weights or " MeasurSjWithouthavingfirltbbtainedaproperLicence " for that Purpose, upon the Payment of a certainSum." " Resolved, That all Measures, called Measures of Capacity, to be hereafter made, ought to be marked with the Name of the Maker; and, after a proper Examination of the Measure, the same to be stamped with " the initial Letters of the Name of the Person who has " examined it."

The House was also moved, That the Resolutions, which upon the nth Day of April 1 aft, were reported from the Committee,appointed toinquire into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom,

‘ and to consider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion of the most effectual Means for afcisrtaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future; and which were the next Day agreed to by the House; might be read: And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Rejblvedy That the Ell ought to contain One Yard f< and One Quarter, according to the Yard mentioned in the Third Resolution of the former Committee upon " the Subject of Weights and Measures, agreed to by ic the House the Second June 1758; and the Pole or " Perch, in Length Five such Yards and an Half; the " Furlong 220 such Yards; and the Mile 1760 such Yards."

<c Resolved, That the superficial Perch should contain <c 30 square Yards and a Quarter; and the Rood should " contain 1,210 square Yards; and the Acre 4,840 c< square Yards aforesaid."

" Resolved, That according to the 4th, 5th, and 6th " Resolutions of the former Committee upon the Sub-" jest of Weights and Measures, agreed to by the House the Second June 1758, the Quart ought to contain 70 "€< and Half cubical Inches; the Pint 35 and a Quarter; " the Peck 564; and the Bushel 2,256."

" Resolved, That the several Parts of the Pound, "which is mentioned in the 8 th Resolution, of the for-<c rner Committee upon the Subject of Weights and " Measures, agreed to by the House the 2d June 175,8, " examined and adjnfted in the Presence of this Committee, and herewith produced; viz. the Half Pound, " or Six Ounces; Quarter of a Pound, or Three Ounces; " Two Ounces,' One Ounce, Two Half Ounces; the " Five Penny Weights, Three Penny Weights, Two <c Penny Weights and One Penny Weight; the Twelve " Grains, Six Grains, Three Grains, Two Grains, and " Two of One Grain each; ought to be the Models of " the several Parts of the said Pound,rand to be used for :w fizing or adjusting Weights for the fulure."

" Resolved, That all Weights, exceeding a Pound, " should be of Brass, Copper, Bell Metal, or Call Iron; " and all those which shall be of Cast Iron, should be made in the Form, and with a Handle of hammered €i Iron, such as the Pattern herewith produced, with the Mark of the Weight, cast in the Iron; and all " Weights of a Pound, or under, should be of, Gold, " Silver, Brass, Copper, or Bell Metal."

" Resolved, That all Weights of Cast Iron should have " the Initial Letters of the Name of the Maker upon the " upper Bar of the Handle; and all other'"W eights should " have the fame, together with the Mark of the Weight, Vol. 28.

685

<c according to the Standard, upon some convenient Weights and " Part thereof." Measures,

" Resolved, That the Yard mentioned in the Second "'Resolution of the former Committee upon the Subject of Weights and Measures, agreed to by the House " the Second June 1758, being the Standard of Length;

" and the Pound, mentioned iti the Eighth Resolution " of the former Committee upon the Subject of Weights <c and Measures, agreed to by the House the 2d June " 1758, being the Standard of Weight, ought to be de-<c posited in the Court of the Receipt of the Exchequer,

" and there fafelykept under t he Seals of the Chaneellqr " of the Exchequer, and of the Chief Baron, and the " Seal of Office of the Chamberlains of the Exchequer,

" and not to be opened, but by the Order and in the " Presence of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and " the Chief Baron for the Time being."

' cc Resolved, That the most effectual Means to ascertain <c Uniformity in Measures of Length and Weight, to be " used throughout the Realm, would be to appoint cer-u tain Persons at One particular Office, with Clerks and " Workmen under them, for the Purpose only of Sizing " and Adjusting for the Ule of the Subjects, all Measures " of Length, and all Weights, being Parts, Multiples, w or certain Proportions, of the Standards, to be used " for the future."

" Resolved, That a Model or Pattern of the said Sfcandard Yard, mentioned in the Second Resolution of the,

" former Committee,agreed to by the House Second Jujie

" 1758, and now inCullbdy of the Clerk of the House;

" and a Model or Pattern of the Standard Pound, mentioned in the Eighth Resolution of the former Com-<c mittee, agreed to by the I^onfe Second June 1758;

" together with Models or Patterns of the Parts of the ic said Pound, now presented to the House, and also of " the Multiples of the said Pound, mentioned in this " Report, when the same are adjnfted, should be kept in the said Office, in Custody of the said Persons to be " appointed for SizingWeights and Measures,under the * Seal of the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer,

" for the Time being, to be opened only by Order of the u said Chief Baron, in his Presence, or the Presence of " One of the Barons of the Exchequer, on the Appli-<c cation of the said Persons, for the Purpose of Correding and Adjusting, as Occasion shall require, the " Patterns or Models tiled at the said Office, for Sizing " Measures of Length or Weight delivered out to the " Subjects;"

" Resolved, That Models or Patterns of the said Stan-

" dard Yard and Standard Pound aforesaid, and also *‘*Models or Patterns of the Parts or Multiples aforesaid,

" of the said Pound, should be lodged in the said Office,

" for the Sizing.of such Measures of Length or ^Weights,

" as being Parts, Multiples, or Proportions, of the said " Standards, shall hereafter be required by any of his Majesty’s Subjects "

" RejblvedyThat all Measures of Length, and Weights,

<c sized at the find Office, ihouId.be marked in some eon- venient Part thereof, with such Marks as shall be " thought expedient to shew the Identity of the Measures " and Weights sized at the said Office, and to discover " any Frauds that may: be committed therein."

" Rejblvedy That the said Office should he kept within " a convenient Distance of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster\ and that all Measures of Length and ct Weights, within a certain Distance of London^ fluid " be corrected and re-affized, as Occasion shall require,

" at the said Office."

" Resolved, That in order to enforce Uniformity in " Weights and Measures to be used for the future, all "Persons appointed by the Crown to a tt as Justices of <c the Peace, in any County, or City, or Town.corporute,

" beiugrespectiyelvCountieswithinthemfelvcsjthrough-out the Realm, should be empowered to bear and t ie*

" termine, and put the Law in execution, in respect to u Weights and Measures only, without any of them bo- 8" M ing.

io° Decembris.

Lroogie

Ai*my; Mutiny and Dcfcrtion.

Way* and Meant*

Supply,

Army j Mutiny and Desertion.

Supply Bill Land Tax.

Shoreham

Harbour.

686

joe

II

Decembris.

A. 1759-

" ing obliged to sue out a Dedimus, or to act in any <c other Matter; and the said Commissioners should be " impowered to fine and imprison, and to inflict or " mitigate such Penalties as Hiali be thought proper and " have such other Authorities as shall be necessary for <c compelling the Use of Weights and Measures, agreeable to the aforesaid Standards."

" Resolved, That Models or Patterns of the said cc Standard Yard and Pound, and of the Parts and " Multiples thereof before*mentioned, should be distri-" buted in each County, in such manner as to be readily " used for Evidence, in all Cases where Measures and tc Weights shall be questioned before the said Com-w missioners, and for adjusting the same in a proper w Manner."

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesdayMorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Resolutions.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Itefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House' will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourped till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, ii* die Decembris;

Anno 33* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1760, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Constable and Inhabitants of the Borough of New Shoreham, \n the County of Sussex* and of several Persons, Inhabitants of the Boroughs of Horsham, Bramber, and Steyning, and other Places in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Harbour of New *Shoreham hath been.

until of late Years, acommodiousaiid fafePort, and many Ships and Vessels have been bnilt, and aconsiderableTrarJe and Commerce carried on there; bnt that by a Jate Alteration in the Entrance, the Navigation into the said Harbourhathbeen rendered impracticablefor largeShips, and even hazardous for small VesseJs; and alleging. That the said Harbour, being situated in the deepest Part of the Bay, between SpitheadauA Beachey, in themost d;nv-gerous Part of the Channel, where trad ing Vessels are frequently forced ashore, might, if made good by constructing a proper Pier or Piers, and Performance of other Works, be rendered safe and commodious; and that such Piers and Works may be made and maintained by a Duty on the Ships and Vessels, and on Goods brought into or conveyed out of the said Harbour: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for improving, repairing, and maintaining, the Harbour of New Shoreham, with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fideration of aCommittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Peerc Williams, Mr.

Brijloice, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Webb, Mr. Prcbyn, Mr.

Wilkes, Mr Fuller, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. John Yorke,

Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Frederic Mount ague. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Pole, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. llill, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charles TownJhena, Wlv. Plumptre, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Geo. Onslow 9 Mr. Medlycott, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Pelham,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Bull, Mr. Olmius, Mr. lJewett, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Mely-neux, Lord John Cavendish, Niv. Butler, Sir James Creed,

Mr. Brudehell, Mr. Willes, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Wilkinson,

Mr. Thorolon, Lord Villiers, Mr. My ddie ton, M r. Cr after.

Sir Armine Wodehouse *. and all the Members w ho serve for the Counties of Sifjex, Surrey, Kent, and Ejffex, the Cinque Ports, and for the City of London; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Willia?n Wykham Esquire, the Impro- Sulgrave priator and Patron of the Parish Church of Sulgrave, in Indoiure. the County of Northampton, and Owner and Proprietor of commonLands, commonMeado ws, commonPaii u res, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, lying and being in the Parish, Fields, Liberties, Territories, Precincts, and Township of Sulgrave aforesaid; and also of James Wilmot, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church of Sulgrave aforesaid; and others. Owners and Proprietors of common Lands, cominonMeadows, common Pastures, commonGrounds/Tythes, and commonable Lands, iitu-ate, lying, and being, in the Parish, Fields, Liberties, Territories, Precincts, and Township of Sulgrave aforesaid, was presented to the House and read; setting forth.

That there is in the said Parish, Liberties, Territories, Precincts, and ToWnship, one large, open, and common Field, which, together with a certain Parcel of common Meadow Ground, known by the Name of Imnead, and also several other common Pieces and Parcels of Patlure, Meadow, and Grass Ground, contai n 114o Acres or there abouts; and are, in their present Situation, incapable of-Improvement: And therefore praying. That leave may be given for bringing in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, assigning, and allotting, the said common Field, common Meadow, common Pasture, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, or such other Relief in the Premiles, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cartwright and Sir Charles Mor daunt do prepare, and bring iu, the fame.

The

L«

33 Geo<IL ti* — 12° 687

Arcount of The House being informed. That Mr. Needier, Ac-Duty °n countant General to the Commissioners df Excise, at-bpincs. tended at the Door;

lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to thei House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of the Duty upon Spirits distilled between the nth of March 1757, and the 5th of July 1759.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

DifWIation A Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the Pro-°-£heat’ hibition of the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the said Bill.

Foundling The Order of the Day being read, for the House to tioipital. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children; ,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

/ Army; Mr. Raccn reported from the Committee of the whole Mutiny and House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Pdertion. Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Folio 24, Line 20, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Erskine have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Amfink, And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An &c* Act for naturalizing Paid Awfrnk the younger, and Hehvig Leicis Tonnies, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12° die Decembris;

Anno 338 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759.

3Pk A Y E RS.

Removing A M O TION bcingmade, That the Report,which, Gunpowder -YjL upon the 5th Day of this Instant December, was Mtgttiae made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of ?'Mn h several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Inhabitants to^urflcct. Greenwich, and Places adjacent, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants, was referred, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House, be now taken into Consideration

Vol. 28.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty,* having been informed of the Subject Matter of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Report was in Part reads.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ,* having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Residue of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth: viz:

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. JoJ'eph Martyr, and Mr. John Shipman, being severally examined, laid, That there is a Magazinefor Gunpowder within a Quarter of a Mile of the Town of Greenwich, where tiiere is a Royal Palace, and a Royal Hospital for Seamen, a new Church, and other considerable Buildings.

Mr. Thomas Furnis, Store-keeper at the said Magazine, being examined, informed your Committee, That the usual Quantity of Gunpowder, kept in the said Magazine, has, upon a Medium, for some Years past, been from Four to Sixthousand Barrels; that the only Security to the said Magazine, is an open Fence, Eight Feet high, which is at the Distance of about Eight or Ten Feet from the Building; but that there are Cen-tries constantly placed there.

Then a Copy of a Report made to the principal Officers of his Majesty’s Ordnance, by William Skinner, JuJily Watson, Archibald Patowi, J. P. Defmaretz, Engineers, which was presented to the House, upon the 13th Day of December 1754, and now referred to' your Committee, was in Part read; whereby it appears’ to have been the Opinion of the said Engineers, that as to the Damage which might arise, in case the said Magazine was to blowup* with Six or Eight thousand Barrels of Powder in it, it would not be easy to deter- mine the dreadful Eft’eft, but were unanimously of Opinion, that the Town of Eafi Greenwich and Royal Hospital adjoining, would greatly suffer by such Ex-plofion and Re-action of the Air, which would not only cause many Houses to fall, but destroy the upper Struftures of the neighbouring Buildings* and endanger the Lives of the Inhabitants; and that it would destroy the Banks of the River Thames, and lay under Water the whole Level of Marsh Land, situated between Greenwich and Woolwich, which would greatly obstruct the Navigation of the River, by making a Breach as difficult to flop as that at Dagenham was.

A Member present, one of the principal Officers of his Majesty’s Ordnance, informed your Committee, That he agreed in Opinion with the said Engineers, and added, That he thought the Explofion would extend as far as the lower Part of Deptford; and would also affest the opposite Shore.

And the said Member further added. That the said Magazine is in a very bad Condition; that it has been examined into by Direction of the Board of Ordnance* and the Foundation found to be very bad; that the Building stands merely upon Shoars, which have lieen lately replaced, the former ones being decayed; that if the said Magazine was to fall, in his Opinion it would fire the Powder; that where there is a Proof House for Gunpowder, there must be a Magazine sufficient to hold 2000 Barrels.

Mr. William Robinson, a Surveyor, being called, informed your Committee, That he, together with Mr* Joseph Pratt, Bricklayer, and Mr. James Morrifs, Carpenter, had, pursuant to Direction from the Board of Ordnance, lately surveyed the said Magazine; and he delivered in to your Committee, a Paper, which he said contained their Remarks, Observations, and Opinion relating thereto, which are as follow; viz.

<( Greenwich, 5th November 1759.

<c We, the under-written, having taken a strict Survey and Examination of the State and Condition of 4< the Powder Magazinebelow Greenwich, the following

" Remarks

688 i 2° Decembris. A. 1759.

Removing Remarks and Observations occurred, and From thence

MagazineCf ’* we >^ave subjoined our Opinions." from C . " The whole Building is suppbrted by Shears; moll Greenwich " of the lower Ends of which in and near the Ground, to Purfleet. are decayed, insomuch that those bottom Parts of the <c Shoars are now strengfliening by additional Braces,

" the decayed Parts cut off', and new Ends put to " them, with frefti Oak Bases.

" The Foundations of the Walls have no Footing or " Off-sett,. being only built on Two Layers oF Oak " Plank, the greatest Part oF which Plank is quite decayed, the interior Walls are greatly cracked, and " the Beams of the lower or First Floor, are very much " decayed.

" The Walls of the next Story are more cracked,

<c and the Quoins twilled and drawn, by the settling and declining of the outside Walls.

" The upper Story has the same Defe6ls, but in a " greater Degree.

" Upon viewing the Parapet Walls From the Leads,

" they were Found to be all Curves of 3 or 3J Inches,

*'.out of strait Lines, and all drawn outward.

" Upon plumming the Walls, the North Side of the " North East Angle batters Inches, the East Side of " the same Angle over-hangs 6‘| Inches, the Middle of " the East Front over-hangs 7^ Inches, and the Middle " of the South Front over-hangs 5J Inches.

" It must be remarked, That on the East Side, where " the Wall over-hangs tnoft, the Planking of the Foundation is iniirely rotted, and the Brick Work left <c naked."

" Upon viewing and examining this Building, with v the utmost Care and Attention, and from maturely " confideving the foregoing Observations, we are of " Opinion, that the original Failing of this Building,

arises from the first bad Con struction of the Edifice; and <c as the Foundation is so visibly funk, and thereby has " endangered the Destruction of the Whole, we are of " Opinion, that had it not been supported by the Shoars,

" it would inall Probability have been down before now.

" We are further of Opinion, That after the Work u now doing, by the Direction of the honourable Board " of Ordnance, is fmished, which we are informed will " be done in a few Weeks, this Building may stand for #c Tome little Time longer, but how far the coming wet " Season may affect, and hasten its Destruction, we " dare not venture to determine upon.

" And we are also of Opinion, That all Powder, or

other Stores of Weight, ftionld by no means be admitted into any Part of the Building, but the Ground " Floor.

" And we cannot omit mentioning, that the Powder " w6faw in the Magazine, wasftowed with the Bouge u of the Barrels against the Walls, by which Means the " Pressure of the Weight of the Powder lies against " the exterior Walls, which are already too much weak- ened to bear any addition of their pi efent Weaknels;

" and therefore recommend, that the Barrels be flowed

with their Heads towards the Walls, and at some " Distance from them.

<c Wm. Rob info/I,

" Copy." . " Jof Pratt,

" James Morrtfs"

' Then the Residue of the before-mentioned Report was read, whereby it'appeared. That the said Engineers had viewed the River from Greenwich to Grave]end, and found at Purjleet, a most proper Place for erecting a Magazine, it being situated on a riling Ground, near the Border.of the River, on the Essex Shore, at the North End of Long Peachy where the Men of War generally take in their Powder; and that Pur fleet was preferable to any other Place they could find, on Account of its folicl and dry Foundation, which would not only greatly preserve the Powder, but that likewise a considerable Expence would be favcd bjr erecting a Magazine tilers, mon* than wool i be any where between Greenwich And GravefrnJ, as the Foundation of the other Places they examined were Clay or Mailli;

besides which, in case of any Accident, the Damage Would not affefil the Navigation of the River, as there are no Banks to destroy; and that Purfleet is likewise free from any of the Objections made against Greenwich, as it lies Four Miles from Grays, Three from Erith, and Two from Avely, the nearest Towns or Villages.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the present Magazine for Gunpowder, near the Town of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, is very improperly and dangerously situated.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That notwithstanding great Care has been taken to support the said Magazine, the same is utterly incapable of being effectually repaired.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Purfleet, in the County of Essex, is a proper Place for the erecting of a Powder Magazine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for taking down and removing the said Magazine at Greenwich.

The Three First of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question.

Severally put thereupon, agreed.to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majestyv

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Distillatioa to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, from Wheat, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the &c* Prohibition of the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunded the Chair.

Sir^o/w Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him tore-port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir John Philipps accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Weights and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Meifuw. take into Consideration the Resolutions, which, upon the 26th Day of March 1758, were reported from the Committee, appointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom, and to consider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion of the most effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures, to be u fed for the future; and which, upon the Second Day of June following, were,

\vith Amendments to fevoriil of them, agreed to by the House; and also the Resolutions, which, upon the nth Day of April last, were reported from the Committee appointed to inquire into the original Standards of 'ri eights and Measures in this Kingdom, and to consider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their ObservaLoiiS thereupon, together with their Opinion of

33 Geo. II. 120 — 130

the moil efifeftiial Means for afccrfniiiing and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future; and which were the next Day agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole llouie.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

- ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Frida}) Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider-further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinaries incurred to the 24th November 1759, and not provided for hv Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Distribution of £. 500,000, voted upon Account for the extraordinary Services of the combined Army in Germany, and of £. 1,000,000 i(Tiled pursuant to the Power given by an . Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1759, and take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who have died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who w ere married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Then thelloufe resolved itself into the fuid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friden/ Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other C/rder of the Day being read;

Army; Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Re-

Miitm/and port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Desertion. the Bill for punishing MuStjy and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 130 die;

Anno 33' Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759. Prayers.

AM ESS A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Mountagu i Vo l. 28.

Decembris \ 689

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act jjappl* for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Du- Ma 1 ties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1760; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Aei Militia to enable his Majesty’s Lieutenants of the several Coun- Laws* ties, Ridings, or Places, in that Part of Great Britain Called England, to proceed in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, notwithstanding any Suspension of the fame: and for other Purposes relating to the said Laws; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Fife, Distillation was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That from Graln* the Petitioners have been informed, that a Bill is depending in Parliament for continuing the Prohibition of the Distillery of Grain; and representing to the House, the pernicious Consequences which, the Petitioners allege, muff; ensue to them, and the rell of the Landholders of Great Britain, by the passing of the said Bill; and further representing, that such a Prohibition mud fall peculiarly hard on the Inhabitants of North Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits, from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, be read the Third time.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits, from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, was read the Third time; and Mr. Speaker opened, in Part, the Bill.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Deputy Gentleman Usher Royal Assent of the Black Rod: Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission for declaring his Royal Assent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers:

Where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to several public Bills therein mentionedand also empowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord KeepeF of the Great Seal, and the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills:

And that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal; and the Lord Anson, named also in the said Commission; did, by virtue of the said Commission, and also of his Majesty’s Commission, for holding this Parliament, accordingly declare, and notify, the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1760:

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1760:

An Act to enable his Majesty’s Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, or Places, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to proceed in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, notwithstanding any 8 N Suspension

Di (filiation from Whets See.

Supply.

State of the Distitlcry.

Weight* and Mca lures.

13° — 140 D

A. 1759.

Suspension of the fame; and for other Purposes relating to the said Laws.

Then Mr. Speaker opened the Remainder of the in-i g rotted Bill, to continue, for a Time to be limited, the Prohibition of the making oflow Wines and Spirits, from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

- Pr. 1. L. 43. After, "Continuation," to insert, "of the said Acts, or of any Parts thereof*.’7

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly;

Refdvcd, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to continue, for a further Time, the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits, from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read *, and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Forty-two Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the paying of Penfioiis to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Laild Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25 th of December 1716, for the Year 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred Fifty-three thousand Three hundred and Two Pounds Fifteen Shillings Five Pence Half-penny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expefices of his Majesty Land Forces, and other Services incurred, to the 24th Day of November 1759, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That the Sum of One million be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to discharge the like Sum raised in ptnrfuance of ah A6fc, made in the last Session of Parliament, and charged upon the First Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Qtfeftion severally put thereupon, agr^dd to by the House.

1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 21st Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Distilfery.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to rtfofvte itself into a Committee of the whole House, tb take into Cohfider&tioO the Resolutions, which, upon the 26th Day of March 1758, were reported from the Committee, appointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom; and to consider the Lfcws delating thereto; and to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion of the lDoft ette&nal Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to beuled for the future; and which, upon the Second Day of June following, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and also the Resolutions, which, upon the nth Day of Ajrril last, were reported from the Committee, appointedtoi require into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom; and to consider the Latvs relating the re* to; and to report their Observations thereupon* together with their Opinion of the most effectual Means for ascertainingand enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and 3^afures to beufed for the future; and which were the next Day agreed to by the House, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tueflay Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Foundling Committee of the whole House, to take into Confide- Hatyitii ration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved9T[wL\ this House will, upon Titurfday the 24th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into farther Consideration the

State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Army*

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Mutiny Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defection, and for the C)cf€rlifta* better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, be further adjourned till To morrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1 eneris, 14* die Decembris;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Ditto. " the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bdl for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ifhe House resumed the further Consideration of the said Report:

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Queeftion severally putthereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,'with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

The Order of the Day being read, fbrthfc House to ^ay* and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Meaas. consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Convention between his Majesty and the King of Prtiffia, concluded and signed at London, the 9th November, 1759; and Translation; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr.

Supple.

_J

Amfinck, kc. Nat.

Sapply.

settlements gained by Land Tax.

Army, Mutiny and Deftriion.

3 3 GeO. II. 140 — 1f Decembris. 6q 1

Mr. Speaker left the ChaiC.

Mr, Charlton took the Chair of the Comhlittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee; that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee td move, that they may-have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

r* »»- ‘ — 1 — - ‘ — ..... — ‘

Lunee,1j° die Decembris;

Anno 33® Georgii It11 Regis, 1759. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Paul Amfinck the younger, and Helioig Lewis Tonnies, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Fuller, Mr. IViIkes, Mr. Forrefier, Mr, Cadogan, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Kunaston, Mr. Gore, Mr. Brijlozve, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bagot, Mr. George Oiijloiv, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Earle, Mr. Thoroion, Mr. Gafliry, Mr. Medlycott, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Latencies, Mr. Harris, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Morton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fletcher, S\v Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Ptf£, Sir £//*> Cunliffe, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Montgomery;, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Calthorpe, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. JLilkinfon, Mr. Lexvis, Sir JWtrt CroJ/e-y and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Charlton, according tb Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Rxfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sirm, not exceeding Six hundred and Seventy thousand Poands be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the King of Prussia, pursuant to a Convention between his Majesty and the King of Prussia, concluded November the 9th, 1759.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do Carry the Bill to the Lotds, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Dnv for the House tb supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Iloiife resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed hint to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to tit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tb consider further of the Supply granted to' his Majesty.

The otherOrder of the Day being read, for the House ^ays to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Means, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the Duties on Malt and Hops, from Midsummer 1720, to Midfammer 1750; distinguishingeach Year *, which was p relented to the House upon the 26th Day of February 1750; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Nett Produce of the Duties on Malt and Hops, froth Christmtts 1746, to Christmas 1750; which was presented to the House upon the 15th Day of March 175b; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Nett Produce oft the Duties upon Malt^ for Seven Years, to Midsummer 1753; distinguishing each Yeiar; be referred to the said Committee.-

Then the Hbufe Resolved itself iiito the said Coth-rbittee.

Mr; Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee'.

Mr. Speaker rfcfumed the Chair.

M r. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to teport, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

M r. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may hate Leave to fit again.

ResolvedfYhat this House will, upon tVednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confidbf further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.'

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Ordered, That Mr. Morton be added to the Gentle- Settlement! prevent Occupiers of Tenements, under certain yearly men, who are appointed so prepare, and bring in, a Bill gained by Rents, from gaining Settlements in any Parish, Town, to prevent Occupiers of Tenements, under certain yearly Land Tax. Hamlet, or l^ace, by reason of their being rated to the Rents, from gaining Settlements in any Parish, Town,

Land Tax, and paying such Rates for their Landlords: Hamlet, or Place, by reaifon of their being rated to the

And that Sir John Ctoffe, Mr. Cooke, Major General Land Tax, and paying such Rates for their Landlords.

Conrwallis, Sir William Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Belchier, and M And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Morning, Nine of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defection, and for the better Payment of the Army and theiC Quarters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters Vox,. 2$.

692

18° Decembris.

j. 1759.

Martis, 18# die DeWnbris \

Anno 33° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1759* Prayers.

Amfinck’s, O IR Henry Erskine reported from the Committee, fcc.Nat. to whom the iugrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Paul A mjinek the younger, and Hdicig Lewis Tonnies, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

Burton , A Petition of the Gentlemen, Ciergy, Freeholders, and Bridge, See. other principal Inhabitants, of the Counties of Stafford* Road. Derby, leicefier, and Warwick, whose Names are there-

unto subscribed, residing in and near the Roads and Places therein-after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the High Road leading from Burton Bridge,\w or near Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through Stapen Hill, Stanton, and Co file Grejley, in the County of Derby, to Overfeal, in the County of Leicester, and from thence to Measham, in the County of Derby, and from thence through Newton, Odson, Barton, Market Bojivorth, by Sutton and Dad-lington, to Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, and from Belchers, in the Road betwixt Nelf on and Ibfiock, in the County of Leicester, to Hoop Hall, near Bojivorth aforesaid; and also from Measham aforesaid, through Snaref-ton, and the Parish of Norton, near Twycross, to and through Twycross, and from Txvycross, to and through Great Sheepy, in the said County of Leicester, and from thence to Filand, otherwise Fieldon Bridge, near Ather-Jlpne, in the County of Warwick, and from the Town of Tamicorth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, through Polefworlh, and on the direct Road over Lovatts Bridge, to Market Bosworth, and from thence by Sutton, $nd through Peckleton fmto the moil convenient Part of the Turnpike Road, leading from Earl Shelton to Leicester’, are in many Parts thereof very ruinous pand that, in the Winter Season, Carriages cannot pass without great Danger and Difficulty, and in some Places so narrow that Carriages cannot pass by each other: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the said Roads, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committeee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof*, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Villiers, Mr. Tuck field, Mr. Grenville, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Morton, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Ward, Mr. John Bailer, Nlv. Gibbons, Mr. Samuel Marlin, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Pole, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Scott, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Walter, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Locke, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Che/wynd, Mr. Hume, Sir James Creed, Mr. Baxpi-tun, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Finch, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fane, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gore, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. West, General Holmes, Mr. Webb, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Willes, Mr. Olmiits, Mr. Lewis, Mr. OJfleij, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Geo. Onslow; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Derby, Warwick, Leicester, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;, and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas How, John Bland, Siephen Rozve, Devereux Bow ley, Luke Hinde, James Hill, and Thomas Jackson, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the present Trustees, and grand Committee of the Partnership, called the Pcnjylvania Land Company, in London, 18

Pensylvania

Company’s

Estatei.

atld also on Behalf of all other Persons interceded in the said Partnership, was presented to the House, and read *, reciting, That by Indentures of Lease and Release, hearing Date respectively the nth and 12th Days o{August 1669, and made between William Penn Esquhe, of the-One Part, and Tobias Collett, Michael Ruff'd, Daniel Quare, and Henry Gouldney, of the other Part; the said WiUliam Penn, in Consideration of f 2,000, conveyed to the said Tobias Collett, Michael Ruff'd, Daniel Quare, and Henry Gouldney, feveraJLots of Land; and also 60,000 Acres of Land in Pensylvania, in the said Indentures described, under the yearly Rent of Two Beaver Skins, if demandedand also reciting, that by One other Indenture, bearing Date the said 12th Day of August 1669, the said purchased Premises, and also the Money therein mentioned to have been advanced, for the Purposes therein specified, were declared to be in Trust for the several Persons therein named, who thereby entered into a Partnership together; and that by the said Indenture, it was declared, that the said Partnership should be managed by a grand Committee, to be chose, from time to time, in manner thereby directed, who were inverted with the several Powers therein mentioned, and were particularly authorised to fell any Lands that should belong to the said Partnership; and also out of tile said Partnership Estate, to purchase any other Lands; and that by such Indenture, sundry Regulations were made for the Management and carrying on the said Partner-ftiip; and that thelnterest in the said Partnership, was divided into 220 Shares; and that the Proprietors of such Shares were to be called the Penfylihnia Land Company, in London; and that the several Parties in the said last mentioned Indenture, were declared to be interested in such Shares, in the Proportions mentioned in a Schedule to the said Indenture; and setting forth. That about the latter End of the Year 1719, or the Beginning of the Year 1720, the said 220 Shares were divided into 8,800 Shares, and Receipts were delivered out, by which the Bearers thereof became intitled to the Shares therein mentioned; and that in and ftnee the said Year 1720, Claims have only been made on the said Part-nerftiip, under the said Receipts, for 8,304 Shares, Part of the said 8,800Shares; and that before and since the Year 1720, several Purchases of Freehold Lands in America have been made, on Account of the said Partnership, and have been conveyed to Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust for the said Partnership; and that the said Partnership or their Trustees, or Agents in Penjylvania, with the Privity of the Grand Committee of the said Partnership, have before, and since the said Year 1720, fold and conveyed away in Fee, some of the Lands in Pensylvania, which had been so purchased in Trust as aforesaid; and that the Lands and Tenementsin^/^nc<7, which now belong to the said Partnership, and remain unfold, are greatly increased in their Value; and if the same could be all fold, would raise a very considerable Sum of Money, to be divided amongst the Persons interested in the said 8,800 Shares, or the Receipts given out as aforesaid for the fame, no Dividend having ever been made from the said Partnership Estates, since the Commencement of the said Partnership; and that it will be for the Benefit of all Persons intitled to any of the said 8,800 Shares or Receipts, that sftl Lands and Tenements in America, which now belong to, or are held in Trust for, the said Partnership, should, with all convenient Speed, be fold; and that the Money arising therefrom,after all Charges and Payments shall be thereout in the First Place satisfied, should, together with the Net Rents and Profits of the said Premises, until Sale, and the Balance of all Cash, which, after such Sale, on making up the said Partnership Accounts, shall remain in Hand, after all Debts of, andjuft Demands on, the said Partnership, shall be fully satisfied, be divided amongst the respective Parties intitled to the said 8,800 Shares, or the Receipts given out as aforesaid for the fame; and alleging. That some Persons now incline to purchase such Lands and Premises, but refuse to treat and agree for the fame, unless all Persons

interefted

53 Geo. II. i Decembris.693

interested in any of the said 8,800 Shares or Receipts, unclaimed Shares, shall be applied; and also for directing shall join in such Sales, and in the Conveyances which how the Net Money which shall arise by such Sales, and Hiall be requififce lo be made in Consequence thereof; or other Estate of the said Partnership, shall, from time to unless such Lands and Tenements shall, by Authority of time, be applied; and for such other Relief in the Pre-Parliament, be veiled in Trustees, to be sold; arid so as mises, as to the House shall seem meet, and thfe Nature that thCrespectivePurchafers thereof may hold and enjoy of the same shall require.

the Premi fes whibh they shall respectively purchase, dif- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- charged from all the Trusts of the said Partnership, and fideration of a Committee: And that they doexamine the from all Claims and Demands thereon, of every Person Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear interested in the said Partnership, by reason of having any to them, to the House: ...VfC*

of the said 8,800 Shares, or any Receipt or Receipts And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. given out as aforesaid; but it being impracticable to get Grenville, Mr. Webb, Mr. Henry Grenville, Sir John all Persons interested in the said 8,800 Shares or Receipts Philipps, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Chancellor of the to join with the Trustees, in whom the Inheritance of the Exchequer, Mr. Forrester, Mr. West, Mr. Bacon, Sir said Premises is now veiled in Tntft as aforesaid, in the CharlesMordaunt, Mr. Mabbot, Mr. L0rewcfe.fr, Mr.11ume.

Sale of the said Premises, and in the Conveyances which Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Buller, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Smith; Mr. shall be necessary to be executed inConsequence thereof, Cooke, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. as it is unknown who are now severally intitled to 496 Coventry, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Jones, Mr.

Shares, the Number remaining unclaimed of the said Crafter, Mr. Fane, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Frederick, Mr.

8,800 Shares or the Receipts for the fame, and from the Oswald, Mr. Morton, Mr. Gdo. Onjloxv, Mr. Jenyiis, Sir Length of Time fmee the said Year 1720, many of such William Calvert, Mr. Pole, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProBor,

Receipts are supposed to be loll or mislaid: And as the Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Probyn, Admiral Griffini felling and parcelling out the said Lands in America, may Mr. Sandys, General HolmeS, Mr Bayntun, Mr. Cocks, greatly tend to peopling the Colony of Pensylvania, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Fanereau, Mr. Offley, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Chauncy Townjend, Mr Montagu, in a Bill, by which all the Estates held in Trull for the Mr. Dicker, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Willey, Mr. 01 mi us, Mr. said Partnership in America, may be veiled in certain Cartwright, Mr. Earle, Sir James Creed, Mr. Lewis,

Trustees, to be sold; and that the Purchasers thereof Sir Robert Lad broke, Mr. Culebruoke, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. may, on Payment of their respective Purchase Money, Lejlie, Mr. Cadogan; and all the Gentlemen of the which they shall agree to pay to such Trustees, or their Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House; And Agents in Pensylvania, quietly enjoy the Parts of the they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in Lairds and Tenements, which they shall respectively pur- the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for chafe,discharged from all Claimsofany Personsinterested Persons, Papers,* and Records, in any of the said 8,800 Shares, or any Receipts given out

as aforesaidforthe fame, and forascertaining how Persons Mr. Oswald, from the Commissioners for Trade and Civil Estab-

intitled to the said96 unclaimedShares,or the Receipts Plantations, presented to the House, by his Majesty’s lament of gi ven as aforesaid for the fame, shall make out their respec- Command, Georgia,

tive Rights thereto, or in Default thereof, that they may AnEstimate of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s

severally beexcludedfrom receiving any Dividend of the Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences at-Money, which shall arise from the Estates which shall be tending the fame, from the 24th of June 1759, to the fold, and other the Partnership Estate; and for directing 24th of June 1760.

how the Dividend, in respect of all unclaimed Shares, And the Title of the said Estimate was read,

or the Receipts given out as aforesaid, for any of such The said Estimate is as follows;

An ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1759, to the 24th of June 1760.

To the Salaries of the Governor, and other Officers and Magistrates, establifiled in the Colony - 2^120 To an Allowance to a Minister of the Church of England, established at Savannah - -1 70

To the Salaries of Two School-in afters, One at Savannah, and One at Vernonbjerg and Acton - 32

To an Allowance to the Pilot, ilationed at the Mouth of Savonnah River, with a Boat and sufficient

Hands

To repairing the public Buildings, entertaining the Indidns, and other contingent Expences -To the Salary of an Agent appointed here for the Affairs of the Colony -To a Continuation of the Provisions made by the Trustees, for pnrehafing from the Growers, the Balls or Cocoons of Raw Silk, as an Encouragement to the Growth and Culture of it.

s. d\

50

435

35°

io —

1,000-----

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Importation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of Beef, fcc. to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lanerk Orderedi That Mr. Speaker do rffue his Warrant to the

Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for theelefting of aComraifiioner to serve in this present Parliament

VOL. 28,

4,057 10

for the Shire of Lanerk, in the room of James Fere,

Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That there belaid before thisHouse,- an Ac- ^cconntg of count of the Produce of the Duties of Customs and Duty on Excise in Scotland, upon home-made Spirits, and also Spirit*, &c. on Spirits imported into Scotland, from the 25th of December 1746, to Michaelmas 1759; distinguisliingeach Year, and the Places from whence imported; as also the Kinds of Spirits.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an A9-count of the Du ties repaid for Spirits exported from Scotland, from the 25th of December 1746, to Michaelmas 1759^ distinguishing each Year, and the Places of Exportation, as also the Kinds of Spirits,

8. O Orderedv

4

694 18° Decembris. . 175.9.

r

Supply.

Ways and Keans.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Spirits carried Coast-wife from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England\ from the 25th ot December 1746, to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishingeaeh Year, and the several Kinds of Spirits.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities and Produce of Brandy, Rum, and other Spirits, seized and condemned in Scotland, from the 25th ot December 1746, to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year; as also the Kinds of Spirits.

Ordered, That there belaid beforethis House, anAc-count of the Duties arising from Sugar imported into Scotland, and of the Quantities of Sugar carried coast-wife from England into Scotland, from the 25th of December 1746, to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duties on Spirits, distjlled from Melasses, in Scotland, from the 25th of December 1746, to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards enabling the principal Officers of his Majesty’s Ordnance to defray the necessary Charges and Expences of takingdown and removing the present Magazine for Gunpowder, and all Buildings belonging thereto, (ituatednear the Town of Greenwich, intheCountyof Kent, and of erecting anew Maga-zineforGunpowder, and other Buildings necefiarvthereto, in fomemoreproperandlefsdangerousSituation; and to enable the said principal Officers to purchase Lands for that Purpose.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the House of Wednesday last, " That Purjket, in the County €l of Essex, is a proper Place for the erecting of a Powder " Magazine," might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill upon the said Resolution; and also upon the Resolution this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and agreed to by the House: And that ^Ar.Cooke, Sir James Creed, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, the Lord Ligonier, Mr. Charles Frederick, Mr. Earle, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Cocks, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising t he Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Rcfotved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, toward raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Eight Millions be raised by transferrable Annuities, after the Rate of £.4 per Centum per Annum; andttiat an additional Capital of Three Pounds be added toeveryOnehundred Pounds advanced; which additional Capital shall confilt of a Lottery Ticket of the Value of Three Pounds, to be attended with like transferrable Annuities, after the Rate of per Centum per Annum,

to commence from the 5th Day of January 1761, for 20 Years, and then to Hand reduced to £. 3 per Centum per 19 '

Annum; and that the said Sum of Eight Millions, do bear an interest after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of January 1760, for 2i Years from thenceforward, and then to stand reduced to £. sperCentum per Annum, the said several Annuitiesto be transferrable attheBank of Englandjxnd to be redeemable by Parliament, in the Whole, or in Part, by Sums not less than £. 500,000 at One Time, after the Expiration of 21 Years, to be reckoned from the 5th Day of January 1760, and not sooner; Six Months Notice having been given of such PaymentorPayments respectire-ly; that every Subscriber shall, on or before t he 1 -}t hDay of January next, make a Deposit of £. 15 per Centum, on such Sum as he shall choose tofubferibe, towards raising the said Sum of Eight Millions, with the Cathiers-of the Bank of England, as aSecurity for his making the future Payments on or before the Times herein limited; that is to say,

Ten per Cent. on or before the 26 th Day of February next.

Ten per Cent. on or before the 2 5 th Day of March next.

Ten per Cent, on or before the 29th Day ot April next.

Ten per Cent, on or before the 31 ft Day of May next.

Ten per Cent, on or before the 3d Day oh July next.

Fifteen per Cc/tt. on or before the 14th Day ot Augtijl next. '

Ten per Cent. on or before the 16th Day of‘ September next.

Ten per Cent. on or before the 29th Day of October nexfci

Which several fumsfo received, shall, by the said Cashiers, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from time to time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House, in this Session of Parliament, andnototherwise; and that such of the Proprietors of Tallies and Orders, made out at the Exchequer, by virtue of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of Onemillron, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, as shall he desirous of subscribing a Sum equal to the principal Sum contained in such respective Orders, and shall, on or before the 8th Day of January next, produce their said Orders, and signify such their Desire to the said Cashiers, shall be admitted Subscribers for such Sums; and that any Tallies and Orders madeout at the Exchequer, by virtue of the said Act, shall be received by the said Cashiers, as Cash, to the Amount of the respective Sums contained in such Tallies and Orders, and the Interest that shall be then due thereupon, as well in making the said Deposit, as in all subsequent Payments; and that the Tallies and Orders so received, shall be taken at. the Receipt of the Exchequer, and allowed in the Payments to be made by the said Cashiers, for the Amount of such principal Sums and Interest; and that every Subscriber, who shall pay in the Whole of his Subscription, on or before the 16th Day of September next, shall be allowed aDifcount, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, from, the Day such Subscription shall be focompleted, to the 29th Day of Ofitober next.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid for every Bulh 1 of Malt, which shall be made in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Sum of Three Pence; and for every Bushel of Malt, which shall be made in that Part of Great Britain called ScotlanftUeSum of OnePenny Halfpenny; and so proportionably for a greater or letter Quantity, to be paid by the Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid for every Bushel of Malt, which shall be brought from Scotland into England, Wales, of Ber-zvickupon Tweed, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny, and so proportionably for any greater or letter Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Annuities and Lottery bechargedupon the*

; - said

53 Geo. IL i8° — 190

said Duties on Malt, for which the Sinking Fund shall be the collateral Security.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. James Grenville, the Lord North, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. West, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Oughts and The House resolved itself into a Committee of the urC8# whole House, to take into Consideration the Resolutions, which, upon the 26th Day of March 1758, were reported from the Committee, appointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom; and to consider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion of the moll effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future; and which, upon the Second Day of June following, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and alTo the Resolutions, which, upon the nth Day of April last, were reported from the Committee, appointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom; and to consider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion of the moll effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future; and which Were the next Day agreed to by the House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Carysfort took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed hini to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 19* die Decern bris;

Anno 33° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1759. Prayers.

Dalkeith A PET ITIO N of the Baron Bailie, and other In-Two-pennies habitants, of the Town of Dalkeith, in the County Sc°t8 of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Streets of the said Town are in a ruinous Condition; and that the Inhabitants are at present in great Want of fresh and wholesome Water, which might easily be obtained, ifasufficient Fund was raised for defraying the Expence of conveying the same to the Town; that tkeNumberof Inhabitants of the said Town is of late Years very much increased, so that it becomes necessary to employ an Assistant to the Minister of the said Parish; that the Town are possessed of no Revenue, and consequently are altogether unable to defray the Expence of the aforesaid public Works: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for layingon a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended, within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith, to be applied to the Purposes aforesaid, under such Terms, and with such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Vol. 28.

Decemhris. 695

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Tmnjhcnd, Mr.

Brudenell, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Fane, Mr. Chetwynd,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Westfuling, Mr. Finch, General Holmes, Mr. Herbert, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Powell, Mr.

Gajhry, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Walter, Mr. Butler, Mr.'

Thomas Walpole, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Probyn, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Mabbott.

General Conway, Mr. Harris, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Robert Brudenell, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Freeman; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for Persons. Papers, and Records,

The Lord' Carysfort, according to Order; reported Weights and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Measures, was referred to take into Consideration the Resolutions, which, upon the 26th Day of March 1758, were reported from the Committee, appointed to inquire iuto the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom; and to consider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion of themost effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future; and which, upon the Second Day of June following, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and also the Resolutions* which, upon the nth Day of April last, were reported from the Committee, appointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom; and to consider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion, of themost effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future; and which were the next Day agreed to by the House; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That every Person making or felling Measures of Capacity, shall be obliged to takeout an annual Licence, within the Space of Forty Davsafter aDay to belimited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tlris Committee,

That a Stamp Duty be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which every such Licence shall be ingroifed* written* or printed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That there be paid for every affizing, sealing* or marking* every Gallon, or greater Measure of Capacity, the Sum of Three Pence; for every Quart, or other greater Measure less than One Gallon* th6 Sum of Two Pence; and for every Measure less than a Quart, One Penny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That every Person making and felling of Weights, shall be obliged to take out an annual Licence, within the Space of Forty Days after a Day to be limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Stamp Duty be charged upon every Pi£ce of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper* on which every such Licence shall be ingrossed* written, or printed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion erf this Committee*

That there be paid for the First affizing* sealing, or marking, of every Weight* not being less than Sixty-eight Pounds One Ounce and Twelve Penny-Weight* the Sum of Three Pence; and for every re-affizing, repealing* orcorrecting any such Weight, the Sum of One Penny Halfpennyj for tleFirft affizing, sealing, or mark-' ing of every Weight, being more than One Pound Two Ounces and Twelve Penny Weight, and less than Sixty-eight Pounds One Ounce and Twelve Penny-weight, the

Joogl<

Am fi nek’s \c. Nut.

K.rkaklie>

&c.

Wiit.

Supply.

Ways and Means

Supply.

£>96

Sum of Two Pence; and for every re-aflizing, rc-seal ing, or correcting every such Weight, One Penny; and for every afiizing, sealing, or marking, of every Weight, being more than Half of One Ounce, and less than One Pound Two Ounces and Twelve Penny Weight, the Sum of One Halfpenny; and for every HalfOunce, and other inferior Weight, One Farthing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That there be paid for every afiizing,sealing, or marking every Measur of Length, the Sum of One Penny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Monies which dial I arise by the Lid Stamp Duties, and by the Afiizing, Sealing, and Marking of Weights and Measures as aforesaid, ought to be applied in discharging the Expence of carrying into Execution the Regulations proposed to be established, by the Resolutions relating to Weights and Measures, which were agreed to by the House, on the Second Day of June 1758, and the Twelfth Day of April 1759.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Paul Avijinck the younger, and Helzvig Lewis Tonnies,' was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Erf cine do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without.any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ejecting of a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs, of KirJcaldie, Kinghorn, Bruntisland, and Dyfart, in the Room of James Ofie aid Esquire, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Ma-

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Ol der of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Three Weeks, the Fourteenth Day of January next, resolve it self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Convention between his Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejfe same I, concluded and iigned at London, the gth of November 1759, for the Renewal of the separate Article, annexed to the Treaty of the 17th of January 1759, between his Majesty and his Serene Highness; and *1 ranflation; be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, That the Account of all Monies received and paid by the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, from the 31st of December 1758, to the 29th Day of September 1759, Wlt^ ^le Balance then remaining, be referred to the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty re-

A. 1759.

commends to the Consideration of the House, the further Care of the said Charity.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That what Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer has now acquainted the House with, from his Majesty, be referred to the; Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved. itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which-they had directed him to report, when the House wdll please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Three Weeks, the Fourteenth Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilks have Leave to make a Foundling Motion, it being near Four of the Clock: HoipiuL

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, what Number of the Children received into the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children, from tfte 31st of December 1758, to the 29th of September 1 759, have died within that Time.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Distillatira Account of the Quantity of Spirits distilled from Corn, from Grain, from Midsummer 1744, to Midsummer 1757, distin- &c‘ guilliing each Year; and also an Account of the Quantity of Spirits distilled from Melasses, from Midsummer 1744, to the present Time; distinguisiiing each Year; and also an Account of the Quantity of Spirits imported since Midsummer 1744, distinguisiiing the several Sorts, and the Years; and also an Account of the Quantity of Spirits exported since Midsummer 1744, distinguisiiing the several Sorts, and the Years.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun have Leave to make a Account of Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ail Account of the Net Produce of the Duties upon Malt, since Midsummer 1758; and also an Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Spirits, Brandy, and Rum, since 5th July 17 59'» a°d a an Account of the Gross Produce of the Duties on Beer and Ale, since 5th July 1759; and also an Account of the Produce of the Duty upon Spirits, distilled since 5th July 1759.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to BriftolWrit, the Clerk of the Crowm, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of Bristol, in the Room of the Right honourable Robert Nugent Esquire, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Pay-master General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

190 Decembris.

Clerk of the House.

Army;

Mutiny and Dcfcrriion.

Distillation from Grain, kc.

Adjournment.

Royal Assent to Bills.

N<*rw ich Writ.

33 Geo. II.

fco Decembrh

Jovis, 20° die Decembris;

accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Anno 330 Georgii IIdi Regis 1759.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That Jeremiah Dyfon, Esquire, Clerk of the House, and Mr. Beady Clerk Assistant, were so much indisposed, as not to be able to attend their Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Ycates do attend at the Table, during the Absence of the said Mr. Dyfon and the said Mr. Read.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho[ford and Mr.

Bonner:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords-Lave agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for a further Time, the Prohibition of the ^making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran; without any Amendment.

And then the JVfeflengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn ’till Monday Three Weeks, the 14th Day of January next.

A Message by Mr. Qaarme, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

.Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission for declaring his Royal Assent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of his MajestyV Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers: Where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to several public Bills, and One private Bill, therein mentioned; and also empowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Royal Highness the Duke of -Cumberlandy the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, and the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Ami that the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal; and the Earl of Rochford, and Earl Goioerj named also in the said Commission; did, by virtue of the said Commission, and also of his Majesty’s Commission for holding this Parliament, -accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters :* An Act to continue for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter,from Ireland:

An Act to continue, for a further Time, the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits, from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran:

An Act for naturalizing Paul Amjinck the younger, and Helw/g Lewis Tonnies.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elefting ofa Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Norwich, in the Room of Edivard Bacon Eftjnire, who, since his Eieftion for the said City, hath ..Vql. 28.

Mr. Charlton, according to order, reported from the Supply* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Landgrave of HeffeCaJfel, pursuant to the separate Article belonging to a Treaty between his Majesty and the Landgrave of Ilejfe CoJfel» concluded January the 17th, 1759, anc^ renewed by a Treaty,concludedNovetuber the 9th, 1759; the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds to be paid as his most Serene Highness shall think it most convenient, in order to facilitate the Means by which the most Serene Landgrave may again fix his Residence in his own Dominions, and give fresh Courage to his faithful Subjects, by his Pre* fence, which is so much wished for.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Five thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Governors and Guar* dians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to continue to carry into Execution the good Purposes for which they were incorporated; and that the said $um be issued and paid for the TJfe of the said Hospital, without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of Edward Earl of Derby, and the humble Walton Petition of the Reverend Silvester Richmond, Rector of on the Hill the Parish of Walton on the Hill, and of the Reverend Inclosure. Doctor Richard Richmond, Vicar of the Parish of Walton on I he Hill, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribOd, being respectively Owners and Proprietors of Lands in Walton on the Hill, and Faza-kerley, or Walton on the Hill cum Fazerkerley, near the Town of Liverpool* in the County Palatine oi Lane after, was pifefented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That there are several large and considerable Parcels of Commons or waste Lands, commonly called Wallon Breek, Mear Green, and Walbrick Moor, or Warbrick Moor, '\n the Township of Walton and Fazakerley, or Walton cum Fazakerley, confiding of 800 Acres or thereabouts, which lie uninciofed, artd are but of small Advantage: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, fof inclosing the several Commons or waste Lands within Walton and Fazakerley, or Walton cum Fazakerley aforesaid, and dividing the same amongst the several Oivners of Meffiiages and old inclosed Lands within the saidTownships.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Fazakerley and Mr. Alderman Dickinson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Brecon, kc. holders, and others, redding in and near the City of Road. Hereford, in the County of Hereford, and the Towns of Brecon and Hay, in the County of Brecon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; fettingforth, That the High Roads leading from j the Town of Brecon, through the Town of Hay afore-fiiid, to the Parish of Brobury, in the said County of Hereford, and also through the Town of Hay aforesaid,

to a Place called Whitney Passage, in the said County of Hereford, are in divers Places become very ruinous, and in the Winter Season so deep and miry, that Travellers and Carriages cannot pass, without great Danger; and 8 P that

Trent

Navigation*

pitto.

698

that the said Road, to the said Parilli of Brobunj, being cross the River Wye, at a Place called Bredwardine Pqffage, in the said County of Herefordis frequently obstructed by the said River, and is at all Times Very inconvenient and itnfafe for the Passage of Carriages, wherefore a Bridge will be necessary to be built over the fame: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in, for amending, widening, and keeping the said Roads in Repair, and for building the said Bridge, and for the taking such Tolls, as well for passing the said Bridge, as the said Roads, with such Powers, and in such Manner, and for such Number of Years, as by the House shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Morgan, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Tucker, Lord Canjsfort, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. West', Mr. Harbor d, M r. IJoyd, Mr. Plumptre, S i r Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Martin, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Townftiend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, Worcester, and Monmouth; and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Commonalty, and other the Inhabitants, of the Town of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick; and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Birmingham, in the said County of Warwick, and Burton upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford, and the Parts adjacent to the said Towns, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, made in the 10th and uth Years of King William, the said River Trent was made navigable up to the said Town of Burton; and alleging, That mod, if not all, of the Commissioners named in the said Act, are dead, without having appointed fresh Commissioners, whereby that Power is now become ext inst, and by reason thereof the said Navigation has been obstructed, and has laboured under many Inconveniences; and further alleging. That the Rivers Trent and Tame may be made navigable from the said Town of Burton, to the said Town of Tamworth, which would very much advanceTrade and Commerce in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appointing new Commissioners, empowering them more eifeftually to carry the said Act of the 10th and nth Years of his late Majesty King William into Execution; and also for making the said River Trent navigable from Burton aforesaid, to the Mouth of the said River Tame, and from thence to the said Town of Tam-worth, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it lhiill appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Tucker, Mr. LXoyd, Mr. Fellorves, Mr. West, Mr. Thornton, Lord Cary.fort, Mr. Harbord, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Plumptre, Admiral Townsend, Mr. Martin, Mr. Gre7iinllc,^lr.A\dermanDickinsoni, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, Derby, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Lord Villiers, General Townftiend, Mr. , Townshend Lord Thomond, Mr. Finch, Mr. Craftier, Mr. Thynne, Mr. Chauncey Townsend, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Crcftwell, M r.Probyn, Mr. Gore, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Wil-kinfton, Mr. Hill, Mr. Gafthry, Mr. Offley,.Mr. Charlton,

jL. 17

Sir William Irby, Lord Parker, Sit fcdward Turner, be added to the said Committee.

Orc/eretf, ThatMr.Speaker do ifflie his Warrant to the Tv‘flock Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ lor the Writ, electing of aBurgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, in the room of Richard Rigby Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office or Place of Keeper or Mailer of the Rolls of the High Court of Chancery, in the Kingdom of Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Three Weeks, the 14th Day of January next. Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Lutue, 140 die Januarii;

Anno 33# Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760.

Prayers,

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That Mr. Read% Gerk

Clerk Affiltant of the House, continued very ill. AM-ut. Ordered, That Mr. Yeates do attend at the*Table, during the Absence of the said Mr. Read.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the S:. Ot-rwun Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wfit* elect ing of a Burgess to serve in this present Pai l lament for the Borough of Saint Germans, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Edward Eliot Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Plymouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for the Wriu

electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, in the room of Samuel Dicker Esquire, deceased.

The House being informed, That Mr. For refer, from Accounts the Commissioners of the Excise, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of " the honourable House of Commons, dated 19th Dccember 1759> That there be laid before the House, an " Account of the Quantity of Spirits distilled from Corn,

" from Midsummer 1744, to Midsummer 1757, distinguishing each Year; and also an Account of the Quantity of Spirits distilled from Melasses, from Midsummer €< \)\\^Midsummer 1759, distinguishing each Year;" and alfoT

N° 2. An Account of the Quantities of Spirits imported since Midsummer 1744; distinguishing the Spirits from the Rum, and the Years; and also,

N# 3, and 4. A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Or-K der of the honourable House of Commons, dated 19th " December 1759, That there be laid before the House,

"An Account of the Quantity of Spirits, distilled from .* Corn, from Midsummer 1744, to Midsummer 1757,

" distinguishing each Year; and also, an Account of the " Quantity of Spirits distilled from Melasses, from Mid-"summer 1744, to Midsummer 1759, distinguishing each " Year; and also an Account of the Quantity of Spirits "exported since Midsummer 1744, distinguishing the " several Sorts, and Years," and also,

N° 5. A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of the cC honourable House of Commons, dated the 19th Day of " December 1759, That t^ere be laid before the House,

" an Account of the Net Produce of the Duties upon " Malt, since Midsummer 1758 and also,

N° 6. A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of " the honourable House of Commons, dated 19th De-

"cember

1 o* Decetnhris. — 146 Januarii.

Accounts of Spirits.

kfarfton St. LawIrencO Inclosure.

Removing

Gunpowder

Magazine

33 Geo. II. 14* Ja

u cember 1759, Thnt there he laid before this House, an u Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Spirits, ic Brandy, and Rum, since 5U1 July 1759 and also,

N° 7. A Paper, intituled, "Return to the Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated 19th De- cember 1759, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross Produce of the Duties on Beer and Ale, since 5th July 1759; containing an u Account of the Gross Produce of the Duties on Beer * and Ale, since 5th July 1759, to Michaelmas 1759."

Together with a Lilt of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lilt was read.

And N° 6, and N* 7, the two lad of the said Papers, were also read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Spirits imported into England, from Christmas 1743, to Christmas 1758, and from thence to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year, and the several Sorts: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of British Spirits exported (com England, from Christmas 1743 to Christmas 175S, and from thence to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Wednesday the 5th Day 0tDedember lart, wefe reported from from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Greenwich Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Inhabitants of East 10 w eet* Greenwich, and Places adjacent, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, iii Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants, was referred; and which Resolution wTas, upon Wednesday the 12th Day of the said Instant December, agreed to by the House; and also upon the Resolution, which, upon Tuesday the 18th of the said Instaut December, was re- ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the Hdufe.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Adwicke in Adwickc the Street, in the County of York, and also of the Free- Inclosufe holders, Owners, and Proprietors, of Lands in the open and common Fields, Ings, and Commons, within and Parcel of the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said Manor, Three open and uninclosed common Fields, called or known by the Names of Hangthwaite, Ham-royd, and Upper Fields; and also a common Meadow, called or known by the Name of Adwicke Ings; one large Common, called or known by the Name of AIdwicke Common; and one small Common, or waste Ground, called Beck Hill, containing in the Whole, by Ellimation,

1,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and alleging, That it would be of great Advantage to the several Owners and Proprietors thereof if the same were inclosed and divided into just Allotments and Proportions: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the inclosing and dividing the said common Fields,

Ings, and Commons, according to every Performs Right therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Staunton and Mr. Carlzoright do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Impropriator and Patron of the Pa-riih Church of Mavfton Saint Lawrence, in the County of Northampton, and Owner and Proprietor of common Lands, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, lying and being in the Township, Field, Liberties, Precincts, and Territories, of Marston Saint aforesaid; and of the Vicar

of the said Church, and of others, Proprietors of certain Messuages, Cottages, or Tenements; and also of others, the Ownersand Proprietors of the several open, common, and arable Lands and Fields, common Meadows, and common Grounds, in the Township, Field, Liberties, Precincts, and Territories of Marston Saint Lawrence aforesaid, called Marston Common Field; was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That there i$ in the saidTownship, Field, Liberties, and Precincts, One large open and common Field, called Marston Common Field, confiding of Forty-eight Yard Lands, and containing together 1,200 Acres, or thereabouts; and alleging, That the several Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, Land-owners and Proprietors of the said Field, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are for the most Part inconveniently situated; and that so long as the said Field lies open, it will be incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, inclosing, assigning, and allotting, the said open and common Field, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, or such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr, Cartwright and Mr. Staunton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Auditor Watson be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed te prepare, and bring in, a Bill, upon the Third of the Resolutions, which, upon Vol. 28.

A Petition of the Patron of the Vicarage of Blakejley, BlakHlcy in the County of Northampton, and of the Vicar and Inclosure. Incumbent of the Parish Church there, and of the several Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors, of Lands and Estates in the open and common Fields of Blakejley aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Properties in the said Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in thei^ present Situation incapable of Improvement; and alleging, That it would be of great Advaittage to the several Freeholders and Owners of the said Fields, if the same were inclosed and divided into Just Allotments and Proportions: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said open and common Fields of BlakeJlezj aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Cartwright and Mr. Staunton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer be Removing added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, Gunpowdtr and bring in, a Bill, upon the Third of the Resolutions, jMagaaine which, upon Wednesday the 5th Day of December last, were reported from the Committee, to whom the Peti- to Purflcet. tion of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and ofhers, Inhabitants of East Greenzvich, and Places adjacent in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ill Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants, was referred; and which Resolution was, upon Wednesday the 12th Day of the said Inllant December, agreed to by the House; and also upon the Resolution, which, upon Tuesday the 18th Day of the said Instant December’, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House,

Ordered,

700 i4° — is° — "

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Melasses imported into this Kingdom, from Christmas 1753, to Christmas 1759; distinguishing each Year* with the Amount of the Duties thereupon.

The Orders of the Day being read \

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday and Mcaiu. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 150 die Januarii;

Anno 33* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760.

Praters.

Hunwick A PETITION of the Right Reverend Richard Lord Inciosure. Bishop of Durham, and of the several Freeholders

and Copyholders within the Manor of Bondgate, in the Parish of Saint Andrew Auckland, in the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, having a Right of Common on a Moor or Common called Hunwick Edge, was presented to the House and read; setting forth. That within the Manor and Parish aforesaid there is a Moor or Common, called Hunwick Edge, containing, by Estimation, Twelve hundred Acres and upwards, which at present yields little Profit,but is very capable of Improvement, when inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Staunton and Mr. Olmius do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sulgrave Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to ludofure. order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Field, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Parish, Township, and Liberties of Sulgrave, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Hallet’s A Petition of Samuel Farewell, heretofore called N»mc. Samuel Hallet Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Nathaniel Farezvell, of Hole-brook, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, did, by his last "Will and Testament, bearing Date on or about the 4th Day of August 1759,devise certain Eltates therein-mentioned, subject to the Payment of his Debts, and the legacies, Annuity, or Rent Charge, Limitations, Con-♦ ditions, Incapacities, and Provi foes, therein expressed, to

Trustees, iu Trull for the Petitioner, for the Term of his natural Life, and, after his Decease, for the Use of Elizabeth his Wife, Remainder to their First and other Sons, successively in Tail Male, with Remainders over; and did thereby declare, that the said Devise w as upon this expressCondition, that the Petitioner flionld, as soon as he became intitled, and should be in Possession of the Premises, by virtue of the said Will, take and use the Surname of Farewell, instead of his own Surname; and alleging. That the Ttftator is fiuce dead; and the Petitioner hath taken upon himself the Surname of Farewell: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Petitioner and his Heics to take and use in Ex-18. *

6° Januarii. A. 1760.

change for his and theif respective Surname, the Surname of Farezvell

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mi\ Ongley, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Olmius, and Mr* Edzcard Walter, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16# die Januarii;

Anno 33* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

QRDERE D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Orford Writ.

to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ele&ing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Charles Filzroy Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Grooms of his Majesty’s Bedchamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Eye Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of HenryTownjhend Esquire,who, fincehis Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of his Majesty s Three Chilterft Hundreds of Stoke, Dejborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Account*; Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended ai£ the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits exported from Spirit*. Scotland, from Michaelmas 1752 to Michaelmas 1759;

distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of salted Beef, Pork, Beef, &c. and Butter, imported from Ireland, into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the 24th Day of June 1758, to the 16th Day of November 1759: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Corn, Malt, Meal, Com,&c. Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, that hath been exported out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the 25 th of March 1759, to the 19th of November 1759:

And also,

An Account of the Quantities and Produce of Brandy, Brandy, &c. Rum, and other Spirits, seized and condemned in Scotland, from the 25th Day of December 1746, to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year; and also the Kinds of Spirits: And also.

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties of Ditto. Customs, arising from Brandies and Spirits imported into Scotland, for Seven Years to Michaelmas last; distinguish-ing each Year, and the Places from whence the same were imported.

The said Mr. Rowe, also from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direction of an Act of Parliament, t

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland whale have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Fishery. Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged; and also what Quautity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported; from the 10th of October 1 758.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the 1

Table to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The

Accoant of Malt and Spirit Duties.

Hiby

Inclosure*

33 GEO. II. i 6°Jan 701

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That Mr. Howe, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the net Produce arising from Malt in Scotland, for Seven Years, from Midsummer 1751* to Midsummer 17.- 8; distinguishing each Year: And also, An Account of the Produce of Excise in Scotland upon home-made Spirits, from 25th of December 1746, to Michaelmas 1759, as also the Duties on Spirits distilled from Melasses in Scotland, for said Time: And also,

An Account of the Produce of the Duties of Excise on the several Kinds of Spirits imported into Scotland, from 25th December 1746, to Midsummer 1759; distin-guifliirigeach Year; And also,

An Account of the Duties repaid for Spirits exported from Scotland, from the 25th December 1746, to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year, and the Place of Exportation, as also the Kinds of Spirits: And also,

An Account of the Quantities and Produce of Brandy, Rum, and other Spirits, seized and condemned in Scotland, from the 25th December 1746, to Michaelmas 1-59; distinguishing each Year, as also the Kinds of Spirits: And also.

An Account of the Duties on Spirits distilled from Melaflesin Scotland, from 25th December 1746, to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year: And also, An Account of the Quantities of Spirits in Scotland distilled from Corn, from Midsummer 1744, to Midfum-pier 1757; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Spirits distilled from Melasses in Scotland, from Midsummer 1744, to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Spirits imported into Scotland, from Midsummer 1744, to Michaelmas 1759; diflingnishing the several Sorts and Years: And also. An Account of the Quantities of Spirits exported from Scotland, from Midsummer 1744, to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the net Produce of the Duties upon Malt in Scotland, from Midsummer 1758, to Michaelmas 1759: And also,

An Account of the net Produce of the Duties on Spirits, Brandy, and Rum, imported into Scotland, from 5th July to Michaelmas 1 7.59: And also.

An Account of the gross Produce of the Duties on Beer and Ale in Scotland, from Midsummer (5th July) to Michaelmas 1759: And also.

An Account of the Produce of the Duty on Spirits distilled in Scotland, from Midsummer (5th July) to Michaelmas 1759.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title* of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members yf the Floufe. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Sir John llobinfon Baronet, and William Jlewclt Esquire, Lords of the Manor of Hoby, in the County of Leicester, and Proprietors of aboutTwoThird Parts of the common and open Fields of Hoby aforesaid, Henry Brcxvne Clerk, Patron and Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Hoby aforesaid, and John Orton Clerk, John Baijbn, William Morris, and others, Proprietors of Lands in the said Fields, were presented to the iioufe, and read; setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their p re font Situation, incapable of Improvement; and alleging, that if the said Fields were divided and inclosed, it would greatly improve the Petitioners several Estates: and therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill i Vot. 23.

for the dividing and inclosing the said Fields, ip such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pnr-fnant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Palmer and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That an Account belaid before this Floufe, of the Quantities and Produce of Brandy, Rum, and other Spirits, seized and condemned in England, from the 25th Day of December 1746, to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year; also the Kinds of Spirits.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Floufe, to take into Consideration the Paper, intituled, " Lord Viscount Downe, Lieutenant Colonel, War " Office, 30th November 17595" and also,

The Paper, intituled Sir William Peere Williams " Baronet, Captain in the Army, War Office, 30th ts November 17.59."

Ordered, that the said Papers be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Appointment of Sir William Peere Williams Baronet, to be Captain in the Regiment of Dragoons commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Burgoyne.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Particulars of the Sum of £.18,415. i8s\ in the Estimate of the Earl of Home's Regiment of Foot, mentioned in the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons, which was laid before this House the 19th Day of November last, with the Names of the several Officers belonging to, and doing Duty in, the said Regiment, and the Pay they respectively receive.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Particular’s of the Sum of £. 21,356. is. in the Estimate of the Regiment of Dragoons commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Burgoyne, mentioned in the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons which was laid before this Floufe the 19th Day of November last, with the Names of the several Officers belonging to, and doing Duty in, the said Regiment, and the Pay they respectively receive.

Ordered, That the Agent to the Regiment of Dragoons commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Burgoyne, do, upon Monday Morning next, attend the Coipmittee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration the Paper, intituled, " Lord Viscount <c Downe, Lieutenant Colonel, War Office, 30th Nove?nher 1759;’* and also the Paper, intituled, " Sir WiU " Ham Peere Williams Baronet, Captain in the Army, " War Office, 30th November 1759."

Ordered, That the Agent to the Regiment of Foot commanded by the Right honourable the Earl of Home, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Persons convicted before the Commissioners of Excise, upon Informations exhibited against them, for retailing spirituous Liquors without Licence, between First of July 1743, and First of July 17595 distinguishing the Number in each Year.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonlider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his M a jetty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions: which they had directed him to report, when the Floufe will please to receive the fume.

8 Q Ordered,

Account of Brandy, &o.

Military

Appointment.

Ditto:

Army

Accounts.

Ditto.

Spirit

Licences.

Ways , and Means.

7° 2 i6e — *7*

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had dirked him to report, when the House will please to receive the Came.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ipg next, yefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 170 die Januarii;

Anno 33* Georgii ID* Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

Account of ry\ H E House being informed, That Mr. Tomkyns, Mclafles. X frorn the Commissioiters of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Melasses imported into England, from Christmas 1753, to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year, with the Amount of the Duties payable thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account w'as read.

Ordered, That the said Account do tie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

SioffoltTs A Petition of Henry Aujlen, heretofore called Henry Name. Siqfold, and of Robert Aujlen, heretofore called Robert

Stofold, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Robert Aujlen, late of Shalford, in the County of Surrey, Esquire, did, by his Will, dated on or about the 2d September 1759, devise certain Estates therein mentioned to his Wife, for Life, subject to the Payment of certain Legacies; Remainder to the Petitioners, and their Heirs, on Condition that they should leave the Name of Stofold, and on all Occasions take and use the Surname of Aujlen, and bear the Testator’s Arms and alleging, that, soon after, the Testator died, and the Petitioners have taken and used the Name and Arms of Aujlen, and are desirous that the same may be confirmed to them, and their Heirs, by A£fc of Parliament; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners, and their Heirs, to take, instead of their own Surname and Arms, the Surname and Arms of Aujlen.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that 16

Janmrii. . 1750.

Mr. George Orjlou) and Sir John Philipps do prepare, 5 and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of Pvlesworth, Barton

Grendon, and Dordon, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and others, using the high Road thereinafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; al* leging. That the Petitiouers are informed, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the high Road front Burton Bridge, in or near Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through several Places therein mentioned, to Measham, in the County of Derby, and from thence through several Places to Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, and from Measham aforesaid, through several other Places, in the said County of Leicester, to and through Great Shecpy, in the said County of Lei* cester, and from thence to Filand, otherwise Ficldon Bridge, near Atherfione, in the County of Warwick; and from the Town of Tamworth, in the Counties of Wanvtck and Staff'd, through Polefwnrih, on the direct Road over Lovatt’s Bridge, to Market Bosworth, and from thence into the Turnpike Road leading from Earl Shilton to Leicester; and setting forth, that the high Road from Polefxvorlh Bridge, through Dordon, Gren* don, and Pinwall Lane, to the Guide Post at or near the End of that Lane, in the Road from Great Shecpy to Fieldon Bridge and Atherjlonc aforesaid, is in many Parts thereof very ruinous, and in the Winter Season Carriages cannot pass the same without great Danger and Difficulty; and in some Places is so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass by each other; and that the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended and kept in Repair; and further alleging, that the Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants of Poles-worth, Grendon, and Dordon, have frequent Occafiotv to go to Atherfione wTith Carriages and Cattle, in the Road last mentioned, and do not go upon the said other Road from Great Shecpy to Ficldon Bridge more than Twelve hundred Yards; and that nevertheless, should a Bill pass into a Law, according to the Prayer of the before-mentioned Petition, a Turnpike would probably be erected at or near the said Guide Post, or between it and Fieldon Bridge aforesaid, and the Petitioners would be obliged to pay Tolls at the same for using only a very small Part of the said Road, as they must probably also do at any Turnpike that may be erected between Polesworth Bridge and Tarnworth on the said other Road from Tamworth to Market Bosworth; and that in Dordon and Grendon there is Plenty of Gravel, and other Materials, for repairing all the said Roads within a convenient Distance: And therefore praying,

That in case Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road from Tamworth to Market Bofi> worth aforesaid, and from Measham and GreatSheepy to Fieldon Bridge aforesaid, or either of them, Provisions may be made therein for repairing the said high Road from Polesworth Bridge, through Dordon, Grendon, and Pinwall Lane, to the said Guide Post in the Road from Sheepy to Fieldon Bridge, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House (halt seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Counties of Stafford, Derby, Leicester, and Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Roads and Places therein after-mentioned, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Wav* Committee of the whole House, to whom *it was referred and Meai£ to consider further of Ways and Means for railing Supply granted to his Majesty, the Reforiutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House;

wlueb

3 3 Geo. II. 170 — 180 703

N

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and Hre as followeth; viz.

Refdved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, a Duty of Three Pence, in that Part of Great Britain called England\ Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and a Duty of One Peny Half-peuy iu that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be paid for every Bushel of Malt, whether ground or unground, which, having been made before the Day of the Commencement of the additional Duties on Malt, voted in this

£refent Session of Parliament, shall, on or after the said ►ay, be in the Possession of any Mallfter, or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retai ler of Mai t. Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler, or Vinegar-maker, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, or for their Use.

B^/blvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Monies arising by the said Duties shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Fund for Payment of the Annuities and Lottery attending the Sum of Eight millions, granted to his Majesty in this present Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second , time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Ivho are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon Tuesday the 18th Day of December lait, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and which have been agreed to by the House.

Supply* Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House *, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, as a present Supply towardsdefraying the Charges of'Forage, Bread, Bread Waggons, Train of Artillery, and of Provisions, Wood, Straw, S(c. and other extraordinary Expences and Contingencies of his Majesty’s combined Army under the Command of Prince Ferdinand.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Military Ordei'ed, That Lieutenant Colonel George Scott do,

Appointment. Upon Monday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration the Paper, intituled, "Lord Viscount " Downey Lieutenant Colonel, War Office, 30th November 1759 and also the Paper, intituled, " Sir Wil* " Ham Peere Williams Baronet, Captain in the Army, a War Office, 30th November 1759."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented* to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament*

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1758, The Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa; distinguishing every Article of Expence " under its proper Title.*’

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read. '

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preservedamongst the other.Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That Mr. Collingtvoody Secretary to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposedanddeferted youngChildren, attended at the Door 5

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Number of Children, received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, from the 31st Day of December 1758, to the 29th of September 1759-, have died within that Time.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account wag read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House; pursuant to their Orders,

A Paper, intituled, " Lift of the Names of the several Officers belonging to, and doing Duty in, the Earl " of Home's Regiment of Foot, with the Pay they respectively receive, and the Particulars of the Sum of Cc £. 18,415. 18 s. charged in the Estimate of Guardi " and Garrisons, for the Year 1760, for the Pay of the " Earl of Home's Regiment of Foot for 366 Days " And also,

A Paper, intituled,<c Lift of the Names of thefeve* " ral Officers belonging to, and doing Duty in, Lieute^* <c nant Colonel Burgoyne's Regiment of Light Dragoon^ " with the Pay they respectively receive, and the Particulars of the Sum of f. 21,356. as. charged in the " Estimate of Guards and Garrisons, for the Year 1760, " for the Pay of Lieutenant Colonel Burgoyne's Regiment of Light Dragoons, for 366 Days."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Orders of the Day being read;

RefoLvedy That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 18° die Januarii;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760. Prayers.

African rT^HE House being informed, That Mr. Poiriert Company. Jl from the Committee of the Company of'Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door

Vol. 28.

Foundling

Hospital

Army

Accounts.

Ways and Means.

Supply/

Chaplain to preach on 30th Jan.

State of the Distiller).

Ditto.

Chiflehuift Charily Lai. d

704 21* Janua A. 1759.

Lunaj 210 die Januarii;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

qRD ERED, That the Chaplain to this House do preach before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon Wednesday the 30th Day of this instant January.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Landholders, Farmers, and others, Inhabitant^ of the Counties of Hertford and Essex, in the Neighbourhood of Bishop Stortford, was f) re fen ted to the House and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, that the Scarcity and Dear-ness of Corn (the principal Motive which occasioned the Act of Parliament for the Prohibition of the making of lew Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any Sort of Grain) has ceased; and alleging, that the continuing the Prohibition of the Distillation of Corn, beyond the Necessity which appeared to require it, will be a great Loss to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Landed Interest: And therefore praying the House, That the Distillery of this Kingdom may be again opened, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think meet.

A Petition of the several Landowners and Holders in the Neighbourhood of Uxbridge, in the County of Mid-<ilefez, xvhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Landed Interest, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Prohibition of the Malt Distillery, at this Time of Plenty, has reduced the Price of Grain so low, that the Petitioners cannot live by the Produce of their Care and Labours; and that at the fanie time, and from the same Cause, the Price of Melasses has proportionably Tifen,to the great Emolument of ourSugar Islands: And therefore praying, That the Malt Distillery of this Kingdom may be again opened, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration the State of the Distillery.

A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Moore Doctor in Divinity, Rector of tlje Parilli Church of Chijlckurjl, in the County of Kent, Samuel Royer oft, John Stevens, Esquires, Three of the surviving Trustees of the charitable Donation of Geol'ge Wilson Clerk, therein after-mentioned; and also of the fa hi Thomas Moore, and the Churchwardens of the said Parish Church, as Trustees of the several charitable Donations therein after-mentioned, for the Benefit of the said Parilli; and allb of the honourable Thomas Townshend Esquire, Lord of the Manor of ChiJlehurjt, and of the several Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Manor and Parish of Chijlehurst, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Right honourable Robert Bertie, commonly called Lord bert Bertie; was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of an Indenture, dated the 23d Day of October 1C86, made between Edward King Esquire, of the one Part, and Sir Ed-oard BeetenJ'on Baronet, Samuel Oldfield Esquire, and Ellis Cunliffe Gentleman, of the other Part; reciting, that Sir Peter Warwick Knight did, by a Codicil annexed to his last Will, dated in 1682, give £. ioo. to Chijlehurst Parilli, for binding, out of the Interest and Profits thereof. One Child to Sea Service, and the Principal to be always kept in Stock for that Service; and also reciting, that Mary Cowell Widow, by her last Will, dated 29th December 1738, did bequeath Twelve Pounds, formerly given and bequeathed by her deceased Husband Thomas Cowell, to the Parish of Chijlehurst, to be paid within Three Months after her Decease; and directed, that out of the Interest thereof, Sixteen Shilling lliould be annually paid by the Churchwardens of Chijlehurst aforesaid, for the Purposes in her said Will mentioned; and also re-

citing, that the said £. 11. was made up £. 20. by the Parishioners of the said Parilli of Chijlehurst; and that the said £. 100. and the said £.zo. were laid out in the Purchase of certain Closes, called Frith Meadows, containing by Estimation 18 Acres, and the Way leading to the fame, in the said Indenture mentioned anddeferibed, with the Appurtenances, for the several Uses and Purposes above-mentioned; and also reciting, that John Rand did, by his Will, dated the 5th Day of*May 1705, give and devise a Messuage or Tenement, now divided into Two Tenements, and certain Lands and Grounds thereto adjoining and belonging, containing about Three Acres, and situate at Chippers Green, unto the Minister and Churchwardens of Chijlehurst, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish; and also that 'George Wil/011 Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church of Chijlehurst aforesaid, by his Will, dated the 23d Day of July 1718, gave and deviled a Messuage or ^Tenement, now divided into Two Tenements, and certain Lands and Grounds on the West Side of PeiTy Street in Chijlehurst aforesaid, unto Trustees therein named, and their Heirs, in Trust, out of the Rents and Profits thereof, to pay One Pound yearly for the Purposes therein mentioned; and alleging, that the Income and Produce of several of the said Donations are not sufficient to answer the several Uses and Trulls for which the same were given; and that it hath been found, that some of the said Uses and Trusts are in a great measure impracticable to be carried into Execution; and further alleging, that as it would be greatly for the Benefit and Convenience of the Petitioner Lord Robert Bertie, and several of the Inhabitants of Chijlehurst aforesaid, that the Road or I^ane leading from the Mansion-house of the said Lord Robert Bertie, through Church Lane, to Chijlehurst Church, should be disused and diverted, and a new Road made instead thereof through the Lands and Grounds of the said Lord Robert Bertie; it hath been proposed and agreed between the Petitioners, that the said Roads should be turned, varied, or diverted, accordingly; and that a Messuage or Edifice hath, at the Charge of the Parish of Chijlehurst, and with the Consent of the Petitioner Thomas Townshend, the Lord of the Manor, and of the Petitioners the Freeholders of the same Manor, been lately erected on Chijlehurst Common, and is nearly finished, Part of which is intended for a Workhouse for the Poor of the said Parish; and that the West Wing of the said Messuage or Edifice, together with a Piece of Ground laid thereto, for building proper Offices, and making other Conveniences to the lame, is proposed to be applied and let out for the Use, and appropriated to answer the Purposes, of the said Mr. Wilforis Charities, towards maintaining and fop-porting the fame; and that the said Lord Robert Bertie proposes to give for the Purchase of the said several Houses, Lands, and Tenements, and for the Liberty of varying and turning the said Road as aforesaid, the Sum of £. 500. to be applied and disposed of in manner in the said Petition mentioned; but that although the Sum proposed to be paid by the Petitioner greatly exceeds the Value of the Premises; and although the accepting the said Proposal would tend to establish a better Provision for the Poor of the said Parish, than can at present arise or be produced by and out of the Premises, in case the same remain unfold, yet as the same cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament, therefore praying the House to give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for veiling the same Premises in the Petitioner Lord Robert Bertie in Fee-simple, discharged of all the charitable Uses and Trusts above-mentioned; and for applying the chafe-money for the Purposes in the said Petition mentioned; and for impowering the said Petitioner to vary and turn the Road or Way through Church Lane, and make a new Road or Wav instead thereof as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

3$ G*Ea.II. 2i° Januarii. 705

And it is referred toGenera! Cormvaltis, Mr. Plummer, 'Sir William Irby, Mr. Thoroton, Mn Wilks, Mr* liar-bord, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Campbell, Mr. /awe. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Plumptre, Sir 7o//?i Crosse, Mr. Brit<fefietti$ir Thomas Robinfon, Mr. Forrefter, Sir Robert Jfildyoril, Mt. A my and, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Hbwett, Mr. Gore, Mr. Smith, Mr. Colleton, Mr. «feoM, Wtr. Crtifter, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Dawnay, Mr* Sandys, Mr. f0iigtey, Mr. Finch, Mr. Clayton, Mr. 7bww-Mr* JFaiMrif, Mr. Kynaston; Mr. Chetxpynd, Mr* Bold, Mr. Cdftxorighl, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Wigley,1 Mr. Bolton* Mr. Withes; Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Coventry, Mr* Mr. Mr. Vyner, Lord Harry Powlett,

Lobd Regifoerof Scotland, Sir Robert Long, Lord Carys-fort* Sir Grt>. Sctblle, Admiral Griffin; and all the Mem* bers who serve for the Counties of JCewf, Suffer, and Surrey; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this AftetttOOn at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s ChartsbCr; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dctaborn A Petition df Archibald Duke of Douglajs, the Right

Bridge, tec. honourable Loid Ehibartk, Robert Remedy of Green-

*01d* know. Sir William Ptorvis of that Ilk, John Borthwick of Cookfton, Alexander Dtilziel of Hartfide; Alexander Hay of Mordingtown, Francis Pringle, Thomas Cockbitm, and Pringle, Writers to the Signet, and James Romainoiis and John Walker, Baillies of the Burgh of Lauder, for themselves, and in Name of the Community of the said Burgh; and also,

Dj^ A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Earl of Hading ton, the honourable Alexander Home, Superior of Mandefton, William Grant of Prejlongrange, One of the Senators of the College of Justice, Sir John Stewart of AUaJibank, Sir John Paterson of Eccles, Sir Alexander Don of Newton, Baronets, George Carre of Westnijbet, Esquire, One of the Senators of the College of Justice, Henry Home of Reims Esquire, One of the Senators of the College of Justice, George BaiUie of Jervifzvood, Esquire, James Kerr of Morifon, Esquire, David Home of Wedderbum, Patrick Home of Billy, John Carre younger, of Nijhet, Wyn Johnsion of Hilton, David Gavin of Langton, John Renton of Lamerton, George Drummond of Blair, Mr. JohnSivinton younger, of Swinton, Advocate, John Home Esquire, of John Watson of

Overmains, Stephen Bromfield of Nethermains, William Robertson of Lady Kirk, James Justice of Justice Hall, and John Robertson of Saint Leonard's; were presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from Deanbovm Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Midlothian, through Soutry Hill, by Channel Kirk, Greenlaw, and Anion's Hill, to the Side of the

Tweed, opposite to Coldstream, is, during the Winter Season, or wet Weather, almost impassable for Carriages, and dangerous for Persons travelling on Horseback, and cannot be widened and repaired by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, mending, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, building and repairing Bridges, and such further and other Powers as may be necessary and proper to carry the same into Execution in the best manner the &me may be.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Forrefter, Lord Cary fort, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hume, Mr. Willes, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Charlton, Mr. More, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fane, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fellowes, General Cornwallis, Mr. Smith, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Plum-mer. Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Thoroton, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Amyand, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Sandys, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Townshend, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Wilkinson* Mr. Ellis, Voju 28.

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Gaftiry; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham and Northumberland; and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, |rafciy Bridge and other principal Inhabitants, of the Counties of War- Roed*. wick and Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Places and Roads hereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the high Road leading from the End of Fafely Bridge, in the County of Warwick, unto and through the Town of Atherstone, in the County of War~ wick, and from thence over Witherley Bridge, and along the strait high Road, through several Parishes and Town-lliips in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, to the Turnpike Gate at or near a certain Place called Nuneaton Gap, and from the Turhpike Road leading from Coventry to Leicester, at the Turning near the Harrow Alehouse, and Housewives Bridge, towards Hinckley and Leicester, by High Cross, along the strait high Road, through several Parishes and Townships in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, to a certain Place where a Guide Post lately stood, or now Hands, called Lutter~ worth Hand, and the high Roads, from the White Lyon Alehouse in Shustock Church End, in the County of Warwick, through the Parish of Over Whitacre, and Bentley Lanes, to and through Atherfione, to'Fieldon Bridge, in the County of Warwick, and from the Arbour Houses at Mancetter Lane End, near Atherfione aforesaid, to that Part of Nuneaton Common where the Road from Ancely to Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, joins the Road from Atherfione to Nuneaton, and from the Poor’s Houses at or near Over Whitacre Furnace End, in the County of Warwick, through Over Whitacre and Ancely, to the Market Cross in Nuneaton aforesaid; and from Nuneaton, through Attelborough, by Anchoring over Wolvey Heath, and by Cloudeftey Bush, to the Turnpike Road leading from Coventry to Lutterworth and JJarborough; are, in many Parts thereof, very ruinous, and out of Repair, and, in the Winter Season, are so very bad, that Carriages cannot pass along the same without great Danger; and in fotne Places are so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass by each other: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the said Roads, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they dp examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Wigley,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Protdor, Mr. Brifiowe, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Lyfier, Sir Geo. Montgomery Metham, Mr. Gore, Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir John Philipps,

Mr.Moore, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Barry, Sir Geo. Savile,

Mr. Backwell, Sir James Colebrooke, Mr. Forrefter, Lord North, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Stanly, Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bertie, Sir Nicholas Baity, Mr. Herne, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Mon* tague. Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Howard, Mr. Egerton,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Symons, Mr. Olmius, Mr.

Trifi, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hill, General Townshend, Mr.

Recorder of London, Lord Villiers, Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Willes, Mr. Starkie, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Toum/hend, Mr.

Curzon, Mr. Cooke, Colonel Gray, Mr. Vernon, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Lord Royfion, General A'court. Lord Strange; and all the Mem bers who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, Northampton, Derby, Stafford, Salop, and Bucks:

And they are to meet this ARerPon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Powfer to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

8 R The

joS ii° Januarii.~ 1 Aii?6oi

Army The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant A^"* to tiheir Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Copy of Orders given by his " Excellency Field Marshal Lord Viscount Ligonier, 91 London, December 12th, 1759."

And the Title of the said Paper Was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration the Paper, intituled, " Lord Vif- count Downe, Lieutenant Colonel, War Office, 30th " November 1759 and also.

The Paper, intituled, " Sir William Peeve Williams Baronet, Captain in the Army, War Office, 30th ‘f November 1759."

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Hinckley, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal kc. Road. Inhabitants, of thebounty of Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Roads and Places therein after-mentioned, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the high Road from the Guide Pod in Duck Paddle Street, in the Town of Hinckley, in the said County, to or through Cadeby, thro ugh OJbaJton, Nelfloni Ibjlock, by Ravenfione, through Hoo-ash Lane, Swanington, Froggatt's Lane, and over Breedon Brand, through Tonge, to Woeful Bridge, in that Liberty; and also the high Road from the North End of Hoo~q/k Lane aforesaid, both through Old Lane, and from Swanington aforesaid, to Lee Gutter, and from thence over the Liberty of Staunton Harold, in the said County of Lei-cejtsr, to Melbourn Common, in the County of Derby; and also the high Road from Ibjlock aforesaid, through Neither and<SW/;/fo?;, in the said County of Leicester, to Mcasham, in the said County- of Derby, are in a very thunderous Condition, and in'many Parts thereof, in the Winter Season, are impassable for/Wheel Carriages, without great Difficulty $ and alleging, that there are several very large Collieries and Lime Works near the said Roads; and, if the said Roads are repaired, the Petitioners, and others residing upon or near the fame, will be thereby supplied with Coals and Lime at all T)mes of the Year, and at a reasonable Price: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the said Roads, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as; to the floufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said.Petition, be,referred,to the Consideration of a Committee: AndMthat they doesa-mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House And it is referred to Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr* Wigley, Sir Pager Neiodigate, Mr. JKynaftonr Sir John Philipps, Mr. Smith, Sir Geo. Servile, Mr..Fellowes, Lord Caryft fortJMr. Hewe It, Lord North, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wilier, Mr, Plummer, Mr. Lyster, Mr, Fane, Mr. Grafter, Mr. jenyns, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr* Cooke, Mr. Tho* rolon\ Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Ryder, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Thurjby, Sir Nicholas Baity, Mr. Starkie, ^ir Robert Burdett, Mr. Barry, Sir James Colebraoke, Mr, Bertie, Lord Strange, Mr. Trift, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Foley, Mr. Charlton, Mr Harvey, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Paimer,r Mr, Vyner, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Chetuynd, Mr. Symons, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Heme, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hill, Sir Lynch Colton, Mr. Moore, General Townshend, Mr. Vernon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Lloyd, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Olmius, Lord Villiers, Mr. Whichcot, Colonel Gray, Mr.

' Egegton, Mr. Geo. Onslow; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Derby, Stafford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for. Persons, Papers, and Records.,

Dunchurch, -A Petition, of the several Persons whose Names are ice* Road, thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the 12th 20

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Dim Cotv in Dunchurch to Hitlmre. ton, in the County of Warwick, and front tlienee to St.

James's End in the Town of Northampton*, and bkewife of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Per-, fons, living near the said Road, whose Names are there* unto subscribed, was presented to the Hotife, and read j alleging, That the Trustees for repairing the said Road have, in pursuance of the Powers veiled in them by the said Act, borrowed, Upon the Credit thereof, die Sum of£. 1,290, which now remains due, with fcmieArreaf of interest; and that ^Rtosmgh the Money so borrowed, together with the Tolhyhave beeti duly applied pursuant, to the Directions, and fot* the Purpose/vm the said Act mentioned, yet several Parts of the said Road remain in a ruinous Condition, and, unlefe some. Remedy be speedily had, the same will become impassable?: And as. the Repair of the said Road cannot be effectually com- pleted, and the Money borrowed repaid, uulefMbe Term, during which the Tolls are gfranted,be prolonged* and the several Powers and Provisions, made and granted by the said former he 'extended, and rendered more effectual; therefore praying, That Leave may be’ . given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the derm and Powers granted by the said former Act, and forfoakiu^ the same more effectual for completing the Repair of the said Road, and for keeping the same in Repair, by such Ways and Means as to,the:House4hall seem re* quisite and expedient*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Andthat they d r examine the Matter thereof; and report: the feme, as ft shall appear to them, to the Hoti fe;

And it is referred to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ryder, Sift Thomas Palmer, Mr. Kynaston, Mr* Wigley, Mr. For* refer, Mr. Wilkes, Mr* Palmer, Sir, Geo. Savile, Mr.

Hewett, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Robert Hild yard, Mr. Smith, Mr; Willes, Mr. Bankes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fellozves, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. iFane,-Sir Chai'les Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Barrington

Mr.Thoroton, Sir William Irby, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lifter,

Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bertie, Sir John Gordon, MrlPluniery Sir Francis'Po&le, Mr. Townshend, S\r Armine Wodehou/e,

Mr. Finch, General Cornwallis, Mr. Goie, Lord Digby,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Chgri/OH, Mr. Gra/venor*

Mr. Crqfter -, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Derby, and Stafford And they pse to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Po^ver to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lords of the Manor of Hinckley, ']# HTnckty the County of Leicester, and of the Patrons, Vicar, and Incioiwfc Incumbent, of the Parish and Parish Church of ///uci-leij aforesaid, the Impropriators of the GreatTythes, and of the Freeholder^ LeafehoWers, and Proprietors of Land and Commons, in the open apd conimon Fields of Hinckley aforesaid, was presented to the House: v

And a Member, returned upon a new. Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed, the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Petition was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners several Estates in the said open and common Fields lie intermixed and difperfetliti small Parcels, by means whereof great Inconveniences do arise, and are* in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be givei^to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the f<iid ope& and common Fields of Hinckley aforesaid, according to every Person’s Right therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bilb pursuant to the Prayer/of said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Palmer and Sir Roger Newdigate do prepare* and bring in, the feme. r, .

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon be added to the.Committee Committee of Privileges and Elections. offnvikgo

A Petition

Ovftou

Tndosure.

Litchaffl

lac^urt;

Marine

Forces.

Navy Debt.

Account of

Transport

Service.

Account

Seamen.

33J0eo.IL Q,\:fnnumi^; 767-

A'Pfetition of Aniitony Cooke Efijtiire* Lord of the Manor of Owfton, in the WefHliding of the County of York, and Ownei* and Impropriator of the Redory and Tythes arising -and renewing in the Parish of Oztiston aforesaid, and of TJiorhas Savage, Clerk, Vicar* or Curate, of the Parish Church afOwston aforesaid, and the several other PerfOris whose Names are therfetonto fnb* feribed, being Owners and Proprietors of antienfcMeffnages and Cottages, ‘ and also of divert Farms, Lauds* and Tenements* mOidJldn aforesaid, was presented to the House, and i*ead; setting forth* That there are several Commons and waste Grounds in the Manor and Confta-bulary of Owjion aforesaid, called.by Sheieveral Names of Owston Common, Stoe kb ridge Common, and Burnt Roive Common, containing by Estimation 400 Acres or, thereabouts; and alleging, that the Petitioners aredefi-4rous that the said Commons and waite Grounds ihbuld be divided, and that a specific Part thereof should be allotted to each of them respectively; And therefore praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill-for the Purposes above-mentioned and intended* in such mhnner as to the<Aioofe shall feeui just and! rea-> son able. . \

Ordered, That Lekve be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fount to the Prayer of thefaiff Petition 1 And that; Mr. liemeity Mr. Bacon, and Sir Geo.Saviie^ do prepare, and bring iq, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Armine Wodehouse BarcUiet, Lord of* the'Man or of Lutcham, arid Owner of the greateii Part of certain comm on, open, and arable Fields, called the Half Year Fields, and a Tract of arable Land called the B recks, arid certain Ciofes called Half Year Chfes, Jying within the said Manor, in the Parish of Utchartt, in the County of Norfolk* in behalf of himself and the rest of tile> Owners and Proprietors of Lands in, and Persons having aRight of Common upon, the said Fields, Breeks* and Half Year Closes, was presented to the House, and read*, setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, lip4 intermixed and difpetfed in small Parcels, and are,; in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; r and alleging, that if the fakl Tields and JSi’ecks. were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to the several Persons interested, rind all Right ofj Common and.Sheep-; walk'in the said Fields* Breeks, and Half Year Closes, were extinguished* it would be a manifest Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring, in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields and Brecksyaud for►extiuguidling all Right of Common and-Shpep-walk therein, at\d in the said Half Year Ciofes^iia. fuel* manner as to the Hopfe shall seem meet. . , - .

Ordered, That Leayoibe given to bring in a. Bill,pur-fnant.to the Prayer of tire said Petition: And that Mr. Ikbuon and Mm Itarkord do prepare* and bring iu* the fame; . .; . /

Mr. Cleviand prGfentQd to the Hpufe, acpording to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore; And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

Ordered, That a Sl ate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st of December Jail, be laid before this House.

4

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Charge for Transport Service, between the 1 ft of OStobef 1759. and the 31st December last, including the Expence of vi&ualljpg his Majesty's Land Forces within that Time.

1758, to the 31A of December 1750, upori & Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne* and what mustered, in the said Service.

Sir John CroJJe presented to the House, according tb Settlements Order* a Bill to prevent Occupiers of Tenements uiMer vgained certain yearly Rents from* gaining Settlements in any >L*ndT*& Parish, Town, Hamlet, or Place* by reason ttf their being rated to the Land Tax* and paying; such Rates for their Landlords t And the ftune was received and read the Firfttime. 7: ,

Refotoed, That the Bill be read a Second tirae

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed;

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty several Duties Malt Duti?, upon Malt j and for raising a Certain Sum of Money, by,) *c*

way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duties: And the same was received; and read the^ I First time* r

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. t

Ordered, That the Solicitor or Solicitors, who have; foundling been employed by the Governors of the Foundling Hof-' 1 Hospitd. pital to carry on any Prosecutions in pursuance of their Advertisements, declaring their Refutation to prosecute any Person who should forcibly or fraudulently send to the Hospital any Child, without thsConfent of the Pa* r rents, or should be acoefiary in fending Children to the Hospital by Vagrants, or disorderly Persons, do, upon Thursday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whotaitife referred tdtakeinto further Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maiute-r ' nance arid Education >of exposed* and deserted young: 1 Children, to give an Account of fueli Prosecutions. . > \

Ordered, That Jane Thomfondo attend the said Com^i i mitteeatthe same time* . i..w »: u .; .*>

.: ..... .?/ i { M,-.

The Order of the Day being read, ibf the House. ftforState of th# resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to ( Diflillcry.

; take i nto Gonfiderrition the State of tl»eiDistill^y.5i;: *n i Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-T - night, the^ift'Day of this instant January* resolve itself* into the said Committee^) *.*. .1 :*./, iq

The Order of the Day being read, for* the House for tA resolve itself into a Committee of the w^hole House,to\ p take into Consideration the Paper* ihtituled, <c Ldhfd u. \rifcoimt Dozone* Lieutenant Colonel* War Office*;

" 30th November 1759 and also, \ ’ - v/A

The Paper, intituled, "Sir William JPeere Williwn${

<( Baronet, Captain in the Army, War Office, 30th Vavernber 1759I: -; < * 1 i /:

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,; *4

refolvC itself into the said Committee. / '<

Ordered, That it be anJnftruftion to the said Committee, That they do proceed, in the! First place, upon* the Paper, intituled, " Sir William Peae Williams Ba-<c ronet, Captain in the Army, W*ar Office* <$o\\\Novem+

" for 17$$"

The other Orders of the Day being read; 1

ReJolvtdyThzit this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Way*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole. 8,1(1 Means. House, teconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve into a Committtee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-morroiy Morning* Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That there be la;d before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December Yol. 28.

70S

Martis, 22° die Januarii;

Anno 33* Georgii II" Regis, 1760.

? Prayers.

Army fYRDERED, That the Agent to the Regiment of Jwotatnents. Dragoons commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Bur-

fot/ne do this Day attend the Committee of the whole louse, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration the Paper, intituled, " Lord Viscount Downe, Lieute-u nant Colonel, War Office, 30th November 1750 and also the Paper intituled, " Sir William Peere Williams " Baronet, Captain in the Army, War Office, 30th " November 1759."

Spirit The House being informed, That a Person from the Licence*. Commissioners of the Excise attended at the Door:

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, /

An Account of the Number of Persons convicted before the Commissioners of Excise, upon Informations exhibited against them for retailing spirituous Liquors without Licence, between ill July 1743, and ill July 1759; distinguHhing the Number in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mackworth A Petition of Wrightson Mundy Esquire, Lord of Inclosure. the Manor of Mackworth, in the Parish of Mackworth, in the County of Derby, Sir Nathanael Curzon Baronet, Edward Mundy Esquire, Robert Baker, John Bennett junior, and others, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the several common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and waste Grounds,

/within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and re&d' fettirtg forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners lie intermixed and dispersed over the said Fields, Meadows, Pafftures, and waste Grounds, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Paf-y v tunes, and waste Grounds, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer iof the said Petition 2 And that Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Jarrit Smith, and Sir John Philipps, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

West A Petition of the Impropriator of the Hamlet of West Ftrndon Ffiffidon, in the Parish of Woodford, otherwise Halfe nc o ure. iyQQ^jord, in the County of Northampton, of the Vicar and Incumbent of the Parish Church of Woodford, otherwise Halfe Woodford, aforesaid* and of the several Freeholders, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the open and common Fields of the Hamlet of West Famdon aforesaid, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners several Estates in the ’ said open and common Fields lie intermixed anddifperfed

in small Parcels, by means whereof great Inconveniences do arise *, and alleging, that if the said Fields were inclosed and divided, it would be of great Advantage to the several Freeholders and Owners of the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said open and common Fields of the Hamlet of West Famdon aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Cartivright and the Lord Carysfort do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Burton Ordered, That Mr. Bridgman, General Honeywood,

Bri$£id&C ^r‘ Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProRor, Mr. John

1760.

Calvert, Sir Wm. Peere Williams, Mr. Fanjhaur, Sir Cecil Bishop, M r. Harbord, Lord Bateman, M r. Aldworth,

Lord Carysfort, Mr. A my and, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Burrard. Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Pryce Campbell, Sir Geo. Halftone, Mr. Hanger, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Fox,

General Cornwallis, Mr. Harris, Sir Robert Hildyard,

Mr. Jones, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Charles Gore,

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Townshend, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Counties of Stafford, Derby, Leicester, and Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Roads and Places therein after-mentioned, is referred.

A Pet ition of the several Land Owners and Holders State of tht in the Hundred of Godley, in the County of Surrey, whose DMay-Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themseves, and the rest of the Landed Interest was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have Reason to apprehend, that the total Suppression of the Malt Distillery will be detrimental to the Public; and that it affects at the same time the Landed Interest in general, and the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying, That the Interests of the Land-owners and Farmers may meet with the favourable Attention of the House; and that they will permit the Malt Distillery to be again opened, under such Regulations and Restrictions as shall be judged necessary.

A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and other In- Ditto, habitants, of the Borough and Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have seen the good Effects of the Prohibition of distilling Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal,

Floury or Bran: And therefore praying the House to continue the said Prohibition, under such Regulations as to the Wisdom of the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were Severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration the State of the Distillery.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Lord Cfc- Flctto* rysfort, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Lord of the Manor, h*ck>fiire. and Patron of the Rectory and Parish, Church of Fletton, in the County of Huntingdon, the Reverend Peter Pec hard Clerk, Rector of the said Parish of Fletton, and James Tompson Esquire, George Cornell, Robert Wright, and Charlton Wyldbore, Gentlemen, Proprietors of the open common Fields of Fletton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the open Fields and Grounds in the said Manor and Parish, lie dispersed; and alleging, that if the said Fields and Grounds were divided and inclosed, the same would be very advantageous to the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Surfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Ir. Felbwes, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Matthew Lambe, and Mr. Baptist Leveson Gower, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Githerb Tradesmen, Farmers, and others, of the North Riding of Moor, &c. the County of York, and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Road.

Freeholders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and others, of the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, near Didderjky Hill, to and through the Townof Caldwell, in the County of York, and from thence to and through the Town of Winston, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Stamdrop, in the said County; and also the Roads leading

22* Januarii.

An Ay Ipcloi'ure.

-Derby

Reads.

33 Geo. IL 220

in" from the said Turnpike Road nerir Small Ways, to and through the Town of Hut ton-iong-villers, in the faiil County of York, and from thence to and through the Town of Ovington to the Ford across the River Teefe, to the Town of Wiiston, in the said County of Durham; are in a very ruinous Condition, and narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually made, widened, and repaired, by the present Methods prescribed by Law; and that the present Ford across the River of Teefe, from the Yorkshire Side of the said River, to the Town of Wiuston, in the said County of Durham, is very dangerous, and frequently impafl'able, by reason of the frequent Floods in the said River; and alleging, that the making, widening, repairing, and amending, the said Highways and Roads, and building a Bridge across the said River of Teeje, near the Ford at Winston, will be a great Convenience and Advantage: And therefore praying the House, That a Bill may be brought in for making, amending, widening, turning, and repairing, the said Roads, and for building a Bridge across the said River of Teefe, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to tlieHouse:

And it is referred to Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Sandy*, Lord Cary.fort, Mr. Tiioroton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Martin, Mr. Clive, Mr. Jlewett, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wig ley, Mr. Ryder, Sir Thomas Claverrug, Mr. Felloices, Sir Francis Pocfe, Mr. Poivell, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Smith, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Morton, Lord Verney, Mr. Triji, Lord Hour, Mr. Butler, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Vernon, Sir Geo. Montgomery Mctham, Mr. Veitch; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of I'ork, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westowreland, and Lan~ caster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Harry Earl of SflarAford, Lord of the Manor o I' An fly, in the County of Leicester, as Parcel of the Manor of Grooby, in the said Count\r, Impropriator of the great Tythes of Part of the common and open Fields of Anfty aforesaid, and a Proprietor of Part of the Lands and Grounds in ther laid Fields; of the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of Emanuel College, in the Univeility of Cambridge, Patrons of the Redory and Parish Church of Thurcaston, in the lard County; of which. Part of Anjly is a Member; of the Reverend Richard Hurd Clerk, Reef or of t-he said Redorv and Parish Church, and of Thdituzs Mai tin, Henry Walker, Daniel Glover, Edzoard Hooke, Thomas Hifje, John Martin, and others, Proprietors of Lands, ami Persons interested in the said Fields, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners ill the said Fields lie greatly intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and tnelofing the said Fields, in such manner as to the House shall fetm riieet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And* that Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Cartwright, and Mr. Gibbons, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

which, and other further Powers, the Petitioners have not been able to put the said A$b in Execution to ah-fwer the Purposes thereby intended; and alleging, that it will be greatly for the Convenience of the Public, that Part of the Road in the said Acts mentioned, leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Brajfington, in the said County, should be tdrhedj by carrying the same from a certain Part of the said Road called pat$

Bank, along a Road leading t6 a Place called Quark; and from thence along a Lane called Gofsland Lane, and through certain Infclosures called Gofsland Close.

Holding Green Close, Redltfton C\ofey Field Close; Parx Nook Close, and so into the Park of Sir Nathanael Curzon Baronet, and through a Walk in the said Parity called All Saints Walk> and from thence along a Land called Park Lane, and so by & Place called Lit (it ItV~ ton, and from thenCe, through certain Inclosures, called Little Loxcfield and Taylor Close, and from thericealon^ a Lane called Blind Lane to the Joining of the said Turnpike Road at the End of the said Lane, in the Liberty of Wefion Underwood, in the Parish of Miig^ ginglon: And therefore praying. That Leave may given to bring in,a Bill to render mdre effectual thfe laid Acts, in such mariner as to the House shall foCih’ meet,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thtf Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the Ihrne, ad it shall appear to them,*to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas PdL mer, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Smith, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Thoroton. Mr. G>re,

Mr. Bailor, Mr. Clivt, Mr. Tewn/hend, Mr. Warren*

Mr. Barrow, Mr. York'e, Mr. Saridys, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Fellozves, Mr. Drake, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Hezvctf, Mr. Willes, Mr. Rankest Mr. Wig ley, Mr.’

Pole, Mr. Chdrllon, Mr. Plummer\ Sir Geo. Savile, Mr/

Crofter, Sir John Gordon, Mr. 1Campbell, Sir Thomas Stapleton, Mr. West, S\v James Creed, Mr. Griffin, Lord.

Verney), Sir John Morgan, Sir Matthew Lambe; gnd ,all the Members Who serve for the Counties of Dei by Nottingham, Leicester, Warwick, Northampton, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five* of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; anil Iiave

Power to fend foi* Persond, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Green the elder, Lord of the Somerby Manor of Somerby, in the County of Leicester, and Pro-. inciofurtf. prietor of a con side r able Part of the common and open;

Fields of Yy mer by a forefa i cl; Henry Munion, and olhej^p; Impropriators of (he Parish of Somerby aforesaid; Wily Ham Blown Clerk,. Patron and Vicar of the Pari fly a^t,

Parish Chutch of Soinei'lnj aforesaid; the lionourajbfo) and Reverend Rdbert Shefard, Thomas Green t younger, Edward Clicretden Clerk, George Thompjoi}, and others. Proprietors of Lands in (he laidt Fields^ was presented to ’the House, and redd; setting fortly That the Ldnds'fc'rid Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, lie greatly intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement v And therefore praying, That Leave may be given tp bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosrng the said Fields^ under such Regulations as t.o the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring jn a Bill$ ptffftiant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And.that Mr. Tfiorotoit, the; Lord Cary fort, and Sir Thomas Palmer, do prepare; and bring in?,the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, made in the 11th and 17th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in neither of the said Acts, Powers are' granted the Petitioners to widen, alter, and turn, such Part or Parts of the said Roads as they think rieceftliry for the Safety and Convenience bf Paifenger^; -:lor want of: VoL. 28.

A Petition of Jofteph Cradock the younger, Efuuire, Lord of the Manor of Gambley, in the County of Lei-defter, and a Proprietor of Land in the open ancf corny mon Fields tli^re, of the Dean and Chapter of th^ Cathedral Church of Lincoln, Patrons, and Richard Wynne Clerk, tie&or of the Rectory and Parish Church of Givmbky aforesaid, apd of Henry Hubbard Gentleman, Robert Biugleifa and others, whose Names araj thereunto’subscriVed, Proprietors of Land's in the stud Fields, was prefohtedTo the Houses and read; lotting 8 S forth.

Gumbiey

inclosure.

710

2 2® Januarii\ A. i y6o.

forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the said Fields, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Sir Thomas Palmer and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Barkb? A Petition of William Pochin Esquire, Lord of the ladosure* Manor of Barkby, in the County of Leicejlei', Impropriator of the great Tythes there. Patron of the Vicarage and Church of Barkby aforesaid, and a Proprietor of a conficterable Part of the open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of Barkby aforesaid, of the Reverend Ralph Healhcole Clerk, Doctor in Divinity, Vicar of the said Vicarage, and of William Lenin, and others, Proprietors of Land in the said Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Fields, lie greatly dispersed and intermixed, and are, in their present Condition, in a great measur unimproveable: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Palmer and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

0{o«ee(ter, A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are &c. Road*, thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Truliees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the City of Hereford, and for repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucester; and also of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders or Inhabitants of the said County of Gloucester; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in consequence of the said Acts, some Progrels hath been made in repairing and widening the Roads therein described; and alleging, that the Petitioners, finding the said last mentioned A ft, in many Parts, defective, apprehend, that, for effectually repairing the said Roads, it is absolutely necessary that the Term and Powers of the said Act should be further continued and enlarged, and the said Act, in many respects, made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and for enlarging and altering several of the Powers, granted by the said Act of the 20th Year of his present Majesty, and for giving such further and other Powers as may be necessary for effectually repairing and widening the said Roads, and keeping the same in Repair, for the future, or such other Relief in the Premises as the same may require, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Barrozv, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Morton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. For-refer 9 Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Smith, Si r Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fellozves, Sir Thomas Stapleton, Mr. Bacon, S\r John Morgan, Mr. Thoroton, N[v. Colleton, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Willes, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Lezvis, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Drake, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Lvjler, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Clive, Mr. Butler, Mr. Earle, Mr. Nugent, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Gy b bon, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr, Lejlie, Sir James Coltbrooke, Mr. Lyflert

Sir Wm. Codring Ion, Mr, Olmius; Mr. Grenville; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Hereford, and Salop; and for the Prills cipality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and com- $uWive mon Field, common Meadows, common Pastures, coni'* Iiu&ur* mon Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Parish, Township, and Liberties, of Sulgrave, in the County of Northampton> was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. CartK zaright, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fellozves, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Smithy Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Barrow, Sir Thomas Stapleton, M?.

Harvey, Lord Verney, Mr. Forrester, Lord Carysfort9 Mr. Pole, General Cornwallis, Mr. Thor0ton, Mr. Ellioty Mr. Fane, Mr. Warren, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Willes, Mr.

Morton, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Marlin, Mr. Lockyer, Mr.

Ryder, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Hewett, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Clivey Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Town/field, Mr.

Lejlie, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Butler, Mr.

Wright, Mr. hlartin, Mr. Whittington, Mr. Alderman Bec/ford, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Hume, Mr, Cooke, Mr.

Brndenell, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Alderman Dick infan, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Lyjler, Sir He my Erskine, Mr.

Gore, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Fetich, Sir John Barrington, Admiral Griffin, Lord Howe, Mr Crafier, Lord North and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Oxford, Warwick, and Leicester:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Supply Bill; Malt; and for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the c* said Duties; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Hammond Turner Cleric, Lord of the Haukfwonh Manor of Hawksworth, in the County of Nottingham, laclosure. and Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Hawkf-xoorih, aforesaid, and also Rector of the said Parish, and of Mrs. Mary Disney, and John Disney Esquire, and several other Freeholders, and Persons interested in the open Fields, Meadows, common Pastures, and waste Grounds, in the said Parish of Hazvksworth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the Petitioners, and other Proprietors, in the said open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and alleging, That it would be of great Advantage, if the same were divided and inclosed;

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hewett and Mr, Charlton ‘da prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Army Ap-. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, poiutrocntfc to take into Consideration the Paper, intituled, <c Lord M Viscount Dozvne, Lieutenant Colonel, War Office,

" 30th November 1759 5" and also,

The Paper, intituled, c< Sir William Peere Williams Baronet, Captain in the Army, War Office, 30th ff November 1759;"

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Establishments

" of

33 Geo. tl.

u of the several new Regiments and Corps that have " been raised since the Year 1758, with the Dates of " the Warrants for railing them respectively*" be referred'to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper* intituled, " Lift of the " Names of the several Officers belonging to, and doing * Duty in Lieutenant Colonel Burgoyne's Regiment of " Light Dragoons, with the Pay they respectively receive, and the Particulars of the Sum of£. 21,356. is,

H charged in the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons for " the Year 1760, for the Pay of Lieutenant Colonel " Burgoyne’s Regiment of Light Dragoons, for 3^6

Days," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Lift of the "Names of the several Officers belonging to, and doing " Duty in, the Earl of Horne's Regiment of Foot, with " the Pay they respectively receive, and the Particulars " of the Sum of ^.18,415. 18s. charged in the Estimate " of Guards and Garrisons for the Year 1760, for the Fay of the Earl of Home's Regiment of Foot, for 366 ct Days," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, including those in Germany, for the Year 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals for the Year 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinaries incurred to the 24th of November 1759, and not provided Jbr by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Paper, intituled, "Sir Willi am Peere " Williams Baronet, Captain in the Army, War Office, ""30th Novejnber 1759," do them referred; and had come to a Resolution $ which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleaie to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bacon accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed, him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir William Peere Williams, having been appointed by Brevet a Captain in his Majesty’s Army, and not receiving, or being intitled to receive, Pay, his Seat in Parliament is not thereby become vacant.

'The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Questionput thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Mr.'ifczcflrt also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may ^fcave Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Paper, intituled, ‘ Lord Viscount Doivne, Lieutenant Colonel, War " Office, 30th November 1759."

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel George Scolt do, upon this Day Fortnight, attend the said-Committee.

Ordered, That the Agent to the Regiment of Foot commanded by the Right honourable the Earl of Home do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Chlflchurst Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Harbord* Lord

Middlesex, Mr. Peachey, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Ca- s* dogaiiy be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend Thomas MoorcDoctor in Divinity, Rector of the Parish Church of Chijlehurst, in the County of Kent, Samuel Roy croft, John Stevens, Esquires, Three of the surviving Trustees of the charitable Donation of George Wilson Clerk, therein after-mentioned; and also of the said Thomas Moore, and the Churchwardens of the said Parish Church, as Trustees of the several charitable Vol. 28.

711

Donations therein after-mentioned, for the Benefit of the said Parish; and also of the honourable Thomas Totvn-field Esquire, Lord of the Manor of ChiJleJiurfii and of the several Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Manor and Paridi of Chijlehurst,whoseNames are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Right honourable Robert Bertie, commonly called Lord Robert Bertie; is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 230 die Januarii j

Anno 33* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

AM E S 9 A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Mountagu and Mr. Lane t M r. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Turner's dissolve the Marriage of Exuperius Turner Esquire, with Divdrce. Elizabeth Louisa, his now WTife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdreWi

A Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Wrotham Clergy, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County of Heath, ice. Kent, was prefen ted to the House, and read; taking Notice of an Act, passed ill the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent* and from thence to the Village of Foot's Cray, in the said County; and alleging, that, in pursuance of the said Act, great Part of the said Road has been repaired; and that the Road from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath to the Town of Maidstone, in the said County of Kent, is in a very ruiqousCondition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law:

And therefore praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for extending and enlarging the Powers of the before-mentioned Act, to enable t heCommissioners a6ling Under the said Act, to repair the Road leading from the Royal Oak oh Wrptham Heath to the said Town of Maidstone, through the Parishes of Wrotham, Of ham, Addington,

Ryarsh, Lcyborne, West Mailing, East Mailing, Ditton, Aylesford\ AI ling ton, and Maidstone, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Elliott, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Alderman Dickinsonf Mr. Torke, Mr Peachey, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Holt, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Sandys, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. HuJfeij, Lord Carysfort, Mr Plump-tre, Lord North, Mr. Kyn 'afton, General Cormvallis, Mr.

Fellowes, Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Mr. Fonereau, Sir John Philipps, Mr. More, Mr. ‘Lewis, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Smith, Mr* Lyster, Mr, Hamilton, Mr.

Wig ley, Mr. Tozvii/haid, Mr. Gore, Mr. Butler, Lord Viltiers, Mr. Jenyns, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Moore,

Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Grenville, Mr.

Wilkes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Suj)ex, Surrey, and Middlesex; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Lewis Esquire was presented to Lewis's the House, and read; letting forfh, Thnt Richard Lloyd, Name, late of WemcNewith, in tlieCounty of Cardigan, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date on or about the 28th Day of June 1757, did devise certain Mates unto* the Petitioner, for his Life; and* after the Determination of that Estate by Forfeiture, or other* wife, to Trustees, to preserve the contingent Remainders

therein

22° — 2 30 Januarii.

q\i

tf'jamariu 17 66*

therein^M*rJ incited; Remainder to the Petitioner’s Heirs fticceflively, in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over; and that lie did, in his said Will, direct, that every PejTon, who, by his-(aid Will (ho*dd be inti tied and come ifttaPoffeflion of the Premises, or any Part thereof, should, within Three Years after being in fuchPoflession, if then Twenty-one Years old (but if not of such Age, then within Three Years after he shall attain such Age) procure an Act of Parliament, to take, use, and bear, the Tellator’sSurname and Arms ;and, for Default thereof, that the Premi fes lliould go to the next intitled under the ford Will; and alleging, that the said Testator died on or about the zoth Day of July 1757: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Billtoenabietbe Petitioner, and his Heirs Male, to take, use, and bear, the said Name and Arms.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lewis and Major General Cornwallis do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Melton A Petition of Sir Matthew Lamhe Baronet, Lord of the Mowbray Manor of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Ijeicester, Inclosure. an({ a Proprietor of a considerable Part of the Lands and Grounds in the open and common Fields of Melton Mowbray MovelkM, Edward Smith Esquire, Impropriator of the Impropriate Tythes of Melton Mowbray aforesaid, and a Proprietor of a considerable Part of Landsand Groqnds in the said open Fields, and Thomas Crane Esquire, John North, Edward Stokes, William Reeve, Gentlemen, and others, Proprietors of Lands and Grounds there, waspresented tQ the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners lie intermixed anddifperfed jn small Parcels in and over the said Fields, and are, in their prefect^ Situation, incapable of much, if any, Improvement And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, hi such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuaivt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Palmer and Mr. Cartwright c{o prepare, and bring in, the fame. t,

Haleworthy, A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-through holders, and Ocpupiers of Lands, residing in or near, Camdtord, and travelling on, the Roads, therein after-mentioned,

oaGS* in the County of Cornwall, and of divers other Gentlemen, Clergy, Frediolders, *and inhabitants, of the said County, whose Names are thereubto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Highways or Roads leading from H'alezvorlhy, in the Parish of Davidjiow, in the County of Cornwall, through the Town of Camelford, in the Parish of Laniegles, through the Parishes of St. Fealh, St. Rezo Eglojhailc, over Wadebridge, through St. Brencks, Stf I (fey, St. Columb, Little Colon, St. Enoder, and Newlyn, through the Borough of St. Michael, in the said County, are in a very ruinous Condition, and, in the'Winter and rainy Seasons, almost irppaflable for Wheel Carriages, and earn lot, by the Laws uow in being, be ibfficiently re-‘ paired and kept iu Repair; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more effectual repairing and widening, tlife said Highways, in such Manner, and by such' Ways and Means, as to the House shaljl seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ConfideFation of a Committee: And that, they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ;q>pear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ihiffp, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr; Pole, Sic James ColebipokeiMr. Sandys. Sir Francis Pcole, Mr. Bacon, Lord North i M11. Butler, Lord ViL* liers, Mr. Townshend* Lord Cterysfort\ Mr. Montagu, General Cornwallis, Mr. KynaftbK Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Plumptre, Yorkey Mr, Smith, Mr.: Wilke's, Mr.

Morton, Me. CharlpoHy Mr. Mdr.t, Mr. Willes, Mr. Ha^ miUony Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hcwetty Mr; Cartwright

Mr. Bayniun, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Moore, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Campbell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Someijet, and Dorjct: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Patron and Rector of the RcClory FolkfWtl and Parish Chiy’di of Folkfwort.fi. in the County of link- iucIo^urc* tingdon, and of several other Persons interested in the common Fields and Grounds in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said common Fields and Grounds lie intermixed and dispersed, and are not capable of any considerable Improvement; and alleging, that if the said Fields and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and aCompensation made for Ty I lies, the same would tend to the Advantage of all Persons concerned; And therefore praying. That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations, and with such Powers* as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Carysfort and Mi*. Fellowes do prepare, and bring in, the fame. x

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Bouchto8 holders, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Chef Ban,*.. ter, Salop, Stafford, and Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, by Barnhill, in the county of 'Chester, to Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and from thence through Sernhill to Newport, in the said County of Salop, to Ivet-Jey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence by Four Crosses and Wcljh Harp, in the said County of Stafford, to Caftte Bromwich, in the County of Warwick, and from thence over Colejfiiil Heath, Hill Buck net, ami Stone Bridge, to the Town of Meiriden, in the said County of Warwick, is, in many Parts, in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places very narrows andcannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Cartzori°ht9 Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Bold, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Pole, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fuller, Lord Strange, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. Morton, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Aldermaxa Dickinson, Mr. Chariton, Mr. Montagu, Mr. , Wigley, Mr. Felloioes, Mr. Campbell, Mr. More, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Kunaston, General Cornwallis, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Clive, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Goiey Mr. Bacon, Lord Villiers, Mr. Butler, Lord Royfion,

Mr. Hamilton, ir John Gordon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Geo.

Onslow, MMoore, Mr. Wrighte, Mr. Hill, Mr. Smith; ajid all the Members whoservefor the Counties of Chef ter, Salop, Stafford, and Warwick; and for the Principality of Wales And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. West presented to tire Ilbnfe, pursuant to their Surplufo Address to his Majesty,

1 Surplusses Rated the 5th April and also,

Surplusses* dated the lothOfttffrrr 1759.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Ablira&s thereof are followeth; m.

ABSTRACT

ABSTRACT of the said Surpluses, Rated the 5th April 1759.



o

tJ

00

The EXCHEQUER to The SINKING FUND

Dr.

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year, ended the 5th of April 1759 5 Tlz

1 a ' , r?.. . .1 1... t . i-... »_____nv 1:.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Aeco

Surplus of the General Fund, brought Iroiu Account, Folio 3

nut, Folio

1759; £- y, d.

- 502,481 s 9i

44,473 17 8

- 320,282 14 3r

867,238 —

To Monies brought to Account the 5th Day of Ap"il 1759, pursuant U> the A A paOed 25® G

dating the Funds; viz.

git 2dl, for consoli-

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 4® Georgii 2di, for the 3i*r- £, 5. d

vice of the Year 1731 ----- - 14,380 17 10

Surplus of the additional Duties on low Wines and lirong Waters, granted per Acts

l6°, and 24°, Georgii 2di - -- - 20,242 11 loj

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted per Act 18’ Georgii

2dl, for the Service of the Year 1745 ----- - 9,676 12 3

The like of the Dpties upon Glass and spirituous Liquors, granted per Act 19*

Georgii 2ai? for the Service of the Year ,1746 ----- 9,502 14 3

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Window-?, and Lights, granted per

Act 200 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1^47 ----- 59,771 4 6

The like of the Duty on Coaches, granted per Act 20® Georgii 2th, for Service

of the said Year - -- 16,475 1 0

The Subsidyon Goods and Merchandize imported, granted per Act 21° Georgii 2d*,

for the Service of the Year 1748 ----- 126,225 14 7;

The Duty of 6 d. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted per Act 6° Georgii 11, for the Service of the Year 1720 -

The Duty of 4ojh. per Annum for Licences to be taker) out by all Persons dealing in, or vending ol. Gold or Silver Plate, granted from 5th July 1758,per Act 31° Georgii -2di -

~ The Duty of 12pi. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted per Act 10° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 27° Georgii 2^, Page 218 To. the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, £. s. d. continued per Act 2° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £.1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Pnuk of England^ brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 28° Georgii 2 j. Page 457 - 21,139 3 7

To the Surplus of LhePuty upon Coals, continued per Act l* Georgii 2di, lor raising the Sum of £ 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii 2di - 10,093 2 11

256,-74 16 l°z

1,600 11 8

257>875 8 H

1,867 3 6J

To the Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale^nd other ex-cifcable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 29 Georgii 2d\ Page 512 -

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act of 29° Georgii 2", Page 323 -To the fever a I Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act of 290 Georgii 2di, Pago 332....

31,232 C 6

- 29,503 — 7

4,784 17 —

5,168

W

Tft the Duty of 3*. 4^. per Eufliel on Salt, brought to this.Account pursuant H to the Act 26° Gcoi'gii 2dt, Page 51, in that Behalf -

O

H

3i

39>455 19 lci 130,269 18 ill

460,700 17 5

1,327.938 18 2£

Per Contra

By the chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, duo the 5th of January 1759, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, «in the principal Sum of £. 10,537,821 5*. 1 £ d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of £. 3 per Cent. transforrable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts passed 25°, 2b0, ft 290, Georgii 2Ji, in that Behalf -

By D®, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, the same Half Year -Bv the chief Cashier of tire said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Inter ft, due tire 5th of April 1759, being after the Rate of £. 3/.er Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 17,701,323 16 s. 4 d. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Act 25° Georgii 2di, in that Behalf By D°, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year -By the chiefCafhier of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Haifa Year’s Interest due the 5th of January 1750, being alter the Rate of £ 3 10.9. per Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum of £. 1,500,000, Part of£. 2,000,000 lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Act 29° Georgii 2dl, Page 224, in that Behalf -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the fume Half Year -By Haifa Year’s Annuity, due the 5th of January 1759, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 2.100,000 transferrable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Act 24* Georgii 2di, Page 39, in that Behalf -By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that Behalf -

By Call) taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Glass and on spirtuous Liquors, on the 5th of January 1759, pursuant to the Act 19° Georgii 2dl, to anfvyer Annuities on tingle Lives, charged thereupon, which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund out of the firli.Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 291, and 292, in that Behalf BvCalh taken to make good the Deficiency, on the said 5th of January 1 759, of the additional "Stamp Duties, Duty on Licences for retailing Wine, Duty on Coals exported, and Surplus of the Duty on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, made a Fund per Act 308 Georgii 2dl, for paving Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, on £.3,000,000, as also the Life Annuities payable at the Exchequer by virtue of the said Act, and other Charges thereupon, vvhk.li Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the firli Supplies to he granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 351, in that Behalf By Cash taken 10 make good the Deficiency on the said 5th of January 1759,of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Petitions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund per Act 31® Georgii 2di, for payiugAnnuities at the Bank of England, after the Rate of £.3 10s. per Cent, on £ 4,500,000,mid £. 3 per Cent, on £. 500,000 in Lottery Annuities, making together/'.5,000,000 borrowed towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 746, in that Behalf By Calli taken in full of £.1,606,076 5 1 I for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Serv ice of the Year 175S, pursuant to the Act 31° Georgii 2-1, Page 938, in that Behalf -

Balance is Calli remaining in the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament, on 5th April 1759

Cr.

£. x. d.

k-K>

o

158.067 6 4f M

2, S8i 15 2} q

265,510 17 if H* 4.978 0

26,250-----

421 17 6

31.500-----

590 12 6

o

8,752 6 10


7,651 9 S]

74,299 10 10 566,947 15 2

1,147,862 1 i£

180,676 17 — J

1.327.938 1*

This being the Seventy-third Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Act 90 Georgii irol. Page 367, is humbly presented, this 23d Day of January 1760.

J. West.

1-

D

cq‘

n'

CD

CL

cr

£D

o

eg

ABSTRACT of the said Surplusses, dated the ioth October 1759.

D

cq'

n'

0

CL

cr

o

o

eg

FT

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND -

To Surplus Monies unapplied the 5th April 1759, as per Account for the Half Year then ended

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year entjed the loth of

_ October 1759; viz, *£. x. d.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 - 577*076 19 7

Surplus of the South Scu Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio a - 73,405 8 3

Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 - - -313,540 3 loj

964,022 11 9

To Cash received of a Person unknown, for Conference Sake, for the public Use 624-----

To Monies brought to this Account the *oth of October 17/>9» pursuant to the Act passed the 25° Georgii 2dl, for consolidatitig the Funds; viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted by an Act £. x. d.

40 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1731 - - - 14,426 — 11

Surplus of the additional Duties on low Wines and strong

Waters, granted per Acts t6°, 17®, & 24°, Georgii 2di - 41,271 14 9 The like of the additional Duty ou Wines imported, granted per Act 18° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1745 - 24,286 ' 7 7

The likeof the Duties upon Glass and fpiiituous Liquors, granted per Act 190 Georgii 2dI, for the Service of the Year 1746 . 2,778 11 lj The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houfos, Windows, and Lights, granted per Act 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747 - 80,785 10 7

The like of the Duty on Coaches, granted per Act 20° Georgii

.2dl, for tho Service of the said Year -. - - -. -_ 40,805 14 lo£

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandize imported, granted per

Act 210 Georgii 2dr, for the Service of the Year 1748 - - 163,206 14 7

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted per Act (i® Georgii l"1, for the Service of the Year 1720 -

The Duty of 401. per Annum, for Licences to be taken out by ail Persons dealing in, or vending of Gold or Silver Plato, granted from 5th July 1758, per Act 310 Georgii 2di -

367>56o 14 5

6,240

4t

The Duty of 12fh, per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted per Act 10® Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 270 Georgii 2dl, Page 218 -The Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £, 1,250,000 by Sale £. s. d.

of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 28° Georgii 2di, Page 457 - 20,265 18 7*

To the Surplus of the Duties oh Coals, continued per Act i°

Georgii 2dI, for raising the Sura of £. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii 2dl - - 18,461 4 11

373*8oo 15 gf

3,228 14 5i

38,727 3 «j

i Dr-

£. s. d.

180,076 17 —

Per Contra

By the chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Intermit, due the 5th of July 1759, being after the Rate of £.3. per Cent per Annum on the principal Sum of £. 10,537,821 5 *. 1 \ d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of £.$. perCcnt. transferrable Annuities at the Bank of England, purlbant to the Acts passed the-25®, 28®, & 290 Georgii 2dl, in that Behalf -

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -

By the chief Cashier of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said 5th of July 1759, after the Rate of £. 3- per Cent, on £. 3,000,000, added to the above Joiut Stock of£- 10,537,821 5 s. 1 d, by an Act 32° Georgii 2dl, in that Behalf

By the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on .£.1,687 10 s* Vcr Annum, for Charges of Management of the said £. 3,000,000, in Annuities for Two Years, ended the said 5th of July 1759....

By Calli taken to answer Annuities on Angle Lives payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dl, and charged on this Fund by an Act 32® Georgii 2di for Halt a Year, ended the said 5th of July 1759 - -

By the chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 10th of October 1759, being after the Rate of £.3 per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 17,701,323 16 s. 4d. the Amount of the Joint Stack of Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Act 25° Georgii 2dl, Page 598, in that Behalf - - - . - -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year

By B®. for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of July 1759, being after the Rate of £ 3 10 s. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 1,500,000, Part of Two millions, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Act 29° Georgii 2<’1, Page 224, in that Behalf -

By D®, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year

By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th of July 1759, Being after the Rate of £. 3. per Cent, per Annum, on the Principal Sum of £.2,100,000 transferrdble at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his MajeAy for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Act 24° Georgii 2dl, Page 39, in that Behalf -

By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, fyc. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that Behalf -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5 th of July 1759, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund per Act 31® Georgii 2dl, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Rate of

Cr.

£ * 4-

158,067 6 4i

2,882 15 2*

45,000 —

3*375 -

16,706-----

265,519 17 *§ 4,978 9 loi

26,250 -

421 17 6

31,500 — —

590 ifc S

23° Januarii. 1760.

o

K>

00

To the Duty upon licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act ‘2g° Georgii 2dI, Page 312 -To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 29® Georgii 2*11, Page 323 -To the several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corpbrate,having certain Quantitiesof Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 290 Geo. 2d', Page 332....

£ 1. d.

22,520 13 4

*.9«3 15 4

10,115 18 io|

To the Duty of 3s. 4 d. per Bushel on Salt brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 26° Georgii 2d‘, Page 51, iu that Behalf -

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account ^pursuant to the Ad 30° Georgii 2di To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like To the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences for retailingWine, the like -

To D#of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, the like -

35,620 7 6|

- - 100,896 17

£. s. d.

45.571 9 3

6,530 7 3

12,524 1 9*

17,143 12 8

81,769 10 11$

To Monies granted out of the Supply 1759, for the Purposes following, per Ad 32® Georgii 2dI, Page 533, in that Behalf; n'z.

To replace tothisFund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th of July 1758, of the additional Stamp Duty, Duty on Licences for retailing Wine, Duty on Coals exported, and Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, made a Fund by an Act of 30° Georgii 2di, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Rate of £, 3 per Cent, on £. 3,000,000, as also the Life Annuities payable at the Exchequer, and other Charges thereupon -

TO replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th July 1758, of the Duties on Gl?.fs and spirituous Liquors, to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act of 19° Georgii act -

24.371 6 ui

8,881 11 10;

1,598,690 1 7$

33,252 18- i©i

1,812,019 17 6J

O

in

n'

0

o_

o

£. 3. to#, per Cent, on £. 4,500,000, and £, 3 per Cent. on 500,000 in Lottery Annuities, making together Five millions, borrowed towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the firit Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 746, in that Behalf -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th of July 1759, of the Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes imported, and an additional inland Duty on Cotlee and Chocolate, to answer Annuities after the Kateof^.3 per Cent, charged thereupon, pursuant ta the Act 3‘2° Georgii 2il, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, ns per Clause in the said Act, Page 266, in that Behalf

5<M3fr 16 3 i Q

W

o

84»H* 15 8 h-H

B\ Calli taken towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year >759, 'pursuant to the Ad 320 Georgii a®. Page 472, iu that Behalf -

180,076 17 — j

More taken in Part of £. 2,250,000, grauted also towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the said Year 1759, pursuant to the said Ad 320 Georgii 2di* Page 472, in that Behalf ——

c

94*072 9 11 i 1,812,019 17

This being the Seventy-fourth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Ad 90 Georgii i"‘. Page 367, is humbly presented this 23d Day of January 1760.

J. WeJI.

Od

l-«

Sea grave Inclosure

Asfordby

Inclosure.

Mildenhall

Drainage.

716 230 Jamarii. 17 60.

Ordered, That I he said Surpluses do lie upon the the Lands of the Petitioners, and divers other Proprietors,

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. within the Limits aforesaid, containing above 20,000

Acres, have, from the Defect of their Outfall to Sea,

A Petition of Leonard Fojbrooke Esquire, Lord of the been overflowed and annoyed with Water for many Manor of Sea grove, in the County of Leicester, the Re- Years past, whereby the same have been rendered of verend Richard Ben/kin, of Scagrave aforesaid, thepre- very little or no Value; and alleging, that the same sent Rector of the Parish Church of Scagrave aforesaid, cannot be drained without the Aid of Parliament:

Thomas Fi/her, John Woodrooffe, and others, being And therefore praying, That the House will grant the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as to the House Common Right, in, over, and upon, the Commons, shall seem meet.

common Fields, cor. non Grounds, and commonable A Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Common- Mildenhall Places, of and belonging to Scagrave aforesaid, was alty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Drainage, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was also pre-the Lordship of Scagrave aforesaid consists of large fented to the House, and read; reciting the lad preopen Fields, called the Brink Field, Avjley Field, the ceding Petition, and alleging, that the Petitioners con-Over Field, and Nether Field, great Part of which lie ceive, that it will be greatly for the Benefit of the at aconsiderable Distance from the Town of Seagrave, Petitioners, and the other Owners and Proprietors of and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Im- the Lands lying within the Dilirift in she said preceding provement; and that there are several large open Petition mentioned, that a Bill iliould pass for draining Commons or Wades, called or known by the Names of the fame; and further alleging, that many Hundred the Hills, the Playne, the Wo u Ids, the Gorse, the Stobbs, Acres of Adventure Land, lying in the same Didrift, and Watering Leys, situate and being within the said are become veded in the Petitioners the Corporation of Lorddiip; and alleging, that it would be a manifed Bedford Level, which at present yield little or no Profit, Advantage to the Petitioners, and the Town of Sea- and will be greatly for the Advantage of the said Cor-grave in general, if the said open Fields, and several poration that such in veded Lands should be sold for Commons or Wades, were inclosed, and a specific the bed Price that can be got for the fame, discharged Share thereof allotted to each Proprietor, in proportion of all Arrears of Taxes a defied thereon by virtue of the to their several and respective Intereds therein: And Acts of the 15th and 20th of King Charles the Second; therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring but subject to the future Taxes payable by the said in a Bill for the Pur poles aforesaid. Acts, after the same shall be fold: And therefore pray-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that draining the said Lands; and that the Petitioners may Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fellowes, and Mr. Cartwright, be thereby impowered to fell the Adventure Land do prepare, and bring in, the fame. veded in them, lying within the said Didrift, discharged

of all Arrears of Taxes charged thereon by virtue of A Petition of Thomas Smith Esquire, Lord of the the said Acts of the 15th and 20th of King Charles the Manor of Asfordby, in the County of Leicester, and a Second, but subject to the future 1 axes payable by the Proprietor of a considerable Part of the Lands and said Acts; and that the Petitioners may be impowered.

Grounds in the open and common Fields of Asfordby by such Bill, to pay the Taxes which shall be imposed aforesaid, Andrew Burnaby Clerk, Patron and Reftorof thereby upon the said invested Lands, until the same the Rectory and Church of Asfordby, and also a Pro- shall be fold, or that the House will grant such other prietor of Lands and Grounds in the said Fields, John Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet.

Hill, Eleanor Hill Spinster, John Hubbard, Thomas Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Reeve, and others, Proprietors of Lands and Grounds Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-there, was presented to the House, and read; setting mine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Proprietors, shall appear to them, to the House: in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small And they are referred to Lord Royfton, Mr. Jenyns,

Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable Lord North, Mr. Fellowes, Lord ViUiers, Mr. Bacon, of much Improvement; and alleging, that it would Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Pole, Mr. Elliot, Mr More, Mr. t'-nd to the Advantage of the Proprietors of the said Ellis, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Willes, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Fields, to have the same divided and inclosed, and spe- Whitworth, Mr. Finch, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. cific Shares allotted to each Person interested therein: Lewis, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Baynlun, Mr-. Chet-

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to wynd, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wiglcy, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Yorke, bring in a Bill for "that Purpose. Mr. Montagu, Mr. Geo. Onjlozv, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Wilkes,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Butler, Sir Armine suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Wodehouse, Mr. Butler, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Townshend,

Thomas Palmer and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Moore, Sir Thomas Pal/ner, Mr. bring in, the fame. Holt, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Alderman Dick inf on. Lord

Digby, Lord Cary fort; and all the Members who serve A Petition of severalOwners and Occupiers of certain for the Counties of Cambridge, Norfolk, Suffolk, Hun-Fen Lands and low Grounds in the Hie of Ely and ’ tingdun and Lincoln: And they are to meet this After-Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, which are bounded as noon atFiveof the CIock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and follows; that is to say, from Brandon Creek End, by have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, the EaliBank of the River Ou/e, to Prickwillow Bridge,

and from thence along the North Bank of Mildenhall A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Bawtry to River to the Hard Lands of Mildenhall Rows, and along holders, Merchants, Farmers, and Traders, whose Names Sheffield the Skirts of the Hard Lands of Mildenhall Rows to the are thereunto subscribed, reading in or near, and tra- ^oad* Bank on the Well Side of Reaver's Load, or Earjivdl veiling on, the Road between the Towns of Sheffield Brook, and then along the said Bank to Winter Load, and Bawtiy, in th'e County of York, was presented to and by Winter I^oad and Laken Heath old Load to the House, and read; setting forth. That the high Plant Load, and then by Plant Load to the Fen Ground Road between the said Townships of Sheffield and Baza-called Arthinftall, and through the said Ground, East try is very dangerous to Travellers, and in the Winter Moor in Lakenheath, and Imvell Moor, to the Bank and rainy Seasons impassable for Wheel Carriages, and lately made by George Wright Esquire, near the Edge cannot be repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by of Knight's Fen, and then by the said Bank to the South the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying.

Bank of Brandon River, and along the South Bank of That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widen-Brandon River to Brandon Creek’s End aforesaid; was ing and repairing the said Road, by such Ways and . prefeased to the House, and read; setting forth. That Means as to the House shall seem proper and reasonable.

71 Ordered,

33 GEO. IL ^3* Jftouarii. 717

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred' to Sir Geo. Savile, Lord Rm/fton, Sir John Philipps, Lord Villiers, Lord North, Mr. Bacon, ]^lr. Lowndes, Mr. More, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Butler, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fclloioes, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Smith, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Sandys, Lord Verna/, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. West, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Lyster; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Halifax, &c. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Hoad. Inhabitants, of the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, and of the several Parishes of Rochdale and Burnley, in the County of Lancaster,who fe Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads leading from Halifax aforesaid^fty Todmerden, to Burnley a fore said, and to Little-trough, in the said Parish of Rochdale, are in many Parts rui nous, and dan gerous to Travel lers, and in others almost impassable for Carriages, and in general so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass each other; and alleging, that, by deviating in some few Places from the common Road, the Height and Steepness of several Hills might be avoided, and a safe and commodious Road might be made: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the said Roads, with all such farther and other Powers as may be necessary and proper for carrying the said Purposes into Execution in the bed and moll effectual Manner, or that the House will grant such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem convenient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hewett, Lord North, Mr* More, Lord Verney, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Smith, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Martin, Mr. Wilkes, Mr* Montagu, Mr. Wilks, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Foley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hu fey, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Bacon, Mr. West, Mr. Ftllowes, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Tho-roton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Plummer, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Holt, Lord Roijfton, Mr. Towns-kc7id, Mr. Moore, Mr. Pole, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Butler, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Campbell, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Wigley, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Lloyd; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Admiral Vice Admiral Saunders, Rear Admiral Holmes, and

8aunder», Brigadier General Toiovjhend, being come to the House, Ac. thanked. Mr. Speaker acquainted them. That the House had unaniinouily resolved, that ihe Thanks of this House be given to the Admirals and Generals employed in the glorious and successful Expedition against Quebec-, and Mr. Speaker gave the said Members the Thanks of the House accordingly, as followeth; viz.

Vice Admiral Saunders, Rear Admiral Holmes, Brigadier General Townshend!

The House has unanimously resolved, that their Thanks be given to the Admirals and Generals employed VoL. 28,

in the glorious and successfulExpedition against 2we5ec, with a Direction to me to communicate those Thanks accordingly; and I am to db it to you, Sirs, in this Place, as you are Members of this House, and now present; but with a Reference also to those other great Officers who are likewise included within this Refo-lntion; in the doing of which Service, I never had more Pleasure, as it regards the Subject of it, or more Difficulty, as it respects my Performance of this Command;

What Sentiments or Words shall I life equal to the Occasion f I scarce dare trull to my own*especially after what has been said here, by several honourable Per* fons, on this great and animating Event to us — The Conquell of Quebec: And I do moll earnestly wilh, for my own fake, for yours. Sirs, and for the House, that t might avail myself of their Eloquence, and refer you to that; let it, however, supply my Defers in complying with thisUfage, and Duty of my Office*

The able and valiant Leader, whom the House has so justly celebrated by an Act of public Piety, is, unfortunately for his Country, beyond the Reach of all our Praise: — He is gone fromus; but you providentially remain; and the public Pi aise,so much your Due also, you Sirs, happily for us all, receive in Person — O ur Joy in you is uninixed with any Impressions of Sorrow, except for him your Companion, and those other brave Men who fell with him, but fell with him in Battle, and in Victory — Glorious Deaths, although bemoaned; he and they died for their Country; you hazarded your Lives also for it, but survive for our Security: Continue, then, Sirs, the Honour you have already acquired — Pursue your own Spiritand Ardour whenever the publicDanger shall again call you forth: The Reduction of Quebec, so im* portant to the British Empire and Interestsin that Part of the World, and where the Cause of the War began, and which is our primary and ultimate Consideration of it, mull ever be remembered to your Fame — Ybur grateful Countrymen here, and of America, will, through all Times, recount the Names, the bold and perilous Ad~ ventures, and the amazing Succelfes, of those who conducted this hardy Enterprize — Emulation mufl follow it.

These are Merits worthy the high Acknowlegements of them I am to deliver'to you, which are the Unanimous Thanks of the Commons of Great Britain; and I do give you their Thanks for the Part you had in the glorious and successful Expedition against Quebec

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Thanks of 1*hank» this House be given to Sir Edward Hawke, for the late signal ViClory obtained by him over the French Fleet Hawke!

A Petition of Edward Muxloe Gentleman, Lord of Broughton the Manor of Broughton Sulney, in the County of Not- s"lney

tingham, and a Proprietor of a considerable Part of the Inclol"rp* Lands and Grounds in the open and common Fields of Broughton Sulney aforesaid, John Dawson, Clerk, Rector of the Rectory and Church of Broughton Sulney, George Henton, Thomas Brett, John Brett, William Brett, John Cross, John Hemjley, and others, Proprietors of Lands and Grounds there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the several Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of much, if any, Improvement:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Hewett and Sir Thomas Palmer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Parkins Baronet, Thomas CoftocK Woodroffe the younger, William Wilde, and John Wood- Indofun rojfe, and of the other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands,

Grounds, and Commons, within the Lordship of Costock,

8 U other-

71$

23° — #4°

A-1760.

Supply Bill j Malt Duties^ &c.

otherwise Cortlingfiock, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House and read; setting forth> That there are, within the said Lord/hip or Liberty, several open and common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, f are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur-

fiiant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. He welt, M r. Plumptre, and Si r George Savile, do prepare, and bring, in the fame.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Malt; and for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duties 5

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances in the gauging of Corn or Grain making into Malt.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

j\nd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovh> 240 die Januarii;

Anno 330 Georgii IP* Regis, 1760, Prayers.

State of the a PETITION of the several Land Owners and

Diitiilery. Holders of the Neighbourhood of Lewes, in the County of Suffer whoseNamesare thereunto subscribed on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Landed Interest, was'presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Landed Interest think it a Hardship to have . a Stop put to the Use of Grain and Malt in Distillation, when at the same time that of the Produce of our Plantations is permitted: And therefore praying, That the Produce of this Kingdom may, in respect to the Distil-latipu, be put upon an equal Footing with that of any othkr Country; not doubting but that the Wisdom of

the House will regulate the Whole in fuel) manner, as to prevent the bad Consequences of Excess in any Parts thereof.

A Petition of several Yeomen, Farmers, and Occupiers of Land, in the County of Kent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Yeomen, Farmers, and Occupiers of Land, throughout the Kingdom, was also presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the permitting the Manufacture of Spirits, under certain Limitations, is, as the Petitioners humbly conceive, productive of great Advantages to the Trade and Commerce, as well as to the Landed Interest, of this Kingdom 5 and that the Petitioners apprehend the moil beneficial of such Limitations to be, the confining the Distillers to the using of malted.Corn: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into Confederation, and to enforce the distilling Spirits from Malt only for the future, or that the distilling Spirits from Malt may be otherwise provided for as the House shall think fit.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration the State of the Distillery.

The House being informed, That the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within thesaidCity, and Liberties thereof, are too narrow and incommodious for the passing and repairing as well of Foot Passengers as of Coaches, Carts, and other Carriages, to the*Prejudice and Inconvenience of the Ownersand Inhabitants of Houses in and near the fame, and to the great Hindrance of Bufiriefs, Trade, and Commerce;' and alleging, that the said Defers might be remedied, and several hew Streets and Ways be made within the said City and Liberties, to the great Ease, Safety, and Convenience, of Passengers, and Advantage of the Public in general, if the Petitioners were enabled to widen and enlarge the said narrow Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and to open and lay out such new Streets and Ways, and, for those Purposes, to purchase the several Houses, Buildings, and Grounds, which may be necessary to that End; and further alleging, that there are several Houses, within the said City and Liberties, which are in Part erected over the Grounds of other Proprietors, or whereof the several Floors, Rooms, or Parts, are the Property of different Persons, whereby Difficulties and Disputes frequently arise amongst the said several Owners^or Proprietors, touching the pulling down and rebuilding the said Premises, or the Party Walls thereof; and such Rebuilding is often prevented or delayed, t<* the great Injury and Inconvenience of such of the said Owners as are desirous to rebuild; and that it would be of public Benefit; and frequently prevent the spreadigg of the fatal Effects of Fire, if some Provision was made by Law, as well for settling and determining such Disputes in a summary Way, as for explaining and amending the Laws now in being, relating to the building of Party Walls: And therefore praying, That Leavemay be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to widen and enlarge the several Streets, Lanes, and Paffuges, and . to openfthe several new Streets and Ways to be therein limited and described, and for determining in a summary Way all Disputes arising about the rebuilding of Houses or Tenements within the said City and Liberties, wherein several Persons have an intermixed Property; and for explaining and amending the Laws in being, touching the rebuilding of Party Walls within the same City and Liberties; or that the House will grant such other; Remedy in the Premiles as fttall seem necessary or expedient.

Ordered,

State of the Dilliiierjf.

Widening

London

Street:.

3$ Geo. II.

24° Januarii.

NT- Ordered,-‘That the faiid'Petition be referred to the Cgrnfuiemtion of a Committee: And that they do ex--dmineythe Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear-to them, to the Mouse:

And it is referred to Sir John Barnard, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Richard Gljnne, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Mr. Hamilton, Mr, Lifter, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Willes, Mr. Fdlowes, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. 6V0. Onjloiy, Mr. Pelham, Mr* Gore, Mr. PUmpire, Mr. f Charlton, Mr. Raw?, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Morton, Lord North, Mr. Sandys, SW John Philipps, Mr. Hawaii, Sir James Colebrooke, Mr. Probyn, Lord Middleton, Mr. Ryder, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Plummer, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Barrow, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. T!io rot on. Sir 6V0. Montgomery Metham, Mr. Smith, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Bertie, Sir Jc/m Crosse, Mr. Wilkinjbn, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Gajhry, Mr.

Qlmius; and all the Members who serve for the City of London; and the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent,

' Fffex, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; a,nd have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Nova Scotia. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Charges of supporting and maintaining . the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, ibr the Year 1760.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Tamworth, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergymen, and Freeze. Road. holders, of the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, Derby, and Lciccjier, and of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Tamxvorth, and of the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them selves, and others, was presented to the House, and read;, ferting forth, That the high Roads from the Borough of Tamworth to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Lei-: ccjter, and from Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid to Szualey Ferry, in the said County, are so very deep and founde-reus, and feme Parts thereof so narrow, that Carriages and Pallengers cannot travel thereon without great Danger, and the same cannot, by the ordinary Cours^ of Law, be effectually amended and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping the said Roads in Repair, or that such other Relief may be given therein as to the House iball seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Burdett, Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Carysfort, Mr. More, Mr. Geo. Onjlozv, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Wfiles, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hewelt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Plump ire, Mr.

' I) are nay, Mr. Morton, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. CookeJMw Bacon, Sir James Colebrooke, Mr. Smith, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Foley, Lord North, Mr. Ryder, Lord Vi [tiers, Mr. Lowndes, Sir James Creed, Mr. Lyfier. Sir Thomas Hates, Mr. Ohnius, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Westx Mr. Wilkinjbn, Mr. Wigley, Sir Geo. Savile, ’Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor; and all the Members who serve for *': ' the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Leicester, and Derby:

’ And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Oakhampton . A Petition of the Mayor, principal Burgesses, and Roads. Assistants, of the Town and Borough of Oakhampton, in

the County of Devon, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Vox. 28.

principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the said Totvti

and Parirti of Oakhampton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads leading from Crockerfon Well, in the Parish tfCheritori Bishopi through the Parishes of Cheriton Bijkop, Drew-ft e ing ton, Hittejley, South Taw ton, Sampford, Courtney;

Betjiohc, and Oakhampton, through the Town of Oak* hampton, and from thence throughthe Parishes of Oakhampton aforesaid, Sour ton, and Bridcjlowe, to Coombe Bow Bridge, in the Parish of Bridcjlowe aforesaid, and from a Place called Haley's House, in the Road aforesaid, in the said Parish of Sourton, through the said Parishes of Soiirton, Bridcjlowe, and Lydford, to the Cross Way near the Village, of Down Town, in the said Parish of Lydford, and from the Town of Oakhampton aforesaid, in the Road aforesaid, through the Parishes of Oak* hampton, Sampford, Courtney, North Tawton, Bozo, otherwise Nimmett Tracey, to a House now the While Hart, in £hesaidParish 0 i'Bow, otherw i feNimmeUTracey^ and from the Town of Oakhampton aforesaid, in the Road aforesaid, through the Parishes of Oakhampton and Jacobfiowe, over Bear Bridge, to Longdown Gate, iti the Parish of Jacobfiowe aforesaid, and from the Town of Oakhampton aforesaid, in the Road aforesaid, through the said Parish of Oakhampton, to Chicacott Wood Gate, in the said Parish of Oakhampton, and from the Town of . Oakhampton aforesaid, in the Road aforesaid, through the Parishes of Oakhampton and Jnwardleigh, to a House called Foltey in Imcardleigh aforesaid, and from the Town of Oakhampton aforesaid, in the Road aforesaid, by CaJtlemiUs, throughthe Parishes of Oakhampton and Sourton aforesaid, to Stoning Steps Gate, in the said Farifli of Sourton, are become so ruinous, that the same cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law, be fuffieiently widened, enlarged, and amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in such a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cousideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. West, Mr. Plummer., Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Sandys, Lord Middleton, Mr. Bacon, Sic James Creed, Mr. Martin, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller,

Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Plumptre, Mr Wilkinjbn, Mr,

Kynaston, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

Hewett, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Carysfort*

Mr. Philipps, Sir John Crosse,' Mr. Probyn, Sir John Hind Colton, Mr. Alderman Dickinson? Sir Geo. Savile, Mr.

More, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Willes, Mr, LotvndeSy^Av. Colebrooke, Mr. Olrtiiusi and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall;

Somerset and Dorset: And they are to meet tins Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- cords.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Quantity of Spirits distilled from Me- Spirits,

lalfes, from the 25th of March 1736, to the 25th of March 1743, with the Amount of the Duties; distinguishing each Year.

A Petition' of fevepal of the Justices of the Peace; Gentlemen, Clergy; Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, Road# living in and neaH the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone at the upper End of a Street called Stone Street, in the Tow’ll of Maidftotie, in the County of Kent, through the Parish and Village or Street of Loafe, to a Place called Style Bridge, and from thence through the Town or Village of Staplehurst; and from thence to the Town of Cranebrook; and from;thence *to a Place called Tub's Lake, in the Parish of Cranebrook aforesaid, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the much greater Part of the said Road is become'yery ruinous, and in the Winter Season almost impassable; and othet Parts thereof, by

reason

7^0 24° Janudrii. 1760.

reason of their Narrowness, are very incommodious and dangerous, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair,;by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. West, Mr Rose Fuller, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Pole, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hewett, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Plumptre, Sir G<*0. Savile, Mr. Barrow, Sir Jo/w Crqffe, Mr. 7%o-rofort, Sir Lynch Salt (bury Cotton, Mr. Fuller, Lord Ca-rysfort, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Grove, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Wig ley, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, and; and for the

Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Northfleet, A Petition of the Justices of the Peace of the County

&«. Roads, of Kent, being Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, of the nth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term " and Powers granted in and by an Act, made in the " 10th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for enlar- ging, amending, and maintaining, the Road between ' " Northfleet, Gravesend, and Rochester, in the County of U Kent; and also another Act, made in the 1 xth Year " of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlar-f* ging the Term granted by the said former A ft, and " for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for ex-w plaining and amending the said Acts; and also for " repairing the Highway from Northfleet aforesaid to " Hartford, in the said County;" was presented to the Hpufe, and read; alleging. That in the last mentioned Act, Provision was made for repairing the Road from Northfleet to Gravesend; and that, pursuant to the said Acts, the Petitioners have proceeded to repair the several Roads thereby directed to be repaired; in order to which, they have been obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, Part of which Debt still remains undischarged; and further alleging, that the Road leading from Northfleet to Gravesend aforesaid, described in the said Act of the 1 ith Year of his present Majesty, leads by a Chalk Cliff, the Verge whereof, by Length of Time, is approached so near to the Road, as to reuder it extremely dangerous, and must in a short time totally destroy the present Road, so that there is a Necessity of altering the Course of the present Road, in order to carry it at a greater Distance from the (aidCliff, which the Petitioners the Trustees are not empowered to do by the said former Acts, nor can they complete the necessary Repairs and Alterations of the said Roads, and <pay off the Money due on the Credit of the said Tolls, during the subsisting Term of the said Act of his present Majesty; and representing, that if the said former Acts were repealed, and all the several necessary Provisions contained therein reduced into One Act of Parliament, together with such additional Clauses and Powers as may seem proper to the House, it would be the Means of preventing much Confusion, which daily arises in the Execution of the Trust, from the Multiplicity of the Laws: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a, Bill to repeal the said former Acts, and for repairing the Roads, thereby directed to be repaired, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Methods, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

20

And it is referred to Mr. Fairfax, Mr; Olmius, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fcllmves, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Smith, Lord Vemey, Mr.

Morton, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Ryder, Sir Lynch Sa-lifbury Cotton, Mr. Sandys, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr More,

Sir James Creed, Mr. Bayntuni Admiral Griffin, Mr.

Philipps, Si r John Philipps, Mr. Pole, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr,

Barrow, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Probyn, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Plummer, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Willes, Mr.

Hewett’, Mr. Bridgeman; and ah the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, E/Jex, and Middlesex; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees, appointed to put in Market Execution a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Harborough, 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, &Ct An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through Desborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, and lhrapfton, in the County of Northampton, and through By thorn, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon; as also One other Act of Parliament, made in the 27th Year of his said present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said former Act; and of several Creditors, who have advanced considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Sum of £. 9,900 hath been lent on the Credit of the Tolls arising from the said Road, which has been expended in the Repairs thereof, notwithstanding which, the same is still, on account of the Badness and Scarcity of Materials, in many Places in a ruinous Condition f and that there is now a large Arrearof Interest due to the several Creditors, who cannot be paid, nor can the said Road be fufticientiy repaired, according to the Intention of the said Acts without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more effectual repairing the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Carysfort, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Wilkinson,

Mr. Plummer, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Townshend, Mr Lloyd, Mr. Morton, Mr. Veitch,

Mr. Probyn, Mr. Wigley, Mr* Barrow, Mr. Grove, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Fuller, Sir Geo. Savile

Mr. Bridgeman, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Philipps, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bull, Lord Middleton, Mr. Wilkes,

Mr. Crafler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Leicester, Northampton, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

APetition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough CoomfcBof of Dunheved, otherwiseLaunceflon, in the County of Corn- BridgeRoait wall; and also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholds ers, and Occupiers of Lands, refid ing near, and travelling on, the Roads therein after mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads leading from Coomb. Bow Bridge, in the Parish of Thrujhelton, through the several Parishes

3 3 Geo. II. 2-4° Januarii. 72 r

of Thrujhetton aforesaid, Left, Tr'&ifck&td, M'aryftotO, Siouford, and Liflmi, in the County of Devon, Law-hitton. Saint Many MagdalentheToWh and Borough of Launceston aforesaid. South'Petherwin, Saint Thomas the Apostle, Trewen, LaneafU Trenegles, and Davidstow, to Huleivofthy, in the said Parish of Davidft&tv, in the County of Cornwall, and from acertain Place calledPemiigil-iuih Pobl,\h the1 Road aforesaid; in the Parish of Alary Magdalen aforesaid, through thefeVeral Parities of Saint Mary Magda left and Petherzvin aforesaid, to

a-'certahi Place cabled Treke lie aril Bridge, in the said* Parish of South Pelherzoiti, and County of Cornwall, and from the Borough df Launce/lon aforesaid, in the Road aforesaid, through the several Parishes of Saint Mary Magdalen and Lawhitton aftfresaid, and Lezant, to Grefton Bridge, in the said Parish of Lezant, and from a certain Place called Ldburnick Cross, in the said Road and Parish of Lazvhiiton', through the said Parish of Law-baton', to a certain Place called Jonas's Shop, in the said Parish of Lezant, and County of Cornwall, and from a certain Place called Pages Cross, in the Road aforesaid, ifi the said Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, to a certain Place called Hurdon Water, in Saint Mary Magdalen aforesaid> are become so ruinous, that the same cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law, besufficiently widened, enlarged, and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in such a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid; as the House shall think iheiet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Gonfideratiort of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burrell, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Wilkhijbn; Mr. Bacon, Mr. Willed, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Buller, Mr.

Olmius, Mr. Sandys, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Philipps, Mr. More, Lord Carysfort9 Mr. Bull, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fellowes; Mr. Geo. Onftozo, Mr. Morion, Mr. Charlton' Mr. Smith, Mr. Wig ley, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Grove, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Hind. Cotton, Mr. Pro-byn. Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Barrouf, Sit Thomas Hales, Mr. Fonereau, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Lowndes, Mr Pole, Mr. Clive, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Plumptre; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Inha-idge. bitants, of the Borough and Parish of Leeds, in the Coun-

ty of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bridge over the River Air, within the Township of Leeds, commonly called Leeds Bridge, is a County or Riding Bridge, and Hands in the public Road leading from London to Edinburgh; and that the said Bridge is fallen into Decay, and requires a speedy Repair, and that by the Narrowness of the Road over, and the Buildings and other Encroachments erected upon, and at both Ends and Abutments of the said Bridge, the Passage over the fameis greatly obstructed, and is become dangerous; and alleging, that the Court of Quarter Session held at PontefraQ.', for the West Riding of the County of York, has granted 1450/. for the repairing and widening the said Bridge, but that the same will not be sufficient effectually to repair and Widen the said Bridge; and that as it will be necessary to purchase and take down some Houses and Buildings Handing upon, adjoining, or near to, the said Bridge, it is propoied,that a Sum of Mooey, sufficient for that Purpose, shall be raised by a Taxation of, and Assessment upon, the Estates within the Borough of Leeds aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave tnay be given to bring in a Bill to empower certain Trustees, therein to be named, to raise such Sums of Money as, together with the said Sum of 1450/. granted by the Quarter Sessionr shall be sufficient to defray the Sciences of repairing, widening, and completing* the

Vol. 28.

said Bridge; and purchasing and obtaining Conveyances of the Houses and Buildings necessary to be bought for that Purpose, by such Ways and Means, and in such Mariner, as to the House shall seem proper, just, and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Geo. Savile*

Mr. Fuller, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Sandys, Mr. CharU ton, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr.

Alderman Beckford, Mr. West, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Wig-ley, Mr. Fonereau, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Hewett Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. More, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Pole, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Plummer, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Philipps,

Mr. Feiloioes, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Smith, Mr. Vyner\ and* all the Members who serve for the Counties of York,

Durham, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lane after \ and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Earl of Barrow Huntingdon, the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars of Inclosure* Saint John's College, within the University of Cambridge, the Reverend William Burrow, Clerk, Sir Thomas Par-kyns. Baronet, Sir John Danvers, Baronet, Joseph Boyer, Gentleman, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lauds, Grounds, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Barrow upon Soar, in the County of Ijcicester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That within the said Lordship or Liberty, there are several open and common Fields, Meadows, and Commons*; and alleging, that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying the House, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Palmer, the Lord Carysfort, and Mr. Fellowes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of James Hamlyn, Esquire, heretofore called Hammett’s James Hammett, was presented to the House, and read; Name, setting forth. That the Petitioner’s late Uncle, Zachary Hamlyn of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesex,

Esquire, deceased, did, by Lease and Release, bearing Date-on or about the 2d and 3d Days of June 1746, settle, limit, and assure, the Manors, Lands, Tenements, Advowson, Rectories, Tythes, and Hereditaments, therein particularly described, upon the Petitioner for Life, with Remainder to the Petitioner’s First and other Sons inTail Male, with other Remainders over; and that in the said Settlement is contained a Proviso, that 1 he Petitioner and his Sons, and their Issue Male, as he or* they respectively shall come into the Pofiession of the Premisses, or any Part thereof, by virtue of the said Settlement, or the Limitations therein, shall take the Surname of Hamlyn only, and write and style him and* themselves by that and no other Surname; and alleging, that the said Zachary Hamlyn, by his last Will, bearing Date the 17th Day of May 1758, did ratify andi confirm the said Settlement, and then gave, devised, and bequeathed, other Manors, Lands, Rents, Hereditaments, and Premisses, to the like Uses, Trusts

Intents, and Purposes; and subject to the like Powers,

Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as mentioned and directed in and by the Settlement aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to brin£

8 X in

Clifton

Inclosure.

Barford Inclosure.

Settlements

gained by Land Tax.

7 -2 2

in a Bill, to Confirm the Name bf *Hamlyn on the Petitioner, and his Issue, in such Manner as to the House shall Teem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Paid Petition: And that Mr. Lvfter and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Sutton, jXquire, commonly called Lord Robert Sutton', William Cartwright, Esquire, the Reverend John Robinson, Vicar of the Parish of Clifton, in the County of Nottingham; and of several other Persons, interested in the common Field, and common and waste Grounds, in the said Parish; was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Lands of several Proprietors in the said Fields and Grounds lie intermixed and difperled, and are not at present capable of any considerable Improvement; and alleging, that it would tend to the Advantage of all the Parties concerned, if the said Fields, and the common and \yafte Grounds, were divided and inclosed,in Proportion to each Person’s Interest therein, and a Compensation made for Tythes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations, and with such Powers, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition i And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. P lu nipt re, and Mr. Jiewett, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. '

A Petition of the Right honourable John Pei/to, Lord Willoughby de Broke, and the Reverend John Mills, Clerk; and also all and every the Owners or Proprietors of certain common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Parish of Barford, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are several common Fields, and common Pastures, containing Forty-nine Yardlands and a Half, or thereabouts, and some common Meadow Grounds, and other commonable Lands, within the said Parish, Parcel of the Manor there; and alleging, that the Land of each Proprietor lies intermixed and dispersed in final I Parcels, and are most of them inconveniently situated, and arc, in their present Situation, in a great Measure rendered incapable of Improvement; in Consideration whereof the said several Parties, interested in the said common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, have agreed to divide and inclose the same; and that a due Allotment shall be made to the said ReClor, as Impropriator, in Satisfaction for the Tythes belonging to him, as also to the said JohnFeyto, Lord Willoughby de Broke, for his InterelLin the Waste, as Lord of the said Mauor: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for making the said Agreement effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. (Wove and Mr. CVduewdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

17Co.

Middleton, M »\ 'Bowes, Mr*. Wilkinson, Sir. Thoroton,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Pole, Mr. Lowndes: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, That a Person from the Accounttf Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; Ma*, Ac*

' He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities and Produce of Brandy,

Rum, and other Spirits, seized and condemned in Lcit-don, from the 25th Day of December 1746, \o Michaelmas i7.;9; distinguishing each Year; also the Kinds of Spirits.

And then be withdrew.

And 1 he Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, 10 be perused by the Members of the House.

'File laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply BU; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Malt Dutw, granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Malt; and Cl for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duties; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee Irad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsdeliveredthe Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounuf Account of the net Produce of the Duties upon Malt, Malt Do* from Midsummer 1757, to Mid Jammer 1759; difiin-guishing the Amount of the said Duties in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Quantity of Plantation Rum re- Rum. exported, from Christmas 1752, to Christmas 1759; distinguishing the Amount in each Year; and from thence to Midsummer 1759.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Account of the Quantity of foreign Brandies and Ge- Br*ndbk neva re-exported, from Ciirijlmas 1752, to Christmas 1759; distinguishing each Year; and from thence to Midsummer 1759.

The other Order of the Day being rea i;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Foundl^ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed'and deserted young Children.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

240 — 25-0 Januarii.

A Bill to.prevent Occupiers of Tenements, under certain yearly Rents, from gaining Settlements.in any Parish, Town, Hamlet, or Place, by Reason of their being rated to the Land Tax, and paying such Rates for their Landlords, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Croft, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fellowes, SirMatthewLambe, fylr. Jiewett, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Sir’ Francis Poole, Mr. Morton, Sir Thomas'Hales, Mr. Plumptve, Lord Cary fort, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Craven, Mw Rose Fuller, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. More, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Wittes, Mr. Sandys, Mr, Wigley, Mr. Bull, Mr. Lezvis, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bayntuii, Mr. Geo. Qnjluw, Mr. Smith, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bankes, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Hu fey. Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Symons, Lord North, Mr. Barrow, Lord

Veneris, 2 g die

Anno 330 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1,760.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Tomkyns, Account of from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended Brandy^ at the Door;

He was called In; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities and Produce of Brandy,

Rum, and other Spirits, ferzed and condemned by the Officers of the Customs, in England, from the 25th December 1 746, to Michaelmas 1 7,^9; distinguishing each Year, also the Kinds of Spirits.

And then he withdrew.

And

Bristol

Bridge.

Chesterfield, &c. Road.

1

Ditto.

3 3 Geo. II. 25 'Januarii.723

And the Title of the said Account was read. . great Utility to the Public, if a Branch out of that Road,

Ordered.That the said Account clolie upon the Table, which is last described in the said Petition, was made to be perused by the Members of the House. from the high Moors to Rozveflcy Bridge, which said

The said Account is preferred among!! the other Road is become deep and founderous, and forne Parts Papers of this Session. thereof.foftraight, as not to admit of Wheel Carriages,

by means yvhereof the said Road is very incommodious,

A Petition of the Citizens of Bristol, vHiofeNames are and in many Places almost impaflUble, and cannot be thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary read; setting forth that the only Bridge over the River Provisions of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave Avon, in the said City, is narrow* inconvenient, and may be.given to include and annex to the aforesaid Bill, dangerous, to Persons and Carriages patting the fame, for the Road from Chef ter field to Matlock Bridge, a and the Avenues thereto very incommodious; andalleg- Branch out of the fame, for repairing, amending, and ing, that the Petitioners apprehend it necessary not only widening, or altering, so much of the Road as leads from to rebuild and enlarge the said Bridge, but likewise to the high Moors to Rozcejley Bridge, in such Manner as build another Bridge over the said River, and to open to the House shall feern meet.

proper Aventes to both: And therefore praying. That Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-said old Bridge, with a temporar}' Bridge adjoining, and mine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they building a new One over the said River, and for opening shall appear to them, to the House: proper Avenues to the said Bridges, and for raising And they are referred to Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr.

Money to effect the fame, by such Ways and Means, Nor they, Sir Nathaniel Curzon, Mr. Banhes, Mr. Wilkes,

and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet. Mr. Bolton, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Bacon, General Corn-;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the wallis, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Warren, Mr. llufihj, Mr. Willes, Mr. Bond, Sir Thomas inine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Palmer, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ilcivett, Mr, shall appear to them, to the House: George Onslow, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Lvgh, Mr. Fane, Mr.

And it is referred to Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Nugent, Lvfter, Mr. Staunton, General Onjloiv, Mr. Alderman Sir John Philipps, Mr. Nor they, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Beckford, Sir-Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Fuller, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. John Gordon, Mr. Plummer, -Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Wil- . Bridgeman, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. T/ioroton, Sir John Phi-les, Mr. Hu fey, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Staunton, Sir Nathaniel lipps, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Alderman Dickinson,

Curzon, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Webb, Mr. Tozon/hend, Mr. Wilk inf on, Mr. Budgcn, Calthorpe, Mc. Bold, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Gulfton, Mr Smith, Mr. Waller, Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Toztmjhend; Mr. Cdrt- Mr. Bankes, Mr. Bull; and all the Members whoserve zvright, Mr. Hewelt, Mr. Wigleij, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, and Chester:

Lockyer, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir John Morgan, And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Mr. Fane, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Probyn, Sir Geo. Savile, Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to Mr. Northey, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Morton, Sir John* fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Gordon, Mr. Moore, Sir Francis Poole', Mr. Barrow,

Mr. With inf on, Mr. Henfy Fane, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. . A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Beaconsfield* Palmer, Mr. Lcgh; and all the Members who serve for Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his Ma- t&c- R°ad». the Counties of Gloucester, Somerset, Devon, Cornwall, jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Year of his late Majesty King George thp First, intituled,

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. An Act for repairing the Road from Beacons field, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Oxon, and of severalFreeholders, and other Inhabitants, Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the County of Derby, of the said County, was presented to the House, and residing near, and ullially travelling, the High Roads, read; alleging. That the said Roads are greatly mended therein-after mentioned, lying in the County of Derby and widened, whereby there is a Debt incurred of One aforesaid, whose Names are thereunder written, was pre- thousand bounds, which cannot be paid, and the Roads fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That so kept in Repair, unless the said Tolls and Powers are n*such of the high Road leading from the Turnpike Road, further continued; and that there is in the said Roads, called Her if lone I.ane Head Turnpike, near the West in the Town of Chipping Wy comb, a very narrow Pattage,

End of the Town of Chester field, in the County of Derby, upon a ihort turning to Oxford’ which is at all Times

to Matlock Bridge, in the said County, and so much of extremely inconvenient, and very dangerous, and cannot

a lide Branch from the said Road as leads out of the he remedied but by purchasing that Corner House:

fame, over Darley Bridge, to the Turnpike’ Road lead- And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to

ing from Nottingham to Nczvhaven, at a Place called bring in a Bill for enlarging of the said Term, and to

Cross Green, near the said Just-ment ioned Bridge, in the impower the Trustees to purchase the said House.

said County o (Derby, are severally become deep and Ordered, That the said Petition do lieupoii the Table.

founderous, and some Parts thereof are so straight, as

not to, admit of Wheel Carriages, by means whereof the A Petition of the several Landowners and Holders in State of tb«

said Roads are become very incommodious, and in many the Neighbourhood of Croydon and Kingston, and the Distillery.

Places almost impattable, and cannot be etteftually re- Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey, whose

paired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Provisions Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves,

of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be and the rest of the Landed Interest: And also,

given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and A Petition of the* several Landowners and Holders in Ditto.

widening, or altering, so much of the several Roads th£ Neighbourhood of Aldborough, in the County of

before mentioned, as are therein before describtd, in Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on

such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Landed Interest:

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, And also,

Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the County of Derby, A Petition of the several Landowners and Holders in Ditto,

residing near, and uftially travelling, the high Roads, the Neighbourhood 0iSouthwould, in the County of therein after mentioned, lying in the County of Derby Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on aforesaid,. whole Names are thereunder written, was also behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Landed Interest: presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the And also,

last preceding Petition, and alleging, that it would be of APetition of the several Landowners and Holders in Ditto.

Vol. 28. the

7'24 ^5 JanuatiA. 1760.

the Neighbourhood of IpfwicTi, in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Landed Interest: And also,

State of the A Petition of the several Landowners and Holders of Distillery, jn t^e Neighbourhood of the Town of Cambridge,

Newmarket, Linton, and Royfton, in the County of Cambridge, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Landed Interest;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House several Hardships and ill Consequences, which, the Petitioners allege, will arise, should the Prohibition of the Malt EhftilleTy be any longer continued: And therefore praying. That the Malt Distillery of this Kingdom may be again opened, under fuel) Regulations and Re* ftrittions as^to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration the State of the Distillery.

High >eek, A Petition of the Freeholders, Inhabitants, and Refi-Ac. Courts dants, within the Hundred of High Peek, and Manor of Baron’ Caflletdn, in the County of Derby, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That his Majesty, in Right of his Duchy oi Lancaster, is now seised and poffelfed of the said Hundred and Manor, and the Jurisdiction of the several Courts Barori belonging thereto, wherein, from Time immemorial. Plea hath been held every Three Weeks, or so often as was requisite in all per-forial A(6tions,arising within the said several Jurisdictions, where the Debt or Damages have been under Forty Shillings; and alleging, that notwithstanding Justice hath for many Years been administered in the said several Courts Baron, in the most strict and impartial Manner, yet the Method of compelling Debtors, and other Persons, to appear to Actions commenced in the said Courts Baron, is by Summons and Distress infinite, which is a very dilatory, and often ineffectual Method for that Purpose 5 and by Reason thereof, and also by re&fon of the Expence which attends the Prosecution of Causes to Judgment in the said Courts, and often after-Wards, when such Causes are removed up to some fupe-nor Court, honest Creditors are manyTimes discouraged from attempting to recover the Debts due to them, and thereby manyeviklifposed Persons, who have contracted Debts within the said Liberties, are encouraged (though able) to refuse or delay the Payment thereof, and do often set their Creditors at Defiance; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the said several Courts Baron, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilkijifon, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Bacon, Mr. CharltonMr. Felldwes, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Thoroton. Sir Nathaniel Curzon, Mr. Bankes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Northey, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Freeman, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilks, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Callhorpe, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Howe, Mr. More, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr.. Barrotv, Mr. Waller, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Willes, Mr. Gulfton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, York, Nottingham, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

FazdyBridgt A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Towri Boad«. of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, on the behalf of themselves, and others, having occasion to use the Road therein-after mentioned, was presented to the Houfo, and read; fatting forth, That the Road from the Hand *7

or Guide Poftin Duck Paddle Street, in Ilinkley aforesaid, to the End of Sketch ley Heath Lane, at or near the Three Pots House, where it joins the said Road from Hovfewifes Bridge, by High Cross, to Lutterworth Hand, is in many Parts thereof very ruinous, and in the Winter Season Carriages cannot pass the same without great Danger, and in some Places so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass by each other, and cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law, be effectually amended and kefpt in Repair: And therefore praying, That in case the House shall give Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the turning near the Harrow Ale House and Housewife's Bridge, towards Hinkley and Leicester, by High Cross, along the straight high Road to Latter-worth Hand, Provisions may be made therein for repairing the said Road, from the said Guide Post in Hinkley aforesaid, over Skefchley Hill, to the End of Sketchley Heath Lane, at or near the Three Pots House, where it joins the said Road from HbuferoifVs Bridge, by High Cross to Lutterworth Hand aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, arid in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Counties of Warxvick and Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Places and Roads thereafter mentioned, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of Jonathan Acklom, Esquire, the most Miffai considerable Freeholder, or Owner of Common Right, Lclolurc. Farms, or Tenements, in Mijfon, in the Counties of Lincoln Nottingham, or One of them, and also Owner of the Redory impropriate and great Tythes, arising within the Township and Parish of Mijfon aforesaid; the Reverend John EUa, Clerk, Vicar of the Vicarage of Mijfon aforesaid, and thereby entitled to all the final!

Tythes arising within the saidTownship and Parish, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being a considerable Majority in Value of the Freeholders or Owners of Common Right, Farms, or Tenements, in Mijfon, and the Parish of Miffon aforesaid, on behalf of themselves, and the Residue of the Commoners of Mijfon aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Wastes or Commons of Mijfon aforesaid contain nearTwo thousand Acres; and alleging, that the inclosing thereof will be an apparent Advantage to the Petitioners, and that the Petitioners intend lhortly to execute an Agreement in Writing for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, and the more effectually enforcing, establishing, and carrying into Execution, the said Articles of Agreement, according to the Tenor, true Intent, and Meaning thereof, and of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Most noble Francis duke of Bridge- Salford water, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, Caul. That in pitrfuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to enable the Petitioner to make a navigable Cut or Canal, from a certain Place in the Tovfn-f lti ip of Salford, to or near Worjley Mill and Middlewoodj in the Manor of Worjley, and to or near a Place called Hollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, the Petitioner hath begun the said intended Navigation, and made a considerable Part thereof between the said Middlewood and the said Township of Salford; and that the Petitioner, in order to drain his Coals and establifti a lading Colliery, for the Purpose of supplying the Consumption of the Towns of Manchester and Salford, at the Rates Mentioned in the said Act, hath begun a Sough or Level at Worjley Mill aforesaid; and is now carrying on the same in a very effictual Manner; and further alleging, that if the saidCanAi was to be carried over the River Irwilt, at or near Barton Bridge, and to terminate at or near a certain Pldci

in

33 Geo. II. 250 Janua 725

in the Town of Manchester, called the Dole Field, instead of the Field called in the said Act Mr. Cook's Tenter Croft, in the Township of Salford, it would be much more convenient for the Public, and the ExeciL-tion of it rendered less difficult and precarious, and that such Canal may be extended by a side Branch to or near a certain Place called Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the said County of Lancaster, which will be a Means of supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood of Stretford, and a considerable Part of the County of Chester, with Coals upon much better and cheaper Terms, than at present they are capable of procuring the fame; and that the Petitioner apprehends the Powers granted to him by the said Act are not sufficient to enable him to vary the Termination of the said intended Navigation in the Manner proposed, and to extend the fame, by such Branch as aforesaid, to the said Township of Stretford; and that it may be proper to have several other Parts of the said Act explained and amended, in order to render the same more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring ina Bill for the severalPurposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Harley, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Fuller, Sir Thomas Pal-mer, Mr Ryder, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bratid, S\r Francis Poole, Mr Plummer, General Cornwallis, Mr. Bacon, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Hezvett, ‘Mr. IVcji, Me. More, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Anson, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Moore, Mr. Webb, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Howard, Mr. Warren, Mr. Tozvnjhend,

; Mr. Churchill, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Dawnay, Mr. Smith,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Chauncey Townsend, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Watson, Mr. Bankcs, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Offley, Mr. Fanjhaxv, Lord Strange, Mr. Shelley, Admiral Townsend, Mr. Probyn, Admiral Saunders, Mr. Sehoyn, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, M r. Hill, Lord Digby, Mr. Recorder of London, Lord Middleton, Mr. Ellis, Lord Famham, Mr. Legh, Lord Villiers, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Leveson Gower; and all the Members whoservefor the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, York, and Stafford-, And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Answer to Mr. V jCe Chamberlain reported to the House, That Ad chefs for their Address of Yesterday, (that his Majesty would be Estimato. graciously pleased to give Directions that the Filimate, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House,) had been presented to his Majesty, and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Afpley Guise A Petition of the Lady of the Manor of Afpley Guise,

laclbfure. in the County of Bedford, and of the Rector of the Parish Church there; and also of several other Persons, in behalf of themselves, and others, Owners and Proprietors of, and interestedin, the common Fields, common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and other common and waste Lands, lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Afpley Guise aforesaid; was presented to,the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the several Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, Lammas and other Grounds, lie intermixed, and inconveniently situated; and alleging, that it would be a great Advantage to the several Persons interested therein*. if the feme were inclosed and divided into Severalty, according to each Person’s Right in the feme: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given tp bring ih a Bdlfpr the Pnr-

poses aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Alderman Dickinson and Mr. Jarrit Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of James Mallors, of the Parish of Saint Wefyni otter James, within the Liberty of Westminster, Builder, was £bber presented to the House, and read; reciting several Pro- Estate# visions in an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reigtt of his present Majesty, empowering the Pet itioner, at his own Cost and Charges, to open and build a new and public Street, from the West Side of King Street, in the Parish of St. Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the back Part of the Houses, Gardens, and Yards, situate on the West Side of Delahaye Street, in the same Parish; and also empowering the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, and their Successors, and all Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, seised in Fee of, and in, any Ground, Messuages. Tenements, and Hereditaments,with the Limits mentioned in the said Act, to grant Leases to the Petitioner, his Heirs and Assigns, of Ground, Messuages* Tenements, or Hereditaments, for that Purpose; and taking Notice, that the said Powers givento the Deanand Chapter of Westminster, and their Successors, were by an Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued and extended to any Time or Times, within the Spaceof Two Years, to-be reckoned and computed from the 25th Day of December 1755^ and by another Act, passed in the 3 ift Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued and extended, to any Time or Times within the Space of One Year, to be reckoned and computed from the Feast of Saint John the Baptist 1758; and alleging, that the Petitioner hath caused the said Street to be built, and hath expended a very large Sum of Money, as weir in purchasing Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, necessary for making such Exchange with the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, and making and opening the said Street, as in building the several Houses on each Side thereof, but was not able to procure proper Conveyances to him or his Trustees, of all the Ef-tates necessary for the said Purposes, so as to complete such Exchange with the said Dean and Chapter, and obtain from them such Lease or Leases as afore*mentioned, within the Times by the said Acts of Parliament limited for granting thereof (and which are now expired), notwithstanding all Matters relative thereto were settled between the said Dean and Chapter and the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner must be a very great-Sufferer in case the said Dean and Chapter are not empowered to grant him a Lease or Leases of the several Estates, within the Bounds and Limits described in the Taid Act: of Parliament, already veiled, and hereafter to be veiled, in them, pursuant to the said Act, for a longer Term than they are at present enabled to grant: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Deanand Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, and their Successors, to grant to the Petitioner such Pieces of Ground, Meffu&ges, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Bounds and Limitsdescribedin the said Act: of Parliamentfirft above mentioned, as now are, or in Consequence of the said Act shall be, veiled in them, on a Lease or Leases, Tor a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Cornwallis, SkJohnCrqflc,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Wilkes, Mr. Staunton Mr. Willes, Mr- More, Mr. Gqfh-ry, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Fane, Sir Geo. Savile, - ,

Mr. Bolton, Lord Middleton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Bacon, Sir Geo. Orftow, Mr. Alderman 8 Y Beckford,

716 2§° Janmni. 1760.

Beckford, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Wilkinjbn, Mr. Toxijhend, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Legh, Mr. Nor they. Sir John Gordon, Mr. Plummer, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Hume, Lord Can/fort, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Webb, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Gulj!on, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Pye, MnMontagu, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Holt, Mr. Finch, Mr. Powell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And they are to meet' this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wye Riyeiv A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Godalming, and other adjacent Parishes, in the County of Surrey; and also of several ParHhes in the County of Southampton: And also,'

Ditto. A Petition of the nloft considerable Land-owners and Traders, Inhabitants of the Towns of Petworth, North-chappie, Kirdford, Lurgufalc, Fernhurjt, Lodfivorth, Eafebome, Cocking, Tilling ton, Woolbedding, Sledham, SulUiam, Trot ton, Rogate, lVoollavi?igton, Graf ham. Burton, Dun&on, Barlavington, Sutton, Bignor, Bury,

' Coldwaltham, Coats, Fittlezoorth, Egdean, Hardham, and

Stopham, in the County of Sussex, and of several others; Gehtiemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said County;

; Were severally presented to the House, and read;

1 setting forth, That in pursuance of a pretended A6i, made^the 26th Day of June, in the Year 1651)for r . making navigable the RiverWye, alias Wey, in the County of Surrey; and of au A6fc of Parliament,

passed in the 22d and 23d Years of King Charles the Second, far preserving and settling the Navigation of the River Wey, in the County of Surrey, the \ said River has been made, and continued, navigable only from Guildford, in the said County of Surrey,

;i to the River Thames$ and*alleging, that if the said

:i (Navigation was extended from the Place at, or near -; pty the Town of Guildford, to which the same is at

uK^fefent navigable, to the Town of Godalming, in the said County of Surrey, it would be very ad-: 1 ‘varitageous to the Petitioners, and the rest of the (Inhabitants of.great Tract of the interior Parts of; Suffix, and to the Public in general: And there-i. t.fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Navigation of the said River, to tkesaid Town oJ Godalming, under such Regulations as to the House shall feern meet. Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear tOitlwm, to the Hottfe:

: /Ahdithey are4 referred to Lord IMiddleton, Mr. Sandys, Gfetieval MnC?co.Onslow,> Mr. Yorke, Mr: Butler,

General Cornwallis, Mr. Ryder, Lord Milton, Mr Mon-tegiqiLord Strange, Mr. Martin, Admiral Saunders, Mr. Tltbmas Tomnfkend, Colonel Townftiend) Mr. Thomas Bxmn/hendftvifxor, Colonol/f Mr. Powell, Sir Geo. StivilQ, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Kynaston, Sir '‘Lynch Salisbury <Cotton, M r. Aiifon, Sir Francis Poole, Mb. Plummer1,$\v John Elwill, Mr. More, Sir Charles d&ewjs Tynte, . M r. Hexvett, Sir John Turner, Mr Mabbot, Cvjt, M r.Aldworth, Sir John Peachy, Mr. Ha* viilton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fairfax, Sir John Croffi, MrjMoore, Ltovd Carpenter, Mr. Burrell, Lord Thonxokd, Nit. Finch, Mr. Webb, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gaftiry, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Legh, Mv.Bull, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Hill, Mr; Chetwyncii Mr. Norton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Alexander; and all the Members who serve for the Counties Of Surra/, Suffix, Southampton;. Middlesex, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the SpeakerVChambef; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. *

Kiddermin- < A Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of the Borough flerRoad*. «of Kidderminster, \t\ the County of Worcester ;’.and also ^of the principal Freeholders and iuhabitaut* of the Panfix 2.4

of Kidderminster, in the same County; was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Kbadslead-ingfrom the Market House in the Town of Kidderminster, through the Villages of Stone, Chaddejly, Corbet, to Bromsgrove, in the said County, and from the said Market House, to a Place calledvGlake Down, and from the said Market House Place, by Broadwaters, to Iverly Hitt, and also from the said Market House, over Kidderminster Heath, to a Place called the Seven Stars, in the Road from Kidderminster towards Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and also from the said Market House to a Place called Goodntfs, in the high Road from Kid-dermmfter aforesaid to the City of Worcester, and also from the said Market House, through the Village off Franch, bt\d Skatterford, to Quatford, being the high Road from Kidderminster aforesaid to Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and from* the said Market House to Bewdley Bridge, in the said County of Worcester, are in divers Places so ruinous and deep in the Winter Season, that Carriages and Passengers on Horseback cannot pass without great Danger, and that the said Roads are in many Parts very narrow, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the Laws in being;

And therefore praying, Th^t Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual amending, widening, and keeping in Repair; the said^oads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the’ said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof --and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Foley, Mr* Sandys, Mr. Wilkes, Sir Geo. Savile, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Kynaft ton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Thor0ton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr*.

Lyfler, M r.Mo re, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Lozvndcs,

Lord Cary fort, Mr. Fellozoei, Sir John Croffi% Mr. Bacon,

Mr Gartzoright, Mr. He wett, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Butler,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Powell, Mr.

Geo. Onslow, Mr. Smith,- Mr. Lyjter, Mr. Price, Mr. Wilkmfon; Mr. McnHn, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Fraiicis Poole, Mr. Heibert, Lord Roy ft on, Mr. Pytts, General Tozvnfkend, Mr. Harley, Admiral Town fend,

M r. Butler, G eneral Cornwallis, M r. Morton, M r. Vyner,

Mr .-Alexander, M r.r G irfti ry, Mr. Stem nton, Mr. Leghx Mr. JFdmiv/nnd all tire Members' who serve for tire Counties of Worcester, Stafford, >Wankick, Hertford, and Salop $«and for the Principality }Wales: And they are to meet this' Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Ohknrher; and have;P<JWer tb feud for Persons, Papers, arid Record^. A ‘ 1 j J

The House being informed, That the Sheriffs of thfe City of London attended at the ©oof i;. i

They were called in 5 and, at the Bar, presented to theiHouife,' - -t. ‘

A Petition of thet Lord Mayor, Alde^meir, and Com- London paous,.of the City of London, in Corbnion Courieir af- Bridge. femblecL* > i =*; b '-uv.

AndrtheirtHey witbdr^wl' ’ ‘ r 1;

And theisaid Petition i»^as reftd; setting forth, T’hat the Petitioners were, by$q< Act of Parliament, passed in the 2^th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to improve,1 widensaridf enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge; empcmrered tb make such Purchases, and required to take dov^n 'fyc^i Houses and Buildings, as they should jtidg£ necessary for the Enlargement and Improvement of the Passageov^, and the Avenues leading tb rind from, the said^Bndge, and also to widen or enlarge One or more of the Arches thereof; and that certain Tolls or Sums of Money were thereby granted &hd veiled in ^he Mayor and Commioaky, and Cftizetis, of the City of London, for that Service; and Chatby Another11 Abf, bailed in thb 3 i!ft Year ofttbe Reigiv bf his said Majesty, for appl^ng a Sum of Money, gratited,1 for ^ebudrling London

o Bridgep and /(dr^ s i*ondei4?tigi said

,fotnrier|A^ts, the Sdm Of jf.!5;obb4 Wa^‘^ranted,rfeii tp-btfldkirg the said Bridge] fend 'the' said Tojls or "Slims

Earl of Dy fart’s, 5 Mutes at Charing Cross.

33 Geo. II. 'gnuarii. 727

of Money were to continue, and be in Force, ’till the 24th Day of June 1758, and no longer; and that in the last Session of Parliament, a further Sum of £. 15,000 was granted towards the improving, widening, and enlarging, the Passage over and through the said Bridge; and alleging, that in pursuance of the Powers given to the Petitioners by the said Acts, a considerable Progress bath been made in the Works thereby directed; that Two of the Arches have been taken down, and One large Arch built in the Room thereof, several of the Pieis are lengthened, the Cornice and Balluftrade upon a great Part of the Works are completed and a very large Quantity of Stone is prepared for carrying on the said Works, whereby a!mod all the Money, already granted, has been expended; and that the Petitioners are unable to proceed in this great and necessary Work, without the further Aid and Aliiliance of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such further Sums of Money, as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

The House was moved, That the Title of the Paper, intituled, " The State of London Bridge Account, from <c 5 December 1758, to the 28th November 1759/’ might, be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to v\ horn it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of Lionel Earl of Dyfhrt, and Francis Watkins, being offered to be prefen ted to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners were Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of several Buildings, Houses, Grounds, and Estates, situate on the West Side of the Street leading from Charing Crofs\ towards his Majesty's Palace of Whitehall, which the Co mmiflio tiers for building Westminster Bridge have, by virtue of an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, taken possession of, without making or tendering any Satisfaction to the Petitioners for their respective Interests in the said Premises: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition.

And it is referred to Mr. Tozvnfhend, General Cornwallis, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Nor then, Sir William Pcere Williams, Mr. Alderman Dick inf on, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Si aunt on, Mr. Lyster, Mr. More, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Fairfax. Lord Roy-Jion, Mr. Hewett, S'wGeo. Savile, Mr. Ryder, Mr. O/-mius, Mr. Plump Ire, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. B idler, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Moore, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Hume, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Plummer, DoCtor Hay, Mr. Martin, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gafliry, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Alexander, Mr. West; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Sussex, and Kent: And they are to meet this After-. noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Retards: And all who come are to have Voices.

Vol. a8.

' AiPetifcion of Charles Reynolds, DoCior in Divinity, Coddingtou Chancellor of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, and Pre* incl°iui€’ bendary'of the Prebend of Stoke, in thr same Church; and of the honourable Thomas Howard, his L flee; and also of Thomas Wakefield, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church of Codding ton, in the County of Nottingham;

Thomas Heron, 01 Newark upon Trent, Esquire; Stephen Ashwdl, John AJlmetl, and John Cooper, till oi'Coddington aforesaid. Yeomen; and also of the several othei Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of, and intitled to Lands, Ground , and CGmmon Right, within the Parish of Coddinglon aforesaid; was presentr ed to the House, and read; felting forth, That there arc several common Fields,situate within thefai/i Parish, containing by Estimation 1,870 Acres and .2 § Perches, and that the cultivated andmauurableLandsand Grounds within the said Parish consist of 85 Oxgangs; and I at!er t ", ging, that as the greatest Part of the Lauds and Grounds of the Petitioners lie dispersed in jfmall Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, they are desirous that the said common Fields, Moor,

and common Grounds, should be iuelofed and divided amongst them, in Proportion to their respecuve, LandS, and Common Right, and that a suitable Recomperice and Satisfaction should be made to the Prebendary and / his Lessee, and the Vicar of the said Parilji Church, in respect of their Tythes and Interest in the Premises:

And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid,

A Motion being" made, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That, his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the fefI Petition, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit. / -.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And tlf^t Mr. Charlton, Mr. Plumptre, and Mr. Hewett, do pr^ pare, and bring in, the fame.; ,

A Petition of Thomas He/kyth, tSquire, Edward Longton Weld, Esquire, Richard Clayton, Esquire, and Robert lacloture, Moss, Gentleman, Lords of the Manor of Longton, in the County of Lancaster, and of divers other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Land in Longton aforesaid, was pfe-fented to the House, and read; fettingforth, That within the Manor or Township of Longton aforesaid, there1 dre divers Parcels of waste Grounds, amounting to 750'Statute Acres, or thereabouts, which i^ow lie uncultivated, and are,in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and alleging, that it rhay be more beneficial to the Laud-owners, if Part of the1 Commons or' waste Grounds lie open anduninclofedf.for a fev; Years, and be enjoyed as a dinted Pasture by the Owners ahaOe-ctipiers of Lands in Longton aforesaid, until the Inclosttte thereof: And therefore praying, That JLeave bo given to bring in a Bill to have the said Commons^hid waste Grounds inclosed, divided, and allotted, by.Commissioners, in such Bill to be named (into and amongst the Petitioners, and the rest of the1 Land-owners in Ijmgtdn aforesaid, that have Right of Common thereon, in Proportion to their Inlands, and that Part thereof may be enjoyed as a stinted Pasture, till the inclosure of the fame. ' ‘

Ordered, That Leave be given ' to bring in a: Bi.H, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Tozvnfhend, and Mr. Charlton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor, and of divers Ardfley Freeholders and Owners, of Lands, within the Town- Inclosiue, lbipof Ardfieyfm the Parishof Darfitldfxn the West Riding of ,the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is #n open Cpmtnpn called Ardfley Common, and likewise several common

Fields

Way# tad Mt&ns.

Supply;

Trapaud’#

kc. NaW

Stake Goldiiigton, kc. Road.

728 25* — 26°

Fields and waste Grounds, within the said Township; and alleging, that the Lands in the said Fields are in* lermixed, and several of them inconveniently situated; and that if the fame, as well as the said Common and waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, they would be of much greater Value: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common, common Fields, and waste Grounds, within the said Township, under such Buies and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Hewett, and Mr. Wilkinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Jtefolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 26° die Januarii;

Anno 33* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

APETITIONof Peter Trapaud, Nicholas Bat-Jljl tier, Crifiopher Battier, John Ralph Battier, Abel Mitz, Peter Aubertin, John William Smithy Gabriel Anthony Emjt, Frederick Nicholas Graf, Emanuel Philip Size, and David Duveluz, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kyiiaftonr and Mr. Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution the several Afls of Parliament now in Force, for repaiiv ing the Highways between the House, commonly called the Horse Shoe House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton and from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the County of Bucksy to the said Horse Shoe House; and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Counties of Northampton and Bucks, residing near the said Highways, whose Names are thereunto set; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several of the Terms of Years granted by the said Acts are already expired, and there is now only subsisting the Term of Twelve Years, or thereabouts, Part of the said Terms, some or One of them; and alleging, that the said Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which is yet due and owing, and the fame, together with the Tolls col-le&ed by virtue of the said Acts, have been duly applied towards repairing the said Highways, yet some Parts thereof are in the Winter Season very bad, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, nor can the Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said Acts be repaid, unless the Term and Powers, thereby granted, be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms yet to come, or for adding or granting such further Term or Terms of Years, and such further and other Powers and Authorities, for repairing the said Roads or Highways, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Januarii. 1760.

mine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Phmptre,

Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Bacon, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fellowesy Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Crojfe, Mr.

Hewett, Mr. Clive, Mr. More, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr.

Jenyns, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Willes, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Groves, Mr. Hujfey, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Backwell, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Legh, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Grenville, Admiral Holmes, Mr. Chetwynd; And all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Leicester, Bucks, Bedford, Nottingham, and Derby:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Principal, Fellows and Scholars, of Bergavenny Jesus College, in the University of Oxford, and of the Scho<)1* several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Bergavenny, in the County of Monmouth, was presented to the House, and read; reciting, That King Henry the Eighth, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the 24th of July, in the 38th Year of his Reign, did, for better educating and i nil rusting of Youth in Bergavenny aforesaid, found a Grammar School in the said Town, to be for ever called The Free Grammar School of King Henry the Eighth, and for the Support thereof, gave to the Bailiffs and Commonalty of the said Town the several Tythes in the said Petition mentioned, to hold to them, and their Successors, for ever, on the Terms in the said Petition also mentioned, and conllituted them a Body Co'rporate for that Purpose for ever, and empowered the Bailiffs and Vicar of Bergavenny, if resident, or any Two of them, of whom the Vicar was to be One, if resident, to choose a new Mailer on every Vacancy, in such Manner as is therein mentioned; and also reciting, That by Indenture, bearing Date the ioth Day of May 1664, and made between William Herbert, Esquire, Bailiff, and the Commonalty of Bergavenny aforesaid, of the one Part; and Leolin Jenkins, Doctor of Laws, then Principal, and the Fellows and Scholars, of Jesus College aforesaid, of the other Part; the said Bailiff and Commonalty, for the Purpose in the said Petition mentioned, and in Consideration of £. 50, paid to the said Bailiff and Commonalty by the Principal, Fellows, and Scholars aforesaid, did grant and demise to the said Principal, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors, the impropriate Rectory of Bcdgeworth, in the County of Gloucester, and the Glebe Lands and Tythes thereof, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, at the Yearly Rent of £.50; and the said Principal, Fellows, and Scholars did thereby covenant to elect out of the said School One Fellow and One Scholar in the said College, to be distinguished and registered as the Fellow and Scholar of Bergavenny, and to be chosen as therein mentioned, and to continue Fellow and Scholar only for Fourteen Years; and they also covenanted to give and bellow yearly, between Two Scholars of the said School, the Sum of £. io; and alleging, that the Tythes and Premises given by King Henry the Eighth to the said Bailiff and Commonalty, and the Profits and Produce thereof, were, from time to time, received and applied in pursuance of the said Letters Patent and Lease respectively, until the Reign of the late King William the Third, when a Dispute arising about the Election of a Bailiff of the fair! Town, the said Charter granted by King Hairy the Eighth became forfeited, and there has not since been any Person acting as Bailiff of or in a Corporate Capacity within the said Town; and there being no Person duly qualified or authorized to receive the said Rent of £. 50, reserved by the said Lease, the Principal, Fellows, and Scholars aforesaid, for the supporting and keeping the said School, and in Compliance with, and Conformity to, the Terms of the said JLeafe, have ever since paid the same Rent to the

School

__J

33 GeOj it;

School Mailer of the said School, and batty from time to give Letfvefor$ Bill to jba brQhgbtjn to redrefst^ie afore-time, duly elected a Fellow and Scholar out of the said 5 said Grievances of the Petitioners, and to gra\\t theni School, who have coniiantly; been :afUnilted to all the such Relief, as the House shall fee fit.

Rigiusand Privileges of the said College, for the Term Ordered, That the said Petition be referred ifP tjip of Fourteen Years as aforesaid; and they have also given Cpnlid^rgtion of a Qqniin.it teq: Apt! that they i)o exa* or allowed an Exhibition ofyf. >q yearly to Two Boys, , mine, the Matter thereof; and, report the fomq;: as it educated at, and sent from, the said School; and that shall appear to them; to(the Hqufe; ,

after the Forfeiture of the said Charter, the Tenants of the And it is referred to M,r. Alderman Dkkinfyn, Mr.

rest of the Tythes and Estates granted by King Usury Fuller,.Mr. /I ilkcs^Si rThomas tjales, Mr. Wllkiiifon, the Eighth, and several other Persons, possessed them- Mr. Hepry>(jrenville,§\r Georgq Say He, M r. Kynqjhm,

Iqlves of, and received the Rents of, the fame, without Sir john Crqfle, Mr. Felloxves; General CoynwaU^s, Mr. any Considernf ion paid, or Account given, for the fame; Hexvell. Mr. Grove, Mr? Bacon, ]JYilles>rMr^ and that an Information was, in the Year 17 2.0^ exhibited /^«,.Mr. Elliot, M n Smith, Mr.^H/oa, Mr. Jaw*/-., against several of them in the Court of Chancery, in the Jhend, Mr. Whitworth^ Mr. Plumptre, Mf. (Sholmondeky,

Nape of the Attorney General, awd^Robcft Davies of» Mx*. Fairfax, Mr# Clive,. Mr. Moore,v Mr. Chetwypd,’ > Bergavemy aforesaid, Gentleman, was appointed Re- Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lyftec, Mr. Ryder, Mr* CharUon, MrTfl ceiver of the Rents and Profits of the said Piemifles, Thornton, Mr. Cure, Mr. Bulle^ir^ojin Philipp?, Mr. . ajid has ever since received the Rents thereof; and Wiglcy, Sir Ttomas Palmer r. Loumdes, Sir John Gor-there being no further Proceedings had in the saidCause, don, Mr. Cartwright, M1;.. Waljon, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. OUr the said Robert i)i/r/d\y hath ncvejr made up or passed an mjus, Mr. Ovglty, Mr. Alderman Rockford, Mr. Geo.

Account of the Rents and Produce; oft he Rremifles, aneb. Onjlpzo; vand all the Members who serve for (heQa^pties has only paid the Ufiier of the said School a yearly Salary of Mifldle/tx, Essex, Surrey, Kent, and Suffer jandfor*. or Stipend; and as the Rents and Profits of the Premiifes, the pity; of London And they, are to meet thisvAfterr . io received by him, amount to about ^.33'a Year; and 11000 at Five of the Glock, in\thq[Speaker's.Qh^ip^er^ the yearly Salary or Stipend paid to the said Usher, is and yhave Power to fend for. Persons, Papers^.,audy only /. ij -a. Year, -a considersfcbJfc Sum of Moqey doth Records. j ,;u

reniaiu in the Hands of, and to be accounted foghy, the,

said Receiver;, and that the.Petitionersarq advisedpthat, . A Petition of several Froprietprs of, and Pertain?- Bayton

from the Time of the Forfeiture of tRe said Charter terefted in, the open, arable, meadp\v,pafty\i;o>corxirnQn,' Inclolur*. granted by King Henry t he Eighth, and such DpTolution and waste Grounds, in the Parish and Manor of Hay ton, of the Corporation, such of the Tythes and Premises in the CountyofNottingkan^as presentedto the House, thereby granted, as are not in Lease to the Petil.ionqrs apd read ;, setting,forth, That the Lands belonging to the Principal, Fellows, and Scholars of Jesus College, and the respective Proprietors in-th§ bqpen, arahletcand{ the Reversion of the said Rectory and Tythesefi Hedge- meadow Grounds, in the said Manor and Parish, lie in-zvorfh, comprised in the said Lease, devolved upon, and terhiixf'd And dispersed m final 1 Parcels" and are at fire- . f: 0v

reverted to, the Crown, and would, upon the Expiration lent incapable of any considerable Improvement ;*, and - . j of the Term of 90 Years, thereby granted, and which alleging, that if Power, was given to allot, or diviide, will end on the 10th of May 1763, veil in, and devolve and inclose, the said Fields and Meadows; and the open, upon, the Crown in Possession; and that thq Petitioners pasture,commort; and walte Grounds, in the said Manor are desirous that, the Donations ^fore-mentioned should an,d ;Parish, the same would. tend to the Benefit and be continued, suppprled, and improved, for the Benefit Advantage of all Parties concerned: And therefore of the Town of Bergavcnny, in such Manuer as in the praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for said Petition is mentioned, in case the Inheritance of the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under fuchi rfie Rectory and Tythes of Bedgezcorth, comprised in the Regulations, as the House shall think proper.,. m said Lease, may be vested in the said Petitioners, the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bity Principal, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors, pursuant to the Pfayer of the said Petition: Andathat in Fee-fun pie; and the rest of the Tythes and Premises, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Wilkinson, and Sir George Savile,(& comprised in the fird-mentipped Grant, may be vested prepare, and bring in, the fame. - .: /

in Trnftees for the said Purposes: And therefore praying,

.That Leave may be given tobring in a Bill for yelting A Petition of the Lords of the Manors of Ugglebarnby Uggle-.the Inheritance of the said Tythes and Pi emifles, com- and Ejkdalefide, in the Parish of Whitby, in the County barney, «cl. prised in the said Grant, from King Henry the Eighth, of York, and of the several Freeholders within -the said ItfotoNre* in Tru(lees, for the said pious and charitable Uses. Manors, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in be-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. half of themfel ves, and others, having a Right of Common on the Moors or Commons within the said Manors,

A Petition of the several Fishermen trading to Billingsr was presented.to the House, and read; setting forth, That gate Market, whole Names are thereunder written, on there are within the said Manors and Township oft/ggle-behalf of themselves, and all others the Fishermen trad- barnby and EjkdaUfide aforesaid, large Moors, Commons, ing to, that Market, was presented to the House, and or Wastes, called Uggkbaruby and Ejkdalefide Commons, read; reciting several Parts of Two Acts of Parliament, containing by Efiimation 3,500 Acres, or thereabouts, one passed in the pzd Year of his present Majesty’s which at present yield little Profit, but are capable of Reign, for. making a "free Market for the Sale of Fish in great Improvement, if inclosed; and alleging, that the the City of Westminster, and for preventing the so^e- Petitioners are desirous that the famefhould be divided.

Trailing and inpnopolizing of Fish, and for allowing the and inclosed, and allotted, among the several Persons Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in aClause interested therein: And therefore praying the House to contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s giveLeave that a Bill may be brought in for th6 Pur-Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; and the poses aforesaid.; /

other, passed in the 29th. Year of his present Majesty’s; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bit!,

.Reign, lor explaining^ amending, and rendering more pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that cfteftual, the above-mentioned Act; and representing ;Sir George Savile, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hewett, and Mtz many I lardships, Frauds, and Inconveniences, which the Barrow, do prepare, and bring in,- the fame.;

.Petitioners allege they are subject to by the said Acts; . l

and particularly alleging, that several Forfeitures erf , A Petition of the Commissioners appointed by, and in Weaver Vcftbls and their Cargoes, have been already incurred by pursuanceiof, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Nav, Satl0®* ‘the Servants of Fishermen having.omitted to make the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for mrfking particular Entries by the said Act of the 29th of his prq- 4lie Kwer. Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Tent Majesty, directed to be made, ,to the great Surprize WinWord Bridge, in the County of Cte/fer; and of several and Damage of the Owners: And therefore praying the , GentIemen, ManufactureFs,andotherInha!)itants,of the LIoufe to tak;e tRe Premises into Qonlideration, and tp Laid County; was presented to the House, and read;

Voi#. zS. 8 £ , alleging

730 $6* januariA. 1760.

alleging, That, by virtue of the said Act, the said Rivet* Exchanges as will berequififce for diem to do; and that

Scxnhftn

Iucioiurr.

hafc been made navigable, but that Tome of the Works for making and using tire said Navigation have been greatly damaged, and no Method is appointed by the said Act for reCOveringSafisfoOtion for such Damages, or punishing the Offenders; and that the said Act is in many other Parts defective, and it will be impra6ticable to improveor preserve the said Navigation, unless the said Act is explained, athended, and rendered more effectual: And thereforO p>raying, That Leave may be giveu to bring in a BiH for the more effectual improving, preserving, and maintaining, the said Navigation, with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cixolmondeley, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Montagu, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Faitfa#, Sir John Croft, Mr. Sandys, Sir Thomas Pal-vier, Mr. Bacon, General Cornwallis, Mr. Plumpin, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Lifter, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Wig* ley, Sit Geo. Savile, Mr. Fuller, Lord Strange, Mr. Butler, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hewett, Mr. CUve, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Legh, Mr. Tho* <roton, Mr. Chefwijnd, Mr. Moore, Mr. Chariton, Mr. Smith, Mr 01 mi us, Mr. Holt, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Whi/ztkrrlh: and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lane after, Salop, Stafford, York, and Durhaiit\ and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perfbas, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands, in the open and common Fields oi South am, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners Estates in the said Fields lie intermixed anddifperfed in and over the fame, so that very little Protit arises therefrom, and the fume arts rendered incapable of Improvement in their present Situation: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said open and common Fields, into just Allotments and Proportions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pvrr-fikant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. 'Cartioright, Mr. Henry Grenville, and Mr. Grove, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

©can’* Yaid APetitfoa of WMuth Markham, Doctor of Laws, and

&$* Thomas Salter, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; reciting. That by an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his present M^efty, to enable the Petitioners to build Houses, and open a Square, in and upon a certain Piece of Ground called Dean's Yard, Westminster, and several Pieces of Ground contiguous thereto, the Petitioners were empowered, from and after the 24th Day of June 1755, for the Space of Five Years from thence next ensuing, and no longer, to open and build the said Square, and certain Streets and Avenues contiguous thereto, and for that Purpose to purchase several Parcels of Ground and Houses in the said Act deferrbed; and also that it should be lawful for the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Wflmbffler, and their Successors, for the Space of Five Years, to grant Leases, for aTerra of 99 Years, of the several Estates comprised within the Bounds and Limits mentioned and described in the said Act, and also to exchange any such Estates with the Petitioners; and alleging, that in pursuance of the said Act, the Petitioners have purchased divers Estates, within the limits described by the said Act, in order to carry the said Act into Execution; but by reason of the present Scarcity of Motiey, and from other udforefeen Accidents, they have not been able to make all the Purchases require for carrying the said Act into Execution, and therefore have not been able to procure from the said Dean and Chapter any such Leases, or to make such

the Petitioners are apprehetifive they shall not be able to make such further rurebafe's, to procure such Leases, and to make such Exchanges, during the Remainder of the Term granted them by the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for granting to the Petitioners, and to the said Dean and Chapter of the said Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, and to all other Bodies, Corporate or Collegiate, such further Time for making such other Purchases, grafting such Leases, and for making such Exchanges, a^d for carrying such Act into Execution, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Crofe, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Heivett, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Grove, Mr. Bacon, General Cornwallis, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Clive, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wig ley, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Philipp?, Mr. Plumplre, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Olmius, Mr. More, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Wilkes, Sir Richard Glynn, Mr. Recorder of Londoner Thomas Palmer, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. ClioImimdeley, Mr. Geo. Onslow; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex> Sterrey, Essex, and Kent; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County of Kent, was referred, rl hat the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth *, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to the Village of Foots Cray, in the said County, was read: And,

Mr. David Sandall said, That the Road leading from the Royal Oak aforesaid, to the Town of Maidstone, is in a ruinous Condition, and that if the same was repaired, it would be of public Utility, but that it cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing f he Road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to the Village of Foots Cray, in the said County, to the Road leading from the Royal Oak oti Wrotham Heath to the Town of Maidstone: Ami that Mr. Whitieorth, Mr. Fairfax, Mjr. Haddock, and Mr. Auditor Watson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wrottaii

Heath,

Kaad.

Major General Cornwallis, reported from the Commit- chifletot tee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend Thomas Moore, Charity Doctor in Divinity, Rest or of the Par ilh Church of Chifle* 1^ hurst, in the County of Kent, Samuel Roycroft, John Stevens, Esquires, Three of the surviving Trustees of the charitable Donation of George Wifon, Clerk, thetein-after mentioned; and also of the said Thomas Moore, and the Churchwardens of the said Parish Church, as Trustees of the several chari tableDonations therein-after mentioned, for the Benefit of the said Parish; and also of the honourable Thomas Townflicnd, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Chtflehurst, and of the several F reeholders and Inhabitants of the said Manor and Parish of Chiflehurst, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Right

hoaour-

33 Geo. it. l&° Januatii. 731

honourable/fotarJ comrtioriiy called Lordi?obert , And further said, That the Incodoe and Produce of ChifleMirff

Bertie-, was referred; That the Committ^e had examined several of the said charitable Donations are not sufficient Chatty j

the Matter of the said Petition; arid had directed him to to answer the Purposes for which the fatne were given. Lai‘di* report the fame, as it appeared to then), to the House; Then there was produced to your Committee an Agree-and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards de- tnent, made between Lord Robert Bertie and the Inha-livered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was bitants of Chtfleliurjl aforesaid, and which was proved by read; and is as followeth vrz. the said Doctor Moore and several Members present

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, at the Committee; whereby it is agreed, that the Road

There was produced to your Committee an Indenture, leading from the Mansion House of the said Lord Robert dated the 23d Day of October 1686, made between Ed- Bertie, through Church Lane, to Chiflehurst Church, tvard King Esquire, on the One Part, and Sir Edward /hould be disused, and a new Road made instead thereof Bettenfon Baronet, Samuel Oldfield Esquire, and Ellis through the Grounds of the said Lord Robert Bertie.

Cunliffe Gentleman, of the other Part; whereby it ap- Samuel Roy croft Esquire, being examined, said, That

peared that Sir PhilipWarzoick Kn\ght, did, by a Codicil an Edifice hath been erected, and is nearly finished, on annexed to hislaft Will, dated the 29th Day of ' ChiJIehurJt Common, Part of which is intended for a

1682, devise and bequeath unto the Parish of Chijlehuffl, Workhouse, and the other Part thereof; with a Piece of to be managed by the Minister, Churchwardens, and Ground laid thereto, is proposed to be let out, and the Vestry, for binding, unto some Sea Service, some Child Rent appropriated to answer the Purposes of the said of the Parish, £. 100, out of the Interest and Profits, and Mr. JVilfon’s Charities.

to be always kept in Stock for that Service; and that And it further appeared by the aforesaid Agreement,

Mary Cowell Widow, by her last Will, dated the 29th That the Minister, Churchwardens, Freeholders, and Day of December 1638, did devise and bequeath /. 12, Inhabitants, of the said Parish of ChiJIehurJt, have formerly given by her deceased Husband Thomas Cowell agreed with the said Lord Robert Bertie for the Sale of to the Parish of ChiJIehurJt, to be paid to the Church- the several Houses, Lands; and Tenements, so given for wardens, for the Time being, within three Months after the several charitable Uses aforesaid, discharged of the her Decease, to be employed to the best Profits, so that said charitable Uses, and for the Liberty of turning the but of the Interest of the said £. 12 there be deduced said Road; for which he is to g\ve£. 500, which is to be yearly, for ever, 16 s. to be given to Eight poor Widows applied for the several charitable Purposes mentioned or poor Men; and that the said £.12 was made rip in the said Agreement.

£.20 by the Parish of ChiJIehurJt; and that the said And the said Samuel Roycroft further said. That the £. 100 and £.zo was agreed to be laid out in the Sum agreed to be paid by the said Lord Robert Bertie Purchase of Lands, in Trust, that the Rents and Profits for the Purchase of the Premises, and the accepting the thereof might, in lieu of the Interest of the said £, 100 said Proposal, will tend to establish a better Provision and £. 20, be applied to the Uses and Purposes declared for the Poor of the said Parish.

y the said Wills respectively; and that the said Edward Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

King, in Consideration of the said Sum of £. 120, therein veiling several Lands and Tenements, in the Parish of mentioned, to be paid to him by the said Sir Edward ChiJIehurJt, in the County of Kent, given to charitable Bettenjon, Samuel Oldfield, and Ellis Cunliffe, did convey Uses for the Benefit of the said Parish in the Right the Qofes called Frith Meadoics, containing 18 Acres, honourable Esquire, commonly called Lord

with the Appurtenances, to the Use of the same Trustees Robert Bertie, and hfs Heirs; and for making Provision and their Heirs, upon Trust, that the Rents and Profits of greater Value instead thereof, for the Benefit of the might, from time to time, be applied for the Purposes Poor of the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein aforesaid. mentioned: And that Major General Cornwallis and

Then there was produced to your Committee an Mr. Thomas Townshend junior do prepare, and bring Extrdft of the Will of Mr, John Rand, dated the 5th in, the fame.

Dsry of May 1705; and,

Mr. William Wray, being examined, said, That the Mr. Fairfai reported from the Committee, to whom Northfleet; f&id Extract was of hisHand-writing, and which lie made the Petition of the Justices of the Peace of the County of &c-from the Probate in the Vestry of the Parish Church of Kent, being Trustees appointed to put in Execution an ChiJIehurJt many Years ago. Act, of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present

Mr. Samuel Harper said, That Search had been made Majesty; intituled; " An Act for enlarging the Term for the original Will or Probate at Dottors Commons, and " and Powers granted in and by an Act,made in the 10th at ChiJIehurJt and other Places, neither of which can at " Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for enlarging, present be found. " amending, and maintaining, the Road between North-

The Reverend Doctor Moore said, That he had been "fleet, Gravesend, and Rochester, in the County of Rector of the Parish Church of ChiJIehurJt 40 Years; " Kent, and also another Act, made in the nth Year of and that the Premises, given by the Will of the said Mr. " his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging Rand, consist of Two Cottages and a Field; and that the " the Term granted by the said former Act; and for Profits arising therefrom have, during his Time, always " other Purposes therein mentioned; and for explaining been applied to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish. " and amending the said Acts; and also for repairing the Then the original Will of Gecnge Wilson Clerk, dated " Highway from Northfleet aforesaid to Hartford, in the the 23d Day of Jw/y 1718, was produced to your Com- "said County;" was referred; That the Committee inittee; whereby he gave and devised a Messuage or had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had Tenement, and certain Lands and Grounds, in Chiflc- directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, hurst, unto Trustees therein named, and their Heirs, in to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Trust, for certain charitable Uses therein mentioned. afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where The Reverend Doctor Moore said, That the Lands the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. and Tenements, purchased with the Legacies given by To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Wills of Sir Philip Warwick and Mary Cowell, are The said Act, of the nth Year of his late Majesty, let at £. 7 a Year, and no more, and the Estate given by was read; and,

the Will of John Rand whs formerly let at £.4 a Year* A Member present informed your Committee, That but is now greatly out of Repair, and a Field let at 40s. there is a Debt owing on the Credit of the said Act. a Year; and that the Estate given by the Will of the said Mr. John Kent and Mr Thomas Wat/on, being severally

George Wilson consists of a Messuage divided into Two examined, said, That the Road leading from Northfleet to small Temements, which is in a ruinous Condition, and Gravefendleads by a Chalk Cliff; and that the Verge of a Garden Plot containing about One Rood; and that of the said Cliff \s so near the Road as to render it very the said Houses cannot be made tenantable, unless a dangerous to Travellers; and that the present Roajl larger Sum of Money be laid out than can be raffed will very soon be destroyed, so that there is a Necessity out of the Produce thereof for many Years; to turn the Course thereof.

Vol. 28. And

Dei;by

Road*.

Maid done, &c. Road.

732 26* — 28° januarii.

.And fhflv farther said, That if the said former Acts repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road , were repealed, and aft the Powers granted for amending leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the upper the said Roads reduced into One Act of Parliament, End of a Street called Stone Street, in the Town of it would greatly facilitate the Operations of the Trudeos, Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a Place called Tubs and the other Persons concerned in the Repair of the Luke, in the Parish of Cranebrooke, i‘11 the fa’»d County: said Roan?. And that Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Haddock, Mr. Rojc Fuller,'

Ofueved, That Leave be given to bring in1 a Bill for Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Auditor JVatfon, and Mr.' rendering more effectual several Acts, passed in the 10th Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the nth Year

of his late Majesty Kin gGeorge the First, and in the 1 ith A Petition of Sir Nathanael Cnrzon Baronet, Lord of Frfor Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging, the Manor of FriJbij upon the Wreak, in the County of ^lu*. amending, and maintaining, the Road from Hartford to Leicester, and Impropriator of the Parish of Frifby upon North fleet a nd Grairfend, and from Gravesend to Chalk, the Wreak a fore fa id", William Brecknock Wragg Clerk,

and from Northfeel to Chalk, and from thence, through liochester, to Saint DunjlaiisCrofs, near the City of Canterbury: And that Mr. Fairfax, My. Whitworth, and Mr. Audi Lor Watfbn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition.of the Trudees, whose Names are thereunto fnbferibed, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, made in the nth and 17th Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Towii of Derby, in the County of Derby, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is-as followeth; viz. . - /

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said Two Adbs were read; and,

Francis Mundy Esquire, being examined, said, That in Part of the Road directed to be repaired by the said Acts, leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of B raffing ton, there are Two Streams of Water, which are frequently dangerous to Passengers; and that it would be greatly for the Con venience of the Public, if Part of the said Road was turned, by carrying the same from a Place called Daifey Bank, through the several Places described in the Petition, to the Joining of the said Turn-pike Road at the End of Blind Lane, in the Liberty of Westcn Underwood, in the Parish of Muggingfon, and thereby the said Streams of Water would be avoided.

Mr. George Campion confirmed the above Evidence. ' Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual. Two Acts, passed.in the nth and 17th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby: And that Mr. Kynafojrand Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fairfax reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, living in and near the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone at the upper End of a Street called Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, through the Parish and Village or Street of Loose, to a Place called Style Bridge, and from thence through the Town or Village of Staplehurst, and from thence to the Town of Cranebrook, and from thence to a Place called Tubs Lake, in the Parish of Cranebrook aforesaid, in the said County, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had direfiled him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; 'viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John U(borne, being examined, said, That the said Road, by reason of the Deepness of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, is become very ruinous and bad, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. William Cranston and Mr. John Kent confirmed the above Evidence. f

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Vicar and Incumbent of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Frifby upon the Wreak aforesaid, John BaJ's Esquire, Thomas Ilurfl Clerk, rThomas Hitman, and others, Proprietors of Lands, in the said Fields, was prefenled to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie greatly intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the said Fields, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet,

Ordered, That the said'Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning Niue of the Clock.

LuntSy2 8° die Januarii;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760,

Praters.

IR Edward Hawke being come to the House, Mr. Adirfal Speaker acquainted him, That the House had un-animously refotved. That the Thanks of this House be an given to him for the fate signal Victory obtained by him over the French Fleet; and Mr. Speaker gave him the Thanks of the House accordingly, as followeth; viz.

Si r Edward Hawke t 1 The House has unanimously resolved, That’ their Thanks be given to you, for the late signal Victory, obtained by you, over the French Fleet.

You are now, Sir, happily returned to your Country, after a long, but moll important Service; and are returned, victorious and triumphant, and full of Honour.;

You meet the Applause of your Countrymen, in their Minds and Hearts, and which they had manifested, before, in all the outward Demonstrations of public Joy and Congratulation. ‘

Your Expedition was for the neared and most affecting Concern to us — The immediate Defence of his Majesty's Kingdoms, against a disappoiuted and enraged Enemy, meditating, in their Revenge, our Definition at once: Your Tnift, therefore, Sir, was of the highed Nature; but to which, your Characters of Courage, Fidelity, Vigilance, and of Abilities, were known to be equal. You soon freed us from Fears; and have answered all our Hopes, that Bravery and Conduct could give, or turbulent Seas and Seasons would admit of — even the lad did not disturb or diminish your Spirit and Vigour. You had over-awed the Enemy in their Ports — in their chief naval Force, till Shame, perhaps, or Defpcration, brought them forth at lad. You fought them, subdued them, and, in their Confusion and Dismay, made those, who could escape, to seek their Security in Flight and Di(grace.

Thus their long-preparing Invasion was, then, broken and dispelled; and which cannot but bring to our Remembrance the Design and the Fate of another Armada, (in a former Age of Glory) whose Defeat was, at that time, the Safety of England, and the lading Renown of the English Navy.

These, Sir, are your late eminent Services to your King and Country, and have been, now, enumerated, not from any Imagination that they are unknown anywhere, or can be ever forgotten, but that your Presence with its makes them to rife, with their first Strength, in our Thoughts, as the Recounting of them mult give us afrelh

33 Geo. II. 28° Januafti.

733

Spirit of Joy, in our Acknowledgements of them. Our Acknowlegements, then, Sir, you have, for these your pad Services: Permit us to add our Expiations, too, of what may be your future Merits, in Defence of the Rights and Honour of your Country, where-ever you shall, again, command.

It is a very pleufing Office to me, to convey these Thanks of the House to you; and I do give you, in the Name of the Commons of Great Britain, their Thanks, for the late signal Victory, obtained by you, over the French Fleet.

Upon which Sir Edward Hawke ftiid.

Mr. Speaker!

I own myself greatly at a Loss, as to the proper Manner of acknowleging the great Honour conferred on me, by this august House, in their distinguished Approbation of my Conduct, on the 20th of November Iaft. In doing my utmost, I only did the Duty I owed my King and Country, which ever has been, and shall be, my greatest Ambition to perform faithfully and ho-neftly, to the bed of my Ability — I can only a dure this honourable House, that I receive this Mark of Honour, with the greated Respect; and shall ever retain the most grateful Sense of it.

Before I fit down, permit me, Sir, in particular, to return you my most respe&ful Thanks for the obliging Manner in which you have communicated to me the great Honour done me by this House, which I shall always edeem as the highed Obligation.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That what has been now said by Mr. Speaker, in giving the Thanks of this House to Sir Edward Hawke, together with Sir Edward Hawke's Answer thereto, be printed in the Votes of this Day.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in Obedience to their Commands, he had written to Rear Admiral Durell at Port/mouth, and Brigadiers General Monckton and Murray) in America, communicating to them the Thanks of the House, pursuant to the Resolution the House had come to, That the Thanks of the House be given to the Admirals and Generals employed in the glorious and successful Expedition against Quebec.

Krifhy The House was moved, That the Petition of Sir Na-Inclosure. thanael Curzon Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Frijby upon the IVreak, in the County of Leicester, and Impropriator of the Parish of Frijby upon the Wreak aforesaid,

1 William Brecknock Wragg, Clerk, Vicar, and Incumbent, of the Vicarage and Pari/Ii Church of Frijby upon the Wreak aforesaid, John Bass Esquire, Thomas Hurjt Clerk, Thomas Himnan, and others. Proprietors of Lands in the said Fields, which was presented to the House upon Saturday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read:

And the fam^ being read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Oiniius and Sir Thomas Palmer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Accounts of The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkyns, from Rum, &c. the Commissioners of the C11/lorn s, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Plantation Rum, reexported from England, from Christmas 1752 to Christmas 1758, and from thence to Midsummer 1759; distingui/liing each Year; and also.

An Account of the Quantities of foreign Brandy and Geneva, re-exported from Englandt from Christmas 1752 to Christmas 1758, and from thence to Midsummer 1759; di/tinguifiling each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accolults do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 28.

Thanks to Admiral Durell, &c.

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Freeholders, and other Heritors, of the County of Forfar, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners are convinced, from Fa6ts and Experience, that the temporary Causes, which produced the Prohibition of making Spirits from Wheat, Barley, or any Sort of Grain, have long ceased in North Britain; and that the further Prohibition of Distillation of Spirits from Grain mull, in its Consequences, be very grievous to the Inhabitants of that Part of the Kingdom; and further alleging, that no Spirituous Liquors are made in that Part of the Kingdom, but those called Aqua Vita9 which are never exported, and are always distilled from Malt made of Big or Bear (a Grain of inferior Quality to Barley) which is the chief Grow th of that Country, and cannot be applied to any other Use, or be sent to any foreign Market: And therefore praying, That the Distillation of the Spirits, called Aqua Vita, may be permitted in the North Parts of Great Britain, in the same Manner as before the late Prohibitions were laid on, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet:

A Petition of the several Land-ow ners and Holders in the Ne ghbourhood of the East Riding of Yorkshire, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the landed Interest, was also presented to the House, and read; representing to the House several ill Consequeiices, which, the Petitioners allege, will arise from the Suppression of the Malt Distillery: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Malt Distillery maybe again restored, to such Degree, and under such Recti i&ions, as may prevent all Abuse thereof; or that the House will grant the Petitioners, and the rest of the landed Interest, such other Relief, as shall teem meet.

A Petition of the several Land-owners and Holders of the Isle of Sheppy and Milton, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the landed Interest, was also presented to the House, and read; expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, That the Land-owners and Farmers of Great Britain should*not be treated with less Indulgence than the Sugar Colonies, but be allowed the same Opportunities of d ifpofing of the Produce of their Lands: And therefore praying. That the Malt Distillery of this Kingdom maybe again opened, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Const-deration the State of the Distillery.

A Petition of John Lord, Clerk, Lydia Jackson Widow, Sarah Edwards Widow, Robert Wilj'don, and Robert Pargiter, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners find Application has been made to the House, by Petition, fora Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Parish, Township, and Liberties, of Sulgrave, in the County of Northampton; and that the Petitioners, John Lord and Lydia Jac}sony are Lords of the Manor of Sulgraye aforesaid; and that the Petitioners are also Owners and Proprietors of several Parts of the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, and enjoy Common of Failure for Cattle, in, over, and upon, the fame, at certain stated Times in the Year; and that, should a Bill pass into a Law, as prayed by the said Petition, it will greatly affect the several Properties of the Petitioners, and be highly prejudicial to them, and many other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Petition, or have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open

9 A and

State of the DiUillery.

Ditto.

Din*

SuLrave

Incjofure.

7 34 28 q Januarii.A. 176b.

and common Field, common Meadows, common Paf- Ad* passed in the sgth Year of the Reign of his present tures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Royal Anthill the Parish, Township, and Liberties of Sulgrave, Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham, in in the County of Northampton, is committed; and that the County o(Kent, and from thence to the Village of the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon Foots Cray, in the said County, to the Road leading their said Petition, if they think fit. from the Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heathy to the Town

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at of Maidstone: And the same was received; and read the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the the First time.

said Petition. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

MiMenhall Ordered, That the Lord Register of Scoilandy Mr.

Drainage. Qe0m Jennings, Mr. John Calvert., Sir William Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Kynaftony be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, which are bounded as follows; that is to say, from Brandon Creek End, by the East Bank of the River Ouse, to Prickzvillow Bridge, and from thence, along the North Bank of Mildenhall River, to the Hard Lands of Mildenhall Rows, and along the Skirts of the Hard Lands of Mildenhall Rows, to the Bank on the West Side of Peavers Load or Earfwell Brook, and then along the said Bank to Winter Load, and by Winter Load and Lakenheath Old Load to Plant Load, and then by Plant Load to the Fen Ground called Arthin-fiall, and through the said Ground, East Moor in Lakenheath, and LoiveUmoor, to the Bank lately made by George Wright Esquire, near the Edge of Knight's Fen, and then by the said Bank, to the South Bank of Brandon River, and along the South Bank of Brandon River to Brandon Creek's End aforesaid; and also the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level; are referred.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, to whonl Oakhampton the Petition of the Mayor, principal Burgesses, and Af- Roads, fistants, of the Town and Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the said Town and Parish of Oakhampton aforesaid, was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Luxmorc, being examined, said, That he knows the several Roads described in the Petition, and has viewed them all within this Month: That the same are now in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places too narrow; and that the same cannot-be repaired by the Laws in being for repairing the Highways of tliip Kingdom.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Oak-Hampton, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Burrell and Mr. Staunton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Halves Mr. Ongley presented to the House, according to A Petition of the Maltsters in Ipswich, and Parts ad- Supply Dili;

Name, Order, a BiH to qualify and enable Samuel Hallet jacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in be- lx*.,

Esquire, now called Samuel Farexvell, and his Heirs, to half of themselves and others, against an additional use and take, in Exchange for his and their own Sur- Duty upon the Stock of Malt in Hand, being offered name, the Surname of Farewell, pursuant to the Will of to be presented to the House;

Nathanael Farezoell Esquire, deceased: And the same A Motion was made, and the Question being put, was received; and read the First time. That the said Petition be brought up;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicenle.

Coomb Mr. Buirell reported from the Committee, to whom Bow Bridge the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough Roads. of Dunheved, otherwise Launceston, in the County of Cornwall; and also of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Occupiers of Lands, residing near, and travelling on, the Roads therein after mentioned, in the Counties of Cormvall and Devon, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Luxmore, being examined, said, That the several Roads mentioned in the said Petition are in a very ruinous Condition, and, in many Parts, very narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and repaired, by the Law^in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads leading from Coomb Bow Bridge, in the Parish of Thrufielton, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Launceston, to Haleworthy, in the County of Cornwall, and from PenmgiUam Pool to Trekclleani Bridge, and from Launceston aforesaid to Grtflon Bridge, and from Laburnkk Cross to Jonas's Shop, and from Page's Cross to Hurdon Water, in the County of Cornwall: And that Mr. Burrell and Mr. Staunton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wrotham Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Heath, &c. Order, a Bill for extending the Powers granted by an

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty several jyut0. Duties upon Malt; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duties; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. L. 23. After "fold," to insert "or contraded to fell

L. 28. To leave out " or contracted so to do."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the BiH do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Malt; and for raising the Sum of Eight Millions by way of Annuities and a Lottery to be charged on the said Duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances in the Gauging of Com making into Malt; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills,

Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Armr Majesty’s Command, Eftiniate

Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation of 1,001 Light Cavalry, the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, for 366 Days, from the 25th Day of December] 75^, to the 24th of December 1760, both Days inclusive; and also,

Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation of Four Squadrons of Hunters and Hussars, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Coff el, in the Pay of Great Britain,

from

State of the Distillery.

Ways ard Means.

33 Geo. It

from the 25th Day of December 1739, to the 24th Day of December 1760; and also,

Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation of Five Battalions to the King's Army in Germairy, each Battalion confiding of One Troop of Dragoons of ior Men, and Four Companies of Foot, of 125 Men in

735

each Company, \tTith dorps of Artillery, for 366 Days, from the 25th December 1759^0 the 24th December 1760, both inclusive.

And the Titles of the said Edimates were read.

The said Edimates are as followeth; viz.

28° Jamarii.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Augmentation of 1,001 Light Cavalry, the Troops of tfanover, in the pay of Great Britain, for 366 Days, from the 25th Day of December x 759, to the 24th Day of December 1760 both Days inclusive.

To the Corps of Stockhaufen -To the Corps of Hussars To the Corps of Scheither To the Corps of Hunters

Levy-money for 1,001 Cavalry

Number*. rr- £ s. d.

- 239 3*339 8 4i

- 244 3,810 M 1$

200 3>*34 — 9*

318 4,249 —

1,001 i4>53* 1 —

- - 19,802 7 —

War Office, 28th January 1760.

Barrington.

34>333

ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Augmentation of Four Squadrons of Hunters and Hussars, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajjel, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1759, to the 24th Day of December 1760.

Numbers. For 366 Days.

Two Squadrons of Hussars ----- Two Squadrons of Hunters ----- - - - Levy-money for 440 Cavalry, at 80 Crowns each - 240 200 £ 6,153 7 7 6,152 17 10 8,470

Total - War Office, 28th January 1760. - — h 440 20>776 5 5

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Augmentation of Five Battalions to the King’s Army in Germany, each Battalion confiding of One Troop of Dragoons, of 101 Men, and Four Companies of Foot, of 12 5 Men in each Company, with a Corps of Artillery, for 366 Days, from 25th December 1759, to the 24th December 1760, both inclusive.

Numbers. For 366 Days.

Artillery ----- Five Battalions ----- Levy-money a 50 3,060 £. s. d. 641 19 2 24>932 5 — 27»329 l5 "

War Office, 28th January .1760. Total - 3>uo 52,903 19 2

Ordered, That the said Edimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Mould, One of the General Surveyors of the Distillery in London, do, upon Thursday Morning nexti attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration the State of the Distillery.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

Vol. 28.

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty

ReJ'olvedy That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee,

The other Order of the Day being read '

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the gu whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.


736

28° — 29* Januarii.

A. 1760.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they liad come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marti*- 290 die Januarii;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

Market r\R D ERE D, That Mr. Thynne, Sir Geo. Montgo-Harborough, */ m€Jy Met ham, Mr. Brand, Lord Milton, Mr. Clive, *c- Road* Lord Henry Beauclerk, Mr. William Chetwynd, Mr.

Baptist Leveson Gozver, Mr. Henry Grenville, Mr. William Richard Chetwynd, Mr. James Grenville, S\rLynch Salisbury Coiton, Mr. Hill, Mr. Auditor Watson, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put-in Execution a certain Act of Parliament, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through De/borough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, and Thrapflon, in the County of Northampton, and through Bythorn, Spald-wick, and Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdonas also One other Act of Parliament, made in the 27th Year of his said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said former Act; and of several Creditors who have advanced considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; is referred.

Trapa lid’s, Icc. Nat.

Owfton

inclosure.

Halewortfiy

through

Camelford

Roads.

Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Peter Trapaud, Nicholas Battier; Christopher Battier, John Ralph Battier, Abel Mitz, Peter A ubertin, John William Smith, Gabriel Anthony Ernfi, Frederick Nicholas Graff, Emanuel Philip Bize, and David Duveluz: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hezoett presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and waste Grounds in the Manor and Constablery of Oivfton, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hvffey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Occupiers of Lands, residing in or near, and travelling on, the Roads therein after mentioned, in the County of Cornwall, and of divers other Gentlemen. Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and

lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. William Webb, being examined, said, That the Roads leading from Haleworthy, in the Pnrish o fDavid-flow, in the County of Cornwall, through the several Towns and Parishes deferihed in the Petition, to and through the Borough of Saint Michael, in the said County, are in a ruinons Condition, and, in many Places, very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being.

Mr. Nicholas Vivian confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Webb.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Hale-worthy, in the Parish of Davidflow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wade Bridge, in the said County, ancf from the West End of Wade Bridge aforesaid, unto and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County: And that Mr. Hvffey and Mr. Bond do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Grove presented to the House, according to Batford Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common lQC,ofur^ Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Parish of Barf or d, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the several Land owners and Holders State of the in the Neighbourhood of the Towns of Hertford and ViMtrj. Baldock, in the County of Hertford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the landed Interest; and also,

A Petition of the several Land-owners and Holders Ditto, in the Neighbourhood of Chelmsford and Colchester, in the County of Essex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the landed Interest; and also,

A Petition of the several Land-owners and Holders of the Neighbourhood of Wells, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the landed Interest; and also,

A Petition of the several Land-owners and Holders Ditto, in the Neighbourhood of Clay, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the landed Interest:

Were presented to the House, and read; containing several Reasons alleged by the Petitioners against continuing the Prohibition of the Malt Distillery, and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the House will take thq same of the landed Interest, and of the poor Farmers of this Kingdom, into their Consideration, and permit the Malt Distillery, under such Rules and Regulations'as shall seem

meet....

And the said Petitions were ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration the State of the Dillillery.

Mr. Hamilton, from the Commissioners for Trade Nova Scot* and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Estimate of the Charge of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1760.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

An

Noy*

Scotia.

Sulgrave

Inclosure.

Trent

lCavi'gari6to.

Weaver

Navigation.

Market Harborough &c. Road.

33 GeO. II. Jan 737

Am ESTI M AT E of the Charge of supporting and n^Wtainittg ihoS&fement of fife Majestyfe Colony dif

r ' Nova Scotia, for the Year 1760.

> "r vi’^»i lr* i — ;rr*on*; .~r A-----:----- i----- — l g. T. q ia

To the Salaries of the Civil Officers* and Magistrates of Halifax, Luhenbvrgk. and other Settle*-ments in the Colony, the maintaining ariafuppoftifrg an Orphan House, add other contingent Expences attending the Civil EfEabnflimept - - - , - -

To the Seamen’s Wages, Stores, Provisions, Repairs, and incidental Expences, of Three armed Sloops and Three Schooners, in the Service of the Colony -

ifo an Allowance of Provisions to the Settlers at Lunenburgh - - r

To the Expence of introducing Twelve thousand Seven hundred and Fifty new Settlers

£ *- d<

5>553 5 a

4>232 8 500 —

i*5°°1 — — -

-^4-

I1,785 ^,16 TO

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was mcfvedj That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 13th Day of February 1759, of the Return made from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to an Order of this House, foran Account to oe laid before this House of the Monies paid and Charges incurred by suppottingand maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the id of January 1758, tb the ift December following, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That there be laid before thisHouse, an Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the 1 ft of January 1758, to the 31st of December following*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ift of January 1759, to the 31 ft of December follbVring*

Ordered, That all the Members who serve for the County of Bucks be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and eoramoa Field, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Parish, Township, and Liberties, />f SuLgrave, in the County of Northampton, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Wh'ichcot, Sir Matthew LatrAc, Mr. Nvgent, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Calthorpe, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs and Commonalty, and other the Inhabitants, of the Town of Tdmworth, in the Counties of Stafford^nd Warwick 5 and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Totvn Of!Birihiitgkam, in the said County of Wanvick, and ‘Burton fipon Trent, \n'tfhe said County of Stafford, and ihe Parts adjacent to the said TovVrrs, whose Names are thereuntofiibscribed 5 is referred.

Ordered, That all the Merchants of the House be added to the Committed, to Whom the Petition of the Commissioners appointed by, and in prrrfaanee of, an Act, made in the Seventh Year oTiheRteign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodjhdm Bridge'to WinSford Bridge in the County Of Chester, and of several Gentlemen, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of 'the said County, is referred.

Ordered, That all who cOtriefo the said Committee liaVe Voices.

of Leicester, through Dejbordugh; Rozoell, Ketten'ing* Barton Seagrave, and Thrap/lon, in the County of Northampton, and through By thorn, Spaldwick, and 'Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish of Bramptons hvtfreJ County of Huntingdon $ as also One other ACfbf Parliament, made in the 27th Year of his said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending* andr rendering more effectual, the said former A&; and of several Creditors who have advanced confidenibleSumsr of Money on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Road, whose Narhes are thereunto subscribed; is referred.

A Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Wepnbifier to the oppositeShore in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; reciting the Petition of Lionel Earl of Dyfart and Francis Watkins; and representing to the House, That the same cpntains an unjust Reflection upon the Proceedings of the Petitioners: And therefore praying that the Petitioners may be heard ift JFuftification of their Conduct, in such Manner as to thd House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ien of the Committee, to whom the Petition Of Lionel Earl of Dyfart and Francis Watkins fe referred; and that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

A Motion was made, That the Book, intituled, " A " State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 30th Day of €< November 1756, to the 6th Day of December, 1757, " inclusive \ which was presented to the House upon the 14th Day of December 1757: referred to the said

Committee.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposess

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, P A State of the " Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 30th Day of November 1756 " to the 6th Day of December 1757, inclusivewhich \Vas presented to the House upon the 14th Day of December 1757; be referred to the said Committee.

'Oi'dered, That the -Book, intituled, " A State of flie " Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 6th Day of December \ 757, <c to the 28th Day df November 1758, inclusivewhich was presented to the House upon the nth Day of December 1758; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, " A State of the " Proceedings of the Commissioners for building West-11 minster Bridge, from 5th Decern her 1758, to the 20th " November 1759, inclusive," be referred to the said Committee.

Earl of

Dylan's, Sic. Estates at Charing

CroCs.

A Member takes Oaths.

Earl of Dy fart's, &c. E dates at Charing Cross.

Ordered, That all have Voices who coftie to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution a certain Act of Parliament made in the 315th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty. intihried, An Act for repairing and widening the ^load leading from Musket Ilarbo-rougii, in the County

VOL. 23.

The House being informed, That Mr. Needier, from Accounts of the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Dow; Malt^Duties, ' He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits distilled from Melasses, from the 24th of June 1 736, to the 24th of

9 B June

73& 29® — 3 \* JanA. 1760.

Stipply.

Laws

rdpecting Fim, fee.

Foundling

Hospital.

June 17 4^5, with the Amount of the Duties; distinguishing each Year; and also,

A Paper, intituled, "Return to the Order of the <c honourable House of Commons, dated the 24 th Day cc of January 1760, that there be laid before the House <c an Account of the net Produce of the Duties upon c‘ Malt, from Midsummer 1757, to Midsummer 1759; " disttnguidling the Amount of the said Duties in each Year."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Return was also read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

"The said Account and Return are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Wit ^Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refilved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be applied towards the improving, widening, and enlarging, the Passage over and through London Bridge.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Fane, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Sir John Glynn, Sir Robert Long, Sir William Moreton, and all the Members who serve for the Cinque Ports, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Fishermen trading to Billingsgate Market, whose Names are there-under written, on behalf of themselves, and all others the Fishermen trading to that Market, is referred.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,* to take into further Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children;

Ordered, That the Plan of the Hospital at Ackivorlh, and also.

The Plan and Elevations of the Hospital at Shrewsbury, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Papers presented to the House in thisSession and in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the said Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ten Years annual Bills of Mortality, to Year ended 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day Seven-nighty resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 31® die Januarit',

Anno 33* Georgii II-1 Regis, 1760. Prayers.

pETER Trapaud, Nicholas Battier, Christopher Bat* tier, John Ralph Battier, Abel Mitz, Peter Auber-tin, John William Smith, Gabriel Anthony Ernft, Frederick Nicholas Graff, Emanuel Philiip Size, and David Duveluz, took the Oaths appointed in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be giv'en to ChapWa the Reverend Mr. Burdett, Chaplain to this House, for tanked, the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House, at Saint Margaret's Westminster; and that lie be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Staunton and Mr.

Oltnius do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Staunton presented to the House, according to fjllnwlc^ Order, a Rill for inclosing and dividing the Moor or Com- lhclosure. mon called Hunwick Edge, in the Manor of Bond gate, and County of Durham: And the same w as received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Smith be added to the Hinckley Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, inclo^t« a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of I he Lord of the Manor of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, and of the Patrons, Vicar, and Incumbent, of the Parish and Parish Church of Hincklcij aforesaid, the Impropriators of the Great Tythes, and of the Freeholders, Leaseholders, and Proprietors of Land and Commons in the open and common Fields of Hinckley aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Smith be added to the Hoby Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring lntloluIt* in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Sir John Robinson Baronet, and William Hewett Esquire,

Lords of the Manor of Hoby, in the Cotmty of Leicester, and Proprietors of about Two Third Parts of the common and open Fields of Hoby aforesaid, Henry Browne,

Clerk, Patron, and Rector, of the lie&ory and Parish Church of Hoby aforesaid, and John Orton Clerk, John Baffin, William Morris, and others, Proprietors of Lands in the said Fields.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Smith be added to the Seigwc Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring Indoke. in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Leonard Fojbrooke Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Sea-grave, in the County of Leicester, the Reverend Richard Bcnjkin, of Seagrave aforesaid, the present Rector of the Parish Church of Seagrave aforesaid, Thomas Fisher,

John Woodrooffc, and others, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and Common Right, in, over, and upon, the Commons, common Fields, common Grounds, and commonable Places, of and belonging to Seagrave aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Smith be added to the Asfbnlb? Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, Lclosure. a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Thomas Smith Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Asfordby, in the County of Leicester, and a Proprietor of a confulerable Part of the Lands and Grounds, in the open and common Fieldsof Asfordby aforesaid, Andrew Burnaby Clerk,

Patron and Rector of the Rectory and Church of 'Asfordby, and also a Proprietor of Lands and Grounds in the said Fields, John Hill, Eleanor Hill Spinster, John Hubbard, llwmas Reeve, and others. Proprietors of Lands and Grounds there.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Smilh be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bringin, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of William

Pocfun

Barkley

incloime,

33 Geo. II.

31° Januarii.

739-

Pochin Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Barkby, in the County of Leicester, Impropriator of the Great Tythes there, Patron of the Vicarage and Church of Barkby aforesaid, and a Proprietor of a considerable Part of the open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures of Barkby aforesaid, of the Reverend Ralph Heathcote Clerk, Doctor in Divinity, Vicar* of the said Vicarage, and of William Lenin and others, Proprietors of Land in the said Fields, Meadows, and Pastures.

>umbley Ordered, That Mr. Edward Smith be added to the

ncloiure. Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Joseph Cradock the younger, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Gumbley, in the County of Leicester, and a Proprietor of Land in the open and common Fields there, of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathed ml Church of Lincoln, Patrons, and Richard Wynne Clerk, Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Gumbley aforesaid, and of Henry Hubbard Gentleman, Robert Bingley, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands in the said Fields.

Anfty Ordered, That Mr. Edward Smith be added to the

Inclosure. Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable Harry Earl of Stamford, Lord of the Manor of Anjly, in the County of Leicester, as Parcel of the Manor of Grocby in the said County, Impropriator of the Great Tythes of Part of the common and open Fields of Anjly aforesaid, and a Proprietor of Part of the Lands and Grounds in the said Fields, of the Master. Fellows, and Scholars, of Emanuel College in the Uni-. verfity of Cambridge, Patrons of the Rectory and Parish Church of Thvrcajton, in the said County, of which Part of Anjly is a Member, of the Reverend Richard Ilurd Clerk, Rector of the said Rectory and ParishChurch, andi of Thomas Martin, HenryWalker, Daniel Glover, Edward Hooke, Thomas Hiffe, John Martin, and others. Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested in the said Fields.

Barrow Ordered, That Mr. Edward Smith be added to the

Inclosure. Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable Francis Earl of Huntingdon, the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of St. John's College within the Uni verfity of Cambridge,. the Reverend William Burrow Clerk, Sir Thomas Parkyns Baronet, Sir John Danvers Baronet, Joseph Boyer Gentleman, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Barrow upon Soar, in the County of Leicester.

Frifty Ordered, That Mr. Edward Smith be added to the Inclosure. Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Sir Nathaneal Curzon Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Frijby upon the Wreak, in the County of Leicester, and Impropriator of the Parish of Frijby upon the Wreak aforesaid, William Brecknock Wragg, Clerk, Vicar, and Incumbent, of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Frijby upon the Wreak aforesaid, John Bass Esquire, Thomas Hurst Clerk, Thomas Hinman, and others. Proprietors of Lands in the said Fields.

Somerby Ordered, That Mr. Edward Smith be added to the Inclosure. Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Thomas Green, the elder, Lord of the Manor of Somerby, in the County of Leicester, and Proprietor of a considerable Part of the common and open Fields of Somerby aforesaid, Henry Munton, and others. Impropriators of the Parish of Somerby aforesaid, William Brown Clerk, Patron and Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Somerby aforesaid, the Honourable and Reverend Robert Sherard, Thomas Green the younger, Vol. 28.

Edward Chefelden Clerk, George Thompson, and others. Proprietors of Lands in the said Fields.

Mr. Clive reported from the Committee, to whom tile Kldier-Petition of the Bailiff and Burgeifes of the Borough of {?,n?cr Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, and also of R >a *' the principal Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Parish of Kidderminster, in the same County, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Rozvtand Hill, being examined, said, That he is well acquainted with all the Roads mentioned in the Petition: That they are so deep in Winter, that Carriages cannot pass, nor even Horses, without great Danger; and that the said Roads are so narrow, in some Places, that a Horse cannot pass by a Carriage; and that they cannot be repaired by the Laws in being; for the Parishes have done the full Statute-work on many Parts of the Road, and are now threatened with Indictments.

Mr. Benjamin Pearce confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Kidderminji'ter, in the County of Worcester: And that Mr. Clive and Mr. Sandys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Commit- Salford tee, to whom the Petition of the Most noble Francis, Canal. Duke of Bridgezvater was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report, the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

J An Act, passed in the iaft Session of Parliament, inti-tilled, An Act to enable the Most noble Francis Duke of Bridgexoater to make a navigable Cut or Canal, from a certain Place in the Township of Salford, to or near Worjley Mill and Middlezvood, in the Manor of Worsley, and to or near a Place called Hollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read.

Mr James Brainley, being examined, said, That near Three Miles of the said Navigation is already made between Middlezvood and Salford: — That the said Duke, in order to drain his Coals, and establish a Colliery for supplying the Towns of Manchester arid Salford at the Rates mentioned in the said Act, hath begun a Sough or Level, which is 7 $ Feet high and 5 f Feet wide, 150 Yards of which is done, and is going on with the same in the most expeditious Manner; and that it will drain the Coals between 30 and 40 Yards deeper than the old Soughs.

And further said, That if the said Canal was to be made to, and carried over, the River Dwell, at or near Barton Bridge, and to terminate at or near a Place in the Tewn of Mancester, called the Dole field, instead of the Field called in the said Act Mr. Cook's Tenter Croft, in the Township of Salford, it would be much more convenient, and the Execution of it rendered less difficult and precarious, as such Canal, if made to Salford, must be carried for about 2 f Miles through Rock, and on the Side of a very steep Hill, so that it would be very difficult to make the Canal hold Water, and ifa considerable Leakage should happen, there would not be Water sufficient to supply the Canal; and that there will be Three times the Quantity of Water obtained in the making of the said Canal to Manchester, than there could be in making / it to Salford; — That there will be no Difficulty in carrying the Canal over the River Irwell, near Barton J Bridge, t^he Foundation being good, and will benoOb-strudion to the Navigation of the said River, as it is

proposed

74°

31* Jamarii.

A. 1760.

propdfed to have tKefarne Number of Arches, And of the same or a greater Breadth, and higher by 7 or 8 J;eetthao the highest of jthp present Arches: — That the Yefleis are fialed by Men, who paf$ upon Planks; through One of the Arches of the said Bridge; and that stich Planning may be. continued through the neW Arches: — That the Lands, through which the CSnal |auft be ipade tq Salford, are inclpfed, and generally gpod, there not being a Quarter of a Mile bad; and; in the Course of thpCanpl to Mancheftpr, there are TwO Miles of Land, entire Moss and Morass, of no Value at presentj bptjthat the Navigation will drain it, and Marl and other Manure may be easily conveyed by the said Navigation for the Improvement of the said Land; and pdded, tl^at th& ipa^ing the Navigation, in the Manner proposed, to Manchfjler, in Head of Salford, will be more Convenient for jthe Public in general, and the Town of Manchester in particular.

And. the Wit lie IV further said. That, if the Canal was extended^ by a Side Branch, to or near Longford BridgeJ in the Towniiiip of Stretford, it would be a Means of (applying great Part of the County of Chef ter with Coals; in a more certain Manner, and at a cheaper Rate, than at present they can procure the fame, as it will save near tight Miles, of Land Carriage, through Roads which are only p^ffable in Summer and Frdfts*

- Mr. Francis Adqms, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by the said Mr. Brindley.

0 Ordered, Leave be givpn to bring in a Bill to enable the Moil noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, to vary the Course of a navigable Cut or Canal, authorized to so mailo by an Act paffod in the last Session of Parliament, by making stich Cut or Canal td,'and conveying the same over, the River Irivell, at or near Barton Bridge, and from thence to the Town of Manchester,

S\ the County Palatine of Lancaft'er y aWd to extend a ranch frqifr such Cut opCahal to or hear Long far'd Bridge, in the ToWhlmp of Stretford, in the &id County: And that MV.. Afdertnah Didkihfon, Mr. Lozvhdes, and the Recorder 6f London, do prepare, And bring in, Vhe fame.

A Petition of the several Land-owners and Holders in the Neighbourhood of Reading and Nezobury, in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribqd, of behalf of themselves and the rest of the fended Interest; and a|so,

A Petition of the several Land-Owners and Holders in the Neighbourhood oiAbingdon and Wallingford, in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them selves and the rest of the landed Interest:

Were (everally presented to the House and read; containing several Reasons alleged by the Petitioners agg.iqft continuing the Prohibition of the Malt Distillery: And praying. That the Malt Distillery of this Kingdom mpy be again opened; under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet*

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred, to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to take into Consideration the State of the Distillery.

Ordered, That all have Voices who coUie to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Tithermeti trading to Billingsgate Market, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves and all others trading to that Market, is referred.

Mackworth Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to laclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inqlofing the common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, in the Parilli of Mackworth, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read.a Second time.

State of the Distillery.

Dhto.

fnonaity, and oilier (he Inhabitants, of the Town of Tdinxcorth, iii the Counties of Stafford and Warwick;

And also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Birmingham, in the said County of Wdnoick, and Burton iipoh Trent, in the said Couftty of Stafford, and the Parts adjacent to the said Towns, whose NArrtes are thereunto subscribed, ii referred.

Ordered, That Mr- Ofzvald be added to the Commit- WyeRi?er. tie’e, to whom the Petition of fevCrd Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and prihcijpal Inhabitants, of the Parish of G'odalniiWg, anil 0titer Adjacent Phrilhes, in the County iff Surrey, and also of several Parities in the County of Shufharhp'ton; And Also the Petition of the most cOh-siderable LAritf-bwrters arid TrAdet^ Inhabitants dftfti Towmk bf Feikbrtft, North Chappie, Kirdford, Lu’dgtf* sale, Fernhdrfi, Ijbdfvcorth, EafebOrne, 0)1'king. Titling-ton, Woolbedding, Stedham, Sullfiaih, Trot ton, Rogate, WoolTavingtbh, GYaffham, Burton, Dichdtoii, Bartuvih'g-ton, Sutton, Bighor\ Bicry, Coldivdtth am. Coals, Tittle* worth, Egdean, Hardham, and St of ham, in the Coubty of Sussex, and of several others, Gent lemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said County; are referred.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Turner’s to drffolve the Marriage of Exitperitis Turner Esquire, Dlvorcc-With Elizabeth Louisa his noiv Wife, and to enable him tb marry again 5 aldd for other Purposes therein mentioned; ivAs read the First timb.

Refolded, That the Bril be read a Second time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire Expiring tvlV^ LhWs Are Okj^ired, or near expiring, and to report L»w*. their Opinion to the House, ivhftih of them dre ‘fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed accoVdThgly of Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Bhcdh, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Kynajloft, Mr. Galthorpe, Mr. Pride, Sir John Philippi Mr. ‘Fuller, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Hewett, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bayntun, Sir James Creed, Mr. Page, Sir Robert Hild-ynrd, Mr. Harvey, Geo. Sabite, Mr. lilofe. Sir Fran* cis Poole, Mr. Rellowes, Sir Thbmas Palther, Mr. Thoro-ton, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkinfdn, Mr.

Stanley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Tozoiijhend, Mr. Cartwright9 Mr. Hanger, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Staiinton, Mr. Willes, Mr. ^Hammond, Sir John Iiujhnut,

Mr. Montagu, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Iiervey, Sir Charles Tifordaunt, Mr. Philipps, Mr. CcilvM, Mr. Chelwynd,

Mr. Drake, Mr. tVigley, Mr. Ll‘oyd\ and all the Gentle-Trtien of the Long Robe; and ati the Merchants of the Hou fe: And they1 are to meet th is Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Trent

Navigation.

Ordered, That all liav'e Voices who come to the Com-m it tee, to whem the Petition ofahe Bailiffs Vitfd Cdhi-

n

The Lord Royjfori reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition bffevetal OvVners and Occupiers of certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the Kle of 'Ely and Coiirities^of^Suffolk and Norfolk, Which are boinided as follows; that is to say, from Brandon Greek End, by the East B&nk Of the River^ Ouse, to PricktoiUoto Bridge. 'and from fhehce, along the North Banlc of Mlldctthdll River, to the Hard Lands of Mildenkall Rotes, and along the Skirts of the Hard Lands Of Afitdenhail Rows, to the Bank on the West Side of Peaver's Load or Ea'tfivell Brook, and then along the said Bank to Winter Load, and by Winter Load and Laken Heath Old Load, to 'Pldnt Load, and tbteh by Plant Load to the Fen Ground Oalled Arthinjtall, and through the said Ground, 'Ef/l Moor in Lakenheath, and Loteell Moor, to the Rank lately made by George Wright Esquire, near the Edge of Knight's Fed, and then, by the said Bank, to the Sduth Bank of Brahdod 'River, and Along the South Bank Of Brandon RiCOr to Brdndon Cretk's 'Frtd aforesaid; and also the Petition Of the Gb#r-b6r, Bailfffs, and Commonalty, of the Cdmpaivy <Jf CotifervAtbrs \if "the great Level Of the FeOs

called

MildeobS

Drainage.

33 Geo. II. 31

called Bedford Levels were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the fair! Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table i Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. Richard Dunlhorne and Mr. John Simpson, being examined, said, That the Lands within the Limits aforesaid contain above 20,000 Acres, which have been, for several Years past, almost constantly overflown with Water, and are of little or no Value; and that the same are capable of being drained, and thereby improved to the annual Value of 6 or 7 s. an Acre.

Mr. Richard Dunthorne further said, That there are many Hundred Acres of Adventure Land in the same District, which are vested in the Corporation of Bedford Level: That if the same were fold, discharged of all Arrears of Taxes assessed thereon by' the Acts of 15 and 20th of King Charles the Second, but subject to future Taxes payable by the said Acts, it would be a great Advantage to the said Corporation. -

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Ille of Ely, and Counties, of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenliall River, South, Plant Load, and Brandon River, North, bounded on the West by the -River Oitfe, and on the East by Winter Load, Earfzvell Brooke, and the Hard Lands of Mildenliall; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great I^evel of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands tying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly Called Inverted Lands: And that the Lord Royfton, the Lord Cary fort, Mr. Jenyns, and Mr. Fellowes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Members’ Ordered, Nemine Contfadicente, That Leave be given

Qualifications. to jn a gj|| (0 enforce, and fender more effectual, the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to fit in the House of Commons.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps, Mr. Alderman Beck* ford, Mr. Staunton, M r. Cartwright, Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir John Morgan, Sir Richard Glynne, Mr. Vyner, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Lozcndes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Craven, Mr. Pye, Mr. Foley, Mr. Holte, Mr. Barrow, M r. Grove, Mr. Drake, Mr. Whittington, Mr. Edward Smith, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Robert Bu?'-dett, Sir Thomas Stapleton, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Nathanael Curzon,imd Mr. Wigley, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

State of tfee The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Distillery. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Distillery;

Ordered, That all the Papers, which have been presented to the House in thisSession of Parliament, relating to Spirituous Liquors, and to the Duties upon Malt, and upon Beer and Ale, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till To-jnorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 28*

j° Februarii. 741

Veneris, 1° die Februarii;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

OMPLAINT being made to the TToiife of the Privilege printed News Paper* intituled, " The Public Actvertijer, Friday, February 1, 1760" printed and sold by W. Egel/ham; and also, of the printed News Paper,

intituled, " The London Chronicle, or Univerjhl Evening " Post, from Tuesday January 29, to Thursday January " 31, 1760," sold by J. Wilkie; and also, of the printed News Paper, intituled, " The Daily Advertiser, Friday

" February 1, 1760," printed for Matthew Jenour; and also, of the printed News Paper, intituled, " TheGazetteer, and London Daily Advertiser, Friday February tc 1* 1760," sold by C.Say, W. Owen, and F. Knight; as containing printed Accounts of the Proceedings of this House, in Contempt of the Order, and in Breaich of the Privilege, of this House;

JThe said Papers were delivered in at the Table.

And several Paragraphs therein were read.

Ordered, That the said W. Eglesham do attend this House qpon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said J. Wilkie do attend this house upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Matthew Jenour do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said C. Say, W. Owen, and JF*

Knight, do attend this House upon Monday Momftig next.

The Lord Villiers reported from the Committee, to Burton whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Brii?ge\&c* holders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Counties oa 8‘ of Stafford, Derby, Leicester, and Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Roads and Places therein after mentioned; and also the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of Polesworth, Grendon, and Dordon, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves and others using the High Road therein after mentioned; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

The Reverend John- Taylor L. L. D. and Mr. John Iremonger Steen, being severally examined, said, That the Roads describecl in the said Petition are in a ruinius Condition, and, in many Places, so narrow, that Two Carriages cannot pass: That the repairing the said ‘Roads:

will be of public Utility; but that they cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law'

To prove the Allegations of the Second Petition,

Mr. John Fowler, being examined, said. That the Road described in the said Petition is about Three Miles in Length: That it is in a very ruinous Condition, and, in some Places, so narrow, that Two Carriages Cannot pass by each other; and that the said Road cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, by the common Laws for repairing the Highways in this* Kingdom:

That the Inhabitants of Polesworth, Grendon, and Dorton, use the Markets and Fairs at Atherstone, and have frequent Occasion to go thither, with Carriages and Cattle, along the Road last mentioned, and do not go on the Road mentioned in the First Petition more than 1,200 Yards; and,

Mr. Michael Baxter, being examined, confirmed Mr. Fowler's Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Roads leading from Burton Bridge at or near Burton upon Trent, in the County of

9 C Stafford,

Trspaud and others Nat.

Nova Scotia*

Military

Appeittiiacuts.

742 i8 Februarii. A. 1760.

Stafford\ to Meq/ham, in the County of Derby, and from Petitioner is inserted in a Bill now before the House for thence to Market Bosworth, in the County of Leicester, naturalizing Peter Trapaud and others, by the Name of and from thenceto Hinckley in the said County, and from David Duveluz only; and alleging, that the Petitioner Belchiers in the Road betwixt Nelson and Ibflock, in the was baptized by the Names of David So mud IIenvy, and said County, to Hoophall near Market Bosworth afore- - the inferring the Petitioner’s Name in the said Bill said, and from Measham aforesaid to Filand, otherwise . David only was a Mi flake: And therefore praying, That Fieldon Bridge, near Atherfton, in the County of War- his Name maybe altered in the said Bill to David toick, and from Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford Samuel Henry.

and Warwick, to Market Bosworth aforesaid, and from , Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, thence, through Peckteton, into the most convenient

Part of the Turnpike Road leading from Earl Shilton Mr. William Gerrard Hamilton, from the Commis- Nova Scot' to Leicester aforesaid, and from Polejivorth Bridge, in the sioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the said County of Warwick, to the GuidePojl at the End of House, pursuant to their Order,

Pi?iwallLa?ie. where it joins the Road from Great Sheepy Account of Money paid and Charges incurred for

to Fieldon Bridge aforesaid: And that the Lord Villiers, supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Ma- Mr. Sandys, and Mr. Bayntun, do prepare, and bring jesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 17,58. in, the fame. And the Title of the said Account was read.

The Book containing the said Account is preserved A Petition of David Samuel Henry Duveluz was pre- . amongst the other Papers of this Session: And the

fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Abstract thereof is as followeth; viz.

GRANTED by Parliament, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Co-louy of Nova Scolia.

ACCOUNT of Money paid and Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1758.

For the Year 1758 Exceedings - -

£ 9’902 5 — - 5$5l 4 9

£-15*753 9 9

To Fees paid on Money received from the Receipt of

his Majesty’s Exchequer - - - - 26577

To Christopher Kilby Esquire, late Agent for Nova Scotia, on account of Fees by him paid on Money received from the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer - 682181

To Hire, Portlage Bills, and other Expences, at tending the Sloops and armed Vessels in the Public Service ... - - 3,386 a 11

To Salaries and Allowances to Civil

Officers.....2,945 6 —

To the Pay of Surgeons and Midwife and Expences attending the Hospital and Orphan House - - - 1,035 n 6 To Stores, Provisions, Materials, and other contingent Expences of Government - - 7,438 3 8

-----14,805 4 1

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Mr. William Gerrard Hamilton also reported from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, "That the Order of the House, made upon Tuesday Ialt, " That there " be laid before this House an Account of the Money " paid and Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova " Scotia from the ift of January 1759, to the 3iftof De~ " cember following," cannot at present be complied with, by reason the proper Officers in the said Colony have not transmitted any Account of the Expenditure, or any Vouchers for the Payment, of Money, for the Year 1759; but that, as soon as the Account and Vouchers shall be received, the Account shall be made up with all possible Dispatoh, and laid before the House.

And the said Report was read.

The House was moved, That the'Orders, made upon Tuesday the 22d Day of January last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon that Day Fortnight, to take into Consideration the Paper, intituled, " Lord Viscount Don ne, Lieutenant Colonel, " War Office, 30th November 1759," and for the Attendance of Lieutenant Colonel George Scott, and the

£-15*753 9 9

Agent to the Regiment of Foot commanded by the Right honourable the Earl of Home; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

The House being informed, that the Lord Doivne is now in his Majesty’s combined Army commanded by Prince Ferdinand, in Germany.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Paper intituled, u Lord Viscount Downe, Lieutenant Colonel, War " Office, 30th November 1759."

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel Geo. Scott do, upon this Day Two Months, attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Agent to the Regiment of Foot commanded by the Right honourable the Earl of Home, do attend the said Committee at the same time.,

Mr. George Onfoiopresented to the FIoufe, according Stoffo’d* to Order, a Bill to enable Henry Sfoffold and Robert Name. Stoffold Gentlemen, now called Henry An/to and Robert Austen, and their Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms o{Austen, instead of their own Surname and Arms, pursuant to the Will oi Robert Aujlen Esquire, deceased:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Seeoudtime. /.

Sir

j

33 Geo. II. i 40 743

"amworth, Sir Robert BurdeU reported from the Committee, to

fcc. Road, whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergymen, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, Derby, and Leicester, and of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Tamworth, and of the Town of Ashbij de la Zouch, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he react the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To proNe the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Richardson said, That he knows the Road leading from Tamworth to Ashby de la Zouch, which is deep and foundcrous, and many Parts thereof so narrow, that Carriages and Passengers cannbt travel through the fame, without great Inconvenience.

Mr. Frederick Pare said, he is well acquainted with the Road that leads from Ashby de la Zouch to Saivleij Ferry, which is deep and founderous, and several Parts so narrow, that it is with great Inconvenience and Danger, that Carriages and Passengers travel that Way.

And both the Witnesses further said, That the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Conrfe appointed by the Laws in being for amending the Highways, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads from the Borough of Tamworth to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and from Ashby dc la Zouch aforesaid to Sawlcy Ferry, in the said County: And that Sir Robert BurdeU and the Lord Villiers do . prepare, and bring in, the fame.

p , Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to

Roads. Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, passed in the 1 ith and 17th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing feyerai Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the Firli time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Hammeti’s Mr. Lyster presented to the House, according to Or-Mame. der, a Bill to enable James Hammett Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Hamlyn only: And the same was received; and read the First time. Rejoiced, That the Bill be read a Second time.

p . p Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to en-

Cornwall ble his Majesty to make Lea fes and Copies of Offices, Leases, &c. Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned: And that Mr. Bayntun, the Lord North, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Weji, and Mr. lluffey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Widening Ordered, That Sir William Calvert, Mr. Bolton, Sir London* Samuel Fludyer, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Kendrick Streets. Clayton, Mr. John B rift owe. Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr.

Recorder of London, Sir James Creed, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Zachary Phil ip Foncreau, Mr. Robert Cole-brooke, Mr. Geo. Caleb rooke, Mr. A my and, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Pole, Sir Robert Long, Mr, Belchicr, Mr. Fisher, Mr. John Marlin, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Hume, Mr. Kcfbilt, he added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, is referred.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ways Rejoiced, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

and Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Vol. 28.

Resolved, That thisHonfe will/upon Monday Mom- Supply; ing next, resolve into a Committtee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 40 die Februarii;

Anno 330 Georgii IP11 Regis, 1760.

Prayers,

T\AV1D Samuel Henry Duvelnz took the Oaths appointed in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill for natnra\\z\vigPete?'Trapa?i(l, NicholasBatfier, Xrapaud, &c« Christopher Battier, John Ralph Battier, Abel Mitz, Peter Nat! Aubertin, John William Smith, Gabriel Anthony Ernft,

Frederick Nicholas Graff, Emanuel Philip Bize, and David Duvcluz, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ky-fwjio/i, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Smith, General O/iJloio, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Drake, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Price, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Willes,

Mr. Bullock, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Probyn, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Hewett, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Finch, Sir Robert BurdeU, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Thoroton, Sir William Given, Mr.

Bankes, Mr. Moore: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of David Samuel Henry Duveluz be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Owffoa waste Grounds in the Manor and Constablery of Owston, Indofurt# in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo.

Savile, Mr Hewett, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Kynaston,

Sir JohnElwell, Mr. Smith, Sir James Crecd, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Olmius, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Drake, Mr. Finch, Mr. Carlzvright, Mr. Price, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Probyn, Mr.

West, Mr. Moore, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alexander, Sir Robert Burdtt.t, Mr.

Burrell, Sir William Owen, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr.Gore, Mr. Wilkes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Cumberland, Northumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Gatherlev whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Moor, &e. holders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and others, of the North Road*. Riding of the County of York, and also of the Gentlemen,

Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and others, of the County of Durham, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the jleport in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Ralph Lodge informed your Committee, That he knows the Road leading from the Turnpike Road upon Galherley Moor, in the County of York, to the Town of Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and also the Road leading from the said Turnpike Road near Small Ways, in the said County of York, cross the River Tees, to the Town of Winston, in the said County of Durham: That the said Roads are extremely bad, and in many Places

744

4° Februarii.

A. 17

very-narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

That it is very dangerous to attempt to ford the River Tees at Winston; and that the Witness, in endeavouring tocrossthe River, had been drove 100 Yards down the Stream, and was in great Danger of being drowned: That if a Bridge was built cross the said River, at the JTaid Ford, it would open a free Communication between the North-well Parts of Yorkshire, and the South-weft Parts of Durham, to the great Advantage of the Landholders there, and to the Public in general.

Ctotere*/, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road upon Gather ley Moor, near Didderjley Hill, to and through the Town of Caldwell, in the County of York, and from thence to and through the Town of IVinston, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Slaindrop, in the said County; and also for repairing the Hoads leading from the said Turnpike Road, near Small Ways, to and through the Town of Hutton Long Fillers, in the said County of York, and from thence to and through the Town of Ovington, to the Ford across the River Tees; and for building a Bridge across the said River Tees, near the Ford at IVinston: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Ilewett, and Mr. Wilks., do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the City of Hereford, and for repairing other Roads, in the County of Gloucester; and also of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders or Inhabitants of the said County of Gloucester; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Edward Driver, being examined, said. That he has been Clerk to the Trustees for repairing the said Roads 14 or 15 Years — That about £. 500 a Year has been expended upon the said Roads for many Years — That there is at present a Debt of above£. 700 on the Tolls; and that some Parts of the Roads are now almost impastable.

That the said Act, of the 20th of his present Majesty, does not impower the Trustees to borrow Money'; nor to punish Persons passing through private Grounds, to evade the Payment of the Tolls:

That the said Act is in many other Respects defective; and it will be impossible to repair the said Roads, unless the Term and Powers thereby granted are further enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of, and enlarging and altering the Powers granted by, an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading from the City of Gloucester towards the City of Hereford, and for repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucester, in the said Act mentioned; and for making the said Act more effectual: And that Mr. Barrow, Mr. Prolan, and Mr. Foley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Counties of Warwick and Leicester, whose Names are thereunto

subscribed, residing in and near the Places and Roads there-after mentioned; and also the Petition of the principallnhabitantsoftheTown of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, on the behalf of themselves and others, having Occasion toufe the Road therein-after mentioned; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in*his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. John Fowler, being examined, said, That the high Roads, in the said Petitions mentioned, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and that the said Roads cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Robert Hutchins confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the high Roads from Fajely Bridge to the Turnpike Gate at Nuneaton Gap, and from the Turnpike Road at the Turning, near the Harrow Ale House, to Lutterworth Hand, and from Shujlock Church End to Fieldun Bridge, and from the Arbour Hotjes at Mancctler Lane End, and from the Poor's Houses, near Over Whit acre Furnace End, to Nuneaton, and from Nuneaton to the Turnpike Road leading from Coventry to Harborough, and from the Guide Post, in Hinckley, to the End of Sketchley Heath Lane, in the Counties of Warwick and Leicester: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. EdzoardSmith presented to the House, according fjoty to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common u 0 and open Fields in the Parish of Huby, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Sulgra»e whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and Intlofwt common Field, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Parish, Township, and Liberties, of Sulgrave, in the County of Northampton, is committed, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Bonner:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Malt; and for raising the Sum of Eight millions by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances in the gauging of Corn making into Malt; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Earl of enable JohnfLa.v\ of Sandwich, Welbore Ellis Esqmve, and Sandwich. Robert Nugent Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, ca lon' ! and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the saidO/fice: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second time. forw.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aCommittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I House, upon the said Bill.

l7

Mr.

[arfton St.

awrence

iclosure.

aval Assent \o Bills.

Marion St. Lawrence Inclosure.

Privilege.

33 Geo. IL

L

t4$'

Mr. Cartwright presented to the Hdufe, according to Order, a Bill lor dividing and inclosing the common Field, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in Marston St. Lawrence, in the County of Northampton: And the same was re* chived; and read the First time.

A Message, by Mr.( Qaqrme, Deputy Gentleman XJ/lier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorised by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission for declaring his Royal Assent to an Act, agreed upon by both Houfps, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission afore mentioned, had been at the House of Peers: Where a Commission under the great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to One public Bill therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Koval Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Archbishop o['Canter bury, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill: And that the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, the Lord Privy Seal; and the Lord Anson, named also in the said Commission; did, by virtue of the said Commission, and also of his Majesty’s Commission for holding this Parliament, accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; which Bill is as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Malt; and for raising the Sum of Eight Millions, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances in the gauging of Corn making intoMalt; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Then Mr. Speaker opened the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Field, common Pastures* common Meadows, common Grounds, and wa(le Grounds in Marjton St. Lawrence, in the County of Northampton.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That W. Egelfliam, J. Wilkie, Matthew Jenour, C. Say, W.Owe?i, and F.Knight, attended, according to Order 5

The said W. Egetsham was called in; and the printed News Paper,intituled, "ThePublic Advertiser, Friday " February 1, 1760," printed and sold by W. Egelfiam, (which Paper, was, upon Friday last, delivered in at the Table) being shewn to him, at the Bar; he co.ufeffedthat he printed the said Paper; and expressed his Sorrow for his printing therein an Account of the Proceedings of this House; declaring that he did not know the same to be an Offence.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Then the said J. Wilkie was called in; and the printed NewsPaper, intituled, "The London Chronicle, or Universal Evening Post, from Tuesday January 29, to of Thursday January 31, 1760," sold by J. Wilkie (which Paper was, upon Friday last, delivered in at the Table) being lhewn to him, at the Bar; he confessed that he published the said Paper; and expressed his Sorrow for the fame; declaring that he did not know the same to be an Offence.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Then the said Matthew Jenour was called in; and the printed News Paper, intituled, " The Daily Advertiser, " Friday February 1, 1760,’* printed for Matthew Jenour, (which Paper was, upon Friday last, delivered in at the Table) being lhewn to him, at the Bar; he confessed

VOL.28.

that the said PapCtwa§ printed . for, fciiri; arid expressed-his Sorrow that an Account of the Proceediqgs ofthi

Hdufe had been printed therein: declaring that the same, were inadvertently copied by his Servant; when he was out of Town, from one of the Evening Papers. r

And then he was directed to withdraw,;

Then the said C. Say. W. Owen, and F. Knight, were called in; and the printed News Paper, intituled,

" Gazetteer,1 and London Daily Advertiser, Friday Feb.

"t, 1760,’’ sold by C. Say, W. Owen, and F. Knight

(which Paper was, upon Friday last, delivered jn^atT'he Table) being, at the Bar, lhewn to them, the said C. Sdjfr confessed that he printed the said Paper; and acknbw^ ledged that his having printed therein an Account of the Proceedings Of this House, was a great Fault; arid expressed his Sorrow for the fame; "4

Then the said F. Knight said; he bad no Concern in the said Paper; but that he only took iti Advertisem;eriti for it; which he faldhe had done "about a Week; ancfac-knowledged himself sorry that an Account of the Proceedings of this House had, been printed in the said Paper: And theirthe said W.OwenSnid; he knew nothing of the Account of the Proceedings, of this House being printed in thefa id Paper till he law the said Paper j bujt confessed himself sorry that it had been done.

., And then they were directed to withdraw. r

Resolved, That the said W. Egelfiam, having printed the Proceedings of thisHouse,jn Contempt of their Order, is guilty of a Breach of the ^Privilege of this House: , . , A

Resolved, That the said J. Wilkie, having printed the . Proceedings of this House, ih Contempt of their Order, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House. ’

Resolved, That the . said Matthew Jenour, haviftg printed the Proceedings of this House, in Contempt of their Order, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That the said C. Say, having printed the Proceedings of this House, in Contempt of their Or.det, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.- ..

IteJohed, That the said F, Knight, haVmgprinte.d 'thp Proceedings of this House, in Contempt of their Orders is guilty of* a Breach of the Privilege.of this House. f R folded, That the said. W. Owen, having printed the Proceedings of this House, in Contempt of their Order, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said W. Egel/ham, J. Wilkie, Mat* thezo Jenour, C. Say, F: Knight, and W. Owen, be now brought to the Bar of this House-; and be, upon their Knees, reprimanded'by Mr. Speaker; for their said Offences.; 1

They were brought in accordingly; and, upon their Knees, reprimanded by Mr.'Speaker: and discharged, paying their Fees.

A Bid.for dividing and inclosing the common Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Mackworth, in the County of Derby, was read a Second time.,

1Xtfblved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston,

Sir John Philipps, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Townshend, Lord Strange, Mr. Smith, Lord Middleton, Mr. Moore, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hill, Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Hewett* Mr. Geo. Onjhnv, Mr. Thoroton,

Lord Cary fort, Mr. Ridley, S\r Geo. Savile, Mr. Har-hard, Swjohn Gordon, Mr. Staunton, Sir Edmund Isham,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Price, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Whittington, Mr.

Jennings, Mr. West, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Robert . Burdett, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lyfler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Stafford, Leicester,

Wanoick, Lancaftgr, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clocki in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Or- Lutcbarp der, a Bill fojr dividing and inclosing the common Fields Inclosure. within the Parish of Luteham, abas Litcham, in the

Mackworth

Inclosure.

9 P

County

5* Februarii.

A. \7 60.

County of 'Norfolk ? and for extingtiifting the Rights of Common, or Shackage, in the said common Fields, and certain other Lands, in the said Parish, called Half Year Closes: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Chiflehurst Major General Cornwallis presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for veiling several Lands and u Tenements, in the Parish of Chiflehurst, in the County of Kent, given to charitable Uses, for the Benefit of the said Parish, in the Right honourable Robert Bertie Esquire, commonly called Lord Robert Bertie, and his Heirs; and for making Provision, of greater Value, infteaid thereof, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received and read the First time.

.Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Earfof An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Samtoich’i enable John Earl of Sandwich, Welbore Ellis Esqu ire, and Qualification. Robert Nugent Esquire, to take in Great Britain the Oath Of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify thenrselves for the Enjoyment of the said Office, was read the First time. Resolved, That the BiH be read a Second time.

Member Ordered, That Sir Armine Wodehouse, Colonel Toxvnff

Qualification, fond, Mr. Bagot, and Mr. Gibbons, be added to the Gen-'tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to enforce and render more effectual the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to lit in the House of Commons.

Maidftowe. Ordered, That Sir Francis Dafhwood be added to the fcc.Read. Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, cat the upper End of a Street, called Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a Place called Tub's Lake, in the Parish of Cranebrooke, in the said County.

State of the . Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Distillery. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Confederation the State of the Distillery,the ftefolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present high Price of spirituous Liquors is a principal Cause of the Diminution in the Home Consumption thereof, and hath greatly contributed to the Health, Sobriety, and Industry of the common People.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in order to continue for the future the present high Pride of all Spirit& used for Home Confomption, a large additional Duty belaid upon all spirituous Liquors whatsoever, distilled within, or imported into, Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be a Drawback of the said additional Duties upon all spirituous Liquors, distilled in Great Britain, which shall be exported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinkm of this Committee, That an additional Bounty be granted, under proper Regulations, upon the Exportation of all spirituous Liquors drawn from Corn in Great Britain.

The said Reflations, being severally read a Second 4ime, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Meansfor railing the Supply granted to^his Majesty,

H

The other Orders bf* the Day being read j Resolved, That this House will,’ upon Wednesday Ways Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the aniMea^ whole House, to consider ftirther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis,50 die Februarii;

Anno 33° Georgii IId» Regis, 1760,

Prayers.

ABILL to amend and render more effectual Two Defy Acts, passed in the 11 th and 17th Years of the Reign Ro*fc of his p'ressent Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Smith, Sii Lynch Salisbury Cotton,' Mr. Barikes, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Willes, Mr.:Hezvett, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fel-lowes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Poole, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. Sandys,

Mr, Lloyd, Mr. Moore, Mr. Qlmius, Mr. Hiffiy, Mr.

Legh, Mr. Folaj, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Drake,

Mr. Fane, Sir NathanaelCurzon, MyfDwroton, Sir Geo Savile. Mr. Hanger, Sir John Gordon, Fnv.ElUs Ciinliffe,

Sir John, Philipps, Mr. Chomley, Sir John Hynde Cotton,

Mr. Lowndes, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Admiral Griffin,

Sir Francis Poole, Lord Carysfort; and all -the Mena beds who serve for the Counties of Derby, Leicester, WarzoicJt, Nottingham, Stafford, apd Lancaster: And they are (to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, intlie Speaker’s Chamber.

A Billforinclosing and dividing the Moor or Common, Hunwkk called Humcick Edge, in the Manor of Bondgate and tnclosure. County of Durham, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Staunton, Mr. Bacon, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Moore, M r.Crafter,

Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Willes, Mr. Thoro (on, Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Cartzvright, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Clive, Mr. Fellotves, Mr. Legh, Mr. Fane, General CoYnzvallis, Mr.

Olmius, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Drake, Sir Geo.

Savile, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Loxvndes,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Waller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lancaster and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable James Hammett Esquire, and his Hammcrt Iffiie, to take and use the Surname of Hamlyn only, was Name, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyster,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wig ley, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Willes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Walter, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Robert Long, Mr; Hill, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Moore, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Clive, Mr. Rankes, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Drake, Mr. Foley, Admiral Holmes, Mr. Fuller-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cor me all, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mf. Edward Smith reported from 1 he Committee, to j^kicy, whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and prin- fcc. Road! Gipal Inhabitants of the County of Leicester, whote Names

are

33 Ge6. IL Februafiu r 74

rrre thereurito subscribed, refitting irianct nfear the Roads and Places thefein-after mentioned, on behalf of them-; selves and others, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-refeted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read 5 and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Henry R'ames, Surveyor, being examined, said. That the Roads mentioned in the said Petition are very ruinous, and, in the Winter Season, so deep, that they' are not passable for Carriages; that they are in many Places too narrow; and that they cannot be repaired by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law:

That if the said Roads were repaired it would be a great Advantage to the Country, as a Communication would be thereby opened with Five Collieries and many Lime-Pits.

A Mem her pre fen t confirmed Mr. Eames's Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the high Roads from Hinckley to XVoejull Bridge, and also from Hoo-Afi-Lane, through Old Land, and from Swannington, to Lee-Gutter, and from thence to Melburn Common, and from Ibfiock to Measham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby: And that Mr. Edward Smith and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

S?5merby Mr. Thoroton prefen ted to the House, according to L dosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields Of Somerby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

ChesterfieM, The Lord George Cavendish reported from the Com-&c. Road, jjittee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the County of Derby, refilling near, and usually travelling, the high Roads therein-after mentioned, lying in the County of Derby aforesaid, whose Names are there-under written; aftd also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the County of Derby, residing near, and usually travelling, the high Roads therein-after mentioned, lying in the County of Derby aforesaid, whqfe Names are there-under written; Hvere referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to t report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s, Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition?,

Mr. William Johnfonsaid, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, called Hernflone Lane Head Turnpike, near the Welt End of the Town of Clicjfleifield, in the County of Derby, to Matlock Bridge, in the said County, and aSide Branch,from the said Road leading out of the fame, over Darley Bridgem to the Turnpike Road leading from Nottingham to Njcwhpvcn, at aPlace called Cross Green, quid qJfo a Side Branch leading opt of the said last mentioned Road, from the High Moors to Rowejley Bridge, are become very deep and thunderous; and in many Parts so narrow, that Carriages and Passengers cannot pass without great Danger; and that the said several Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Methods prescribed by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road, near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield, to Matlock Bridge; and also the Road leading out of the said Road, on the High Moors, to Rotvejley Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road, over Darley Bridge, to Cross Green, in the County of Derby: And that the Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Thoroton, and Sir Nathaniel Curzon> do prepare, and briugin, the fame.

Vol. 28.

Ordered, Thai the Lord Stfitinge bfe ftAled so the Gen* Longam tlemenwhq ait appointed to prepare and bring in; a> LdoTur^ Bill, pursuant to the Prayer Of the Petition Of Ttomtl liejktth Eiquife, Edward'Weld Efohirfey Riehat'dCiky-ion Eftprifand Robert Mi^s Gentleman, Loads of the Manor of Long ton, in the County Of Lane after^ anddt divers other Persons, whose Names are thereunto scribed, being* Owners and Proprietors1 Of Land ill Longton aforesaid*: 1 ....

A Petition of tl$ |nh^i})itanis of the fevegal Counties jVy 00 of Pembroke, Cardigan, and Merioneth, whose Names Culm, are thereunto subscribed, was prefeuted to the Hffiife, and read; ^llegii^ That Limq being the ebief Manure for Land in the said several Counties, without which it will not produce any tolerable Crops of Corn, the Culm, which is used in burning the fame, as also the LUpe-Stone, are brought from Milfordl\we\), qnd the fewer Parts of the County of Pembroke, by Water, to thjp ' upper Parts of th^t Cotinty, and also to Cartiigafi/hirp 1 and Merwnethshire, where there are no Lime-Sfconfes, nor Veins of Culm or Coal; and further alleging, that the Petitioners are greatly aggrieved by being obliged to pay the Ddty upon such Culm; ' apil repVefentThg the great Difficulties and Expences which the Pqfcitr-oners allege they are put to, in procuring Culm for the afore-mentioned Purpose; and also representipg thfe good Consequences which, they allege, will arise, if thfe House would grant them Relief in the Pterpife?: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners to be eased of the said Duties, or that such other Relief shalt ' / be granted to them in the Ptemifes, as to the House shall seem meet. ‘

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon thp Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Quantities of Culm exported frohi the Culm Harbour of Milford, and the rest of the County of Pm-broke, and the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year, and the Places from whence, and to what Parts, such Exportations were made.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of African Forts Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be pre- _ *n<i 4 fented to the Hoofe; Sctdemcnu,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty haying been informed of the Contents of thfe said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was fought up, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have laid before tire House, an Account of the Sum granted jor 1758"; and setting forth, that the Petitioner? are now ihyefting the Money, granted in 1759, in Goods, Stores, and Nece£-faries, for the Support of the several ports upon tl}e Coast of Africa: And therefore praying the House to grant such a Sum, for the necessary Support thereof for the enfuing Year, as to the House shall feerri m^et.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of tile Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Foundling whole House, to take into further Consideration the Hofphal State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children. T

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Refoiutions; which they had direfeted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be receive^ upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr.

748 5 Febfuani.A, 176a

> >j Mr. Bacon aljfe acquainted the floufe, T^t he

- - \ nljr^ed by the Committee to move, thatthey may have

I^ve to fit agam.

Resolved, That this House,; will, Upon FridaySe-yennight^the 15th Day of this* instant February, resolve fcfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and de* ferted young Children. :.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ' v ' Morning, Nine of the Clock.

.in _ -

i,-. — ----- I. , ----- r--

Mir cur it, 6° die Februarii j

Anno 33° Georgii II41 Regis,. 1760. ’Prayers.

Gloucester, f\RDERED, That Mr. Hayward be added to the Icc. Roads. Gentlemen, who are appointedi to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for continuing the Term of, and enlarging and altering the Powers granted by, an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for. repairing apd widening certain Hoads, leading from the City of Glouc^ler towards the City of Hereford, and for repairing other Roads, in the County of Glou-cqfer, in the said Act mentioned; and for making the saidAS mordefieSpal.

-Coomb Bow - Ordered, That Mr. Harris of A/hburton be added to Bridge the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring Roads. Bill} for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the high Roads leading from Coomb Bow Bridge, in the P^rifhof Thrujhelton, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Launceflon, to Hale-worthy, in the County of Cornwall, and from Pennigil-, , lam Pool to Trekellearn Bridge, and from Launcejton

: . > aforesaid to Grefion Bridge, and from Laburnick Cross to Jonas's Shop, and from Page's Cross to Hurdon Water, in the County of Cornwall

6akhampton Ordered, That Mr. Harris of Ashburton be added to Roads, the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring

in, a Bill for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon.

Trapaud’s Mr. Kynafon reported from the Committee, to whom N«. the Bill for naturalizing Peter Trapaud, Nicholas Battier, Christopher Battier, John Ralph Battier, Abel Mitz, Peter Aubertin, John William Smith, Gabriel Anthony Ernjt, Frederick Nicholas Graff, Emanuel Philip Bite, and David Duveluz, was committed; and to whom the Petition of David Henry Samuel Duveluz was referred; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had considered the said Petition; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntq; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: V?here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendme nt be ingrossed.

Longto* The Lord Strange presented to the House, according fedofare. to Order, a Bill for inejofing divers Parcels of waste Grounds, or Commons, in Longton, in the County of Lancaster; and for enjoying Part thereof as a Hinted Pasture,until the Inclosure of the fame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

BeaconsfieM, The House was moved. That the Petition of several «cc. Road, of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his Majesty’i Reign, intituled,

An Act for enlarging the Term kriti Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxon; and of several Freeholders and other Inhabitants of the said County, which was presented to the House upon Friday the 25th Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis DaJhwood, Mr. Waller, Mr. Grove, Mr Fane, Mr. Craven, Mr. Price, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Smith, Sir John Gordon, Mr. FelloweSyS’ir Geo. Savile, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Gore, Mi*. Kynafon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Wilkinson,

Mr. Trifl, Mr. Willy, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Plumplrc, Mr. Webb, Mr. Hewett, Lord Strange, Mr. Hammond, Lord Middleton, Mr. Sanctus, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Tucker; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Middlesex, Gloucester, Northampton, Worpefer, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, BarM common Pastures, common Meadows, waste Grounds, hicioiuie. and commonable Lands, in the Parish of Barf or d, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second t ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grove,

Mr. Bacon, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Smith, Sir William Beauchamp Prodlor, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynafon, Sir James Creed, Mr. Plumptre,

Sir Lynch Saiijbuiy Cotton, Mr. Probyn, Sir James Cole-brooke, Mr. Moore, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Scott,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Thoroton, Nlv. Walter, Mr. Hewett, S\rGeo. Dalfone, Mr, Fane, Lor^ Strange, Mr. Fuller,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Butler, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Tucker, Mr. Willes, Mr. Powell, Mr Gore, Mr. Hammond, Mr Coventry, Mr, Yorke, Mr. Cartwright; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Oxford, Northampton, and Leicester: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, io the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tumer’i to dissolve the Marriage of Exuperius Turner Esquire Divorce, with Elizabeth Louisa his now AVife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That, the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refdhtedt ThaHlra House Kirill, upon Tomorrow Se-' ventlight, resolve itfelflhto a*Committee of the whole Hdrife, upon the said Bill;1 '*

Ordered’That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they Jd6 hear Cotmfel, and examine Witnesses for the f&MBift, 'ahd also that they do hear Counfel/and examine Witnesses,1against the said Bill, if the Parties'concerned thinlc fit to be heard by Coun-fel, or to produce Witnesses. v

The Lord Middleton reported from the Committee, to WveRiif whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parilli 0i'Godal- I

?ning, and other adjacent. Parishes, in the County of Surrey, and also of several Parishes in the County of Southampton; and also the Petition of the moll considerable Land-owners and Traders, Inhabitants of the Towns of Pelioorth, Norihchapple, Kirdford, Lurgufale, Fcrnkurst,

Lods worth, Eafeborne, Cocking, Tillington, Woolbedding, Stidham, Sullham, Trotton, Rugate, Woollavington, Graff-ham, Burton, Dunfton^ Barlavington} Sutton, Big nor,

33 Geo. It. 6° Feiruarii.

Bury, Coldwaltham, Coats, FittlMorfh, Egdean, Hard-ham, and Stopham, in the county of <SV^£.r, and of several others. Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said County; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had direSted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his PJace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

 An Act of Parliament, passed in the n& and 23d Years of the Reign of Kin gCharles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling and preserving the Navigation of the River Wei), in the County of Surrey, was read.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners called,

Mr. Richard Stedman: Who, being examined, said. That the River Wey is navigable from Guildford to the Thames, at Wey Bridge; and that it is very practicable to continue the Navigation up to Godalming, which is about Fout* Miles from Guildford: That he has surveyed the River, and thinks there are no more Obstructidns than are common in all Navigations.

Mr. John Smeaton said, That he has been frequently employed in making Rivers navigable; and that he has surveyed the River Wey, from Guildford to Godalming, which he takes to be about Four Miles: That the River is very capable of being made navigable for £. 5,000; in which he includes £.800, for contingent Expences; but that there is an Alteration necessary to be made at Guildford Bridge, which will make an additional Expence of £.600: That there are no particular Inconveniences attending this Navigation, which he thinks as practicable as any other.

Mr. Thomas Wilkinson said, That he lives at Godal-viing; and that the CountryTen or Twelve Miles to the Shuth and South-eastof that Totvn abounds with Timber: That if the River was made navigable from Guildford to Godalming, there would be a Saving of 2$. 6d. in the Carriage of each Load of Timber in the Space of Five Miles, viz. from Godalming to Guildford; and if the Timber was brought from Eight Miles South of Godalming to Guildford, 4 s. would be saved in the Carriage of every Load, allowing is. per Load for Water Carriage: That there will be the same Kind of Saving in the Carriage of Chalk, which will come to is. 6 d. cheaper from Guildford Pit to Godalming than at present, allowing 15*. 6d. per Load for Water Carriage, of Chalk, which would make a Saving of gos. in every Kiln of Lime: That more than Half of the Timber brought to Guildford comes through Godalming; and that there are great Quantities of Timber left on Commons, which cannot be brought to Guildford in One Day; and at present there are near 3,000 Loads on Hambledon Common, and Places adjacent, which might ba brought to Godalming inOne Day, if the Navigation was made, which would save the Expence of loading and unloading, which occasions great Delay, and colls is. per Load.

Upon the 2d mentioned Petition,

Mr. John Holies said. That he lives at Lodfworih, in Sussex: That if the River Wey was made navigable from Godalming to Guildford, it would ihorten the Land Carriage from the several Parishes mentioned in the Peti-. tion, so that the Farmers, who are now obliged to lay out a Night with their Carriages, might return home in Ope Day, by which 6 5*. or 7s. would be saved in each Journey: That about 4 s. a Load would be saved in the Carriage of Timber, Charcoal, Meal, and oth^r Things: That Chalk may be had at Godalming for 3 s. 6 d. per Load by Water Carriage, which would be a Saving of 6 s. or 7 s. a Load on all the Chalk which the Witness is obliged to carry to an Estate he now occupies at Lurgu-falc\ and that there would be a Saving of bet ter than 50$. in each Kiln of Lime: That the completing the said Navigation will be a general Benefit to the whole Country, from the South, South-east,and South-weft of Godalming: That the Advantages would extend i6*or 17 Miles from

VoL_2

Godalming; for they are obliged, frorntfe t>iftance to Guildford, to drop Timber on Waites, which occasions Expence in reloading, and a considerable De^y* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending and continuing the Navigation of the Rfcer Wey, otherwise Wye, in the County of Surrey, to t|jp Town of Godalming, in the said County; And that Lord Middleton, Mr. Townjkend, Mr. Mofe Fuller, Mr. Butler, Mr. Oswald, and Mr. Webb, do prepare, gnd bring in, the fame. r

Ordered, That there he laid before this House; an Account of the Quantity of British Sugars imparted, into, and exported from, these Kingdoms, for Three Years lad past; distinguishing each Year; ljkewife the> Place from whence imported; and what Quantity raw, and what Quantity of refined, were exported, during those Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House^.fP; Account of the Quantities and Price of Malt Spirits fold and delivered for the Use of his Majesty's Nay, from, Christmas 1752 to Christmas 1756; distinguishing eaclv Year.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr, Sneaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Charlton reported from the.Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they ^ad directed him to report, when the House will pfe^fe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wljqle House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surpluses, stated the 5th April 1759, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses, Hated the loth October 17^9, be referred to the said Committee.

Them the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this /House will, upon Friday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Morning, Nine of the Clock.

To-ipgrjr^r

Sugars , . imported.

Account of Malt Spirits*

Ways and Means,

r v :?

Supply,

759 7° FebruariL v A. 1760*

yvviS) die Febrtiarii;

Anno 33* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760.

" ?RAtEIl8. I-

Clerk, *Y ./TR. ^P63^1* acquainted the House, That the Cleric Assistant, &c. iVl Affiltant’s Illness continued; and that Jeremiah Jhjfon Esquire, Clerk of the House, is also indisposed;

Ordered, That Mr. Stracey do attend, and assist at the Table.

Salford The Recorder of London presented to the House, ac-Cual. Cording to Order, a Bill to enable the most Noble Francis

Duke of Bridgewater to vary the Course of a navigable Cut or Canal, authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, by making such Cut or Canal to, and conveying the same over, the River Dwell, at or near Barton Bridge, and from thence to the Town of Majichqfler, in the County Palatine of Lanqajter; and :iv t6 extend a Branch from such Cut or Canal to or nea^ Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the {kid Comity: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Monday Sevennight, the 18th Day of this instant February.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr* Bonner:

Mr. Speaker,

tSoodflefli’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Divorce, ditfolve the Marriage of Mark Goodjtefh Gentleman with Elizabeth Fielding his now Wife, and to enable him tb marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Trapaud's, An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Peter Trapaud, &c. Nat. Nicholas Battier, Chrifioper Battier, John Ralph Battier, Abel Mitz, Peter Aubertin, John William Smith, Gabriel Anthony Ernjt, Frederick Nicholas Graff, Emanuel Philip Bize, and David Duveluz, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Peter Trapaud, Nicholas fattier, Christopher Battier, John Ralph Battier, Abel Mitz, Peter Aubertin, John William Smith, Gabriel Anthony Ernjt, Frederick Nicholas Graff, Emanuel Philip Bize, and David Samuel Henry Duveluz.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ways Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which every Licence for making and felling Measures of Capacity, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Ten Pounds be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which every Licence for making and felling ,ef Weights, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That the Resolutions of the House, of the Second Day of June 1758, relating to

Weights and Measures*, and which, upon the- 10th Dajr of December last, were read, might be. again read :.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Resolutions of the House, of the 12th Day of April last, relating to Weights and Measures, and which, upon the 10th Day of December last, were read, might be again read:

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Resolutions of the House, of the 19th Day of December last, relating to Weights and Measures, might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the said Resolutions of the pd Day of June 1758, the 15th Day of April last, and the 19th Day of December last; \

and also upon the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole. House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and which were agreed to by the House; And that the Lord Carysfort, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Nugent, Sir George Savile,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hewett, Mr. White,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Admiral Dickinson, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Chetwynd, the Lord North, Sir John Philipps, and Sir John Rushout, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Goorffleflfc to dissolve the Marriage of Mark Goodflejh Gentleman Divorce, with Elizabeth Fielding his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Henry Stoffold and Robert Stoffold, StoffoM’i Gentlemen, now called Henry Aujlen and Robert Aujlen, Name, and their Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Aujlen, instead of their own Surname and Arms, pursuant to the Will of Robert Aitflen Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Geo.

Onslow, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Lyjler, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bowes, Me.

Wilkes, Mr. Fuller, John Philipps, Mr. Fane, Gene-

ral Onslow, Mr. Harvey, Lord Strange, M r. P{umpire.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Sir Thomas Palmer,

Mr. More, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Fellowes,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Price, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Lloyd; and all the Mem bers who serve for the Counties of Surrey and Suffer: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the SpeakerV Chamber.

A Petition of the several Freeholders and other Inha- Beaconsfield, bitants living near and usually travelling the Road from &c. Roai Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxford, whose Names are thereunto

subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Freeholders and Inhabitants residing near the said Road, was presented to the House, and read, alleging. That a Petition has been presented to the House, for a Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, made in the 9th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term an,d Powers of a former Act, for repairing the said Road, and for One other Purpose in the said Petition mentioned; and further alleging, that no Power is given by either of the said Acts, for altering or turning any Part of the said Road, which is found to be absolutely necessary, in order to make the same complete, and may be done without any Inconvenience; and that, in order effectually to repair the said Road, and keep the same in Repair for the future, feme other Powers are likewise necessary, than what are contained in the said Acts; And therefore praying. That in the Bill prayed for by the said Petition such other and further Powers may be included, as may effectually answertbe Purposes by the said former Acts intended; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered»

Accounts of Branay>&c.

S»ppJ}!>

3 3 Ge& II. 7°

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 5th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road ham Be aeons field, in the County of Backs, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxoh, and of several Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the said County is referred: Aud that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it fliatf appear to them, to the House.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland,attended at the Door, '

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Brandy and Spirits imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from CJmJtmus 1758 to Midsummer 1759; and also, An Account of Spirits carried Coast-wife from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, from Ihp 25th December 1746 to Michaelmas 1759; distin-£uishing each Year, and the several Kinds of Spirits. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be pernfed by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-four thousand Seven hundred Thirty-six Pounds Seven Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1759, of the several Rates and Duties jipon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund by an Act 310 Georgii 2dI, for paying Annuities, at the Bank of England, in respect of Five millions, borrowed towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-four thousand One hundred Forty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence* be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day oijuly 1759, of the Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes imported, and an additional inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate, to answer Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, charged thereupon, pursuant to the Act 32 Georgii 2.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Seven hundred Fifty-two Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1759, of the Duties on Glass and spirituous Liquors, to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 190 Georgii

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Six hundred Fifty-one Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sink-iner Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make VojL. 28.

75*

good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 17591 of the additional Stamp Duty, Duty on Licences for retailing Wine, Duty on Coals exported, and Surplus of the Duty on Licences for retailing spirithous Liquors, made at Fiind by an Act 30 Georgii 2. for paying Annuities, at the Bank of England, after the Rate of /3 per Centum, on Three millions, as also the Life Ahnuities, payable at the Exchequer, and otherCharges thereupon.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, , agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose Fuller do make the Repbrt Foundling from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Hospital. was referred to take into further Consideration the State* of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children.

Mr. Rose Fuller accordingly reported from the said Committee the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Marin# to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Fows* upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.:

And the said Order being read accordingly

Refolded, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole*

House, upon the said Bill*

Mr. Cartwright, according to Order, reported from Sulgrav# the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in- Inclosure. closing the open and common Field, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable I^ands, within the Parish, Township, and Liberties, of Sulgrave, in the County of Northampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee,except Thomas Blencowe Esquire, Christopher Cooke, Watgrave Mooref and Henry Ash, whose Property con fills of Seven Yard Lands, and Three Quarters, and Five Sixths of a Yard Land; who, on being applied to, said, they had no Objection to the Bill, and wished the same might pass into a Law; but refused to sign the fame; and except John Blencowe Esquire, whose Property conlifts of Two Yard Lands and a Half, who refused to sign the Bill; but said* he would not oppose the fame; and also except Lydia Jackson, Ann Lord, Sarah Edwards, Robert Pargiter, and Robert Wilfdon, whose Property consists of Twelve Yard Lands and a Half, and One Sixth of a Yard Land* who refused to sign, the Bill; and that the whole Fields intended to be inclosed consist of Seventy-one Yard Lands and an Half; and also of certain Impropriate and Vicarial Tythes, rated at Twelve Yard Lands and a Half; and also a certain Meadow, called Inmead, and a few odd Lands, rated at Two Yard Lands, the Proprietors of which have signed the Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill, except John Lord, on behalf of himself and the said Ann Lord his Wife, and Lydia Jackson (who, the said John Lord alleged, are Lords of the Manor of Sul-grave, wherein it appeareth, upon Evidence, that ther£ is not any waste Ground) and also on behalf of the other Persons who have signed a Petition to this House, against the Bill; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afc ter wards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table-; -

Gritted,

75* Februarii. " A. 1760;

Ordered, That the Report be now read.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of John Lord, Clerk, Lydia Jackson Widow, Sarah Edwards Widow, Robert Wilfdon, and Robert Pargiter, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard; and examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in fopport of the Allegations of the said Petition; and went through the Evidence for the Petitioners.

Then the Counsel for the said Bill were heard; and examined a Witness; and went through the Evidence in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners against thfe said Bill, was heard, by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exchanging the Town Land, and for the electing of new Commissioners. vv~ And the saidGlause was twich read, with Blanks; Which were filled up; and the fawl Clause was amended.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Billy

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo ingrossed.


And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

»>i n - . — ..- ----- -....

Veneris, 8° die Februarii;

Anno 33* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1760.

Pray ms.

Marston A BI LL for dividing and inclosing the common "ft.Lawrence Jljl Field, common Pastures, common Meadows, Inclosure. Corhmon Grounds, and tvafte Grounds, in Marfion St.

Lawrence, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cart-Hvright, Mr. Smith, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Poore, Sir William Owen, Mr. Hume, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Pye, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Townshend, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Hewett, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hanger* Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Calvert, Mr. BeIchier, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Clive, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Tempefi, Mr. Calthorpe; Mr. Jennings, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Watson, Mr. Legh, Mr. Vernon, Sir Geo. Dal-Jtonj Sir Thomas Stapleton, Sir John Philipps, §\r Armine Wodehouse, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Robert Bur del t; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Bucks, Leicester, Warwick, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Making A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Spirit* from Mahufe&urers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town Of Wheat, &c. Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House several good Consequences which, the Petitioners allege, have artfen from the Prohibition of making Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain1, and'frorrt Meal, Flour, and Bran; and alleging, that the Petitioners have just Reason to fear, that should such Prohibition be taken off, without ProYifion or ‘ >4

Restriction being iriade, that tVifl prevent the? perbicrous Abuse of such Liquors, it will probably be attended with fatal Consequences to the Trade of that Town;

And therefore praying the House to make such Provi* lions and Restrictions, to prevent the pernicious Abuse of such Liquors, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the TaWe.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, ptm suant to their Address to his Majesty; Officer^c.

A Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intituled to receive Half-pay, iii Gi'eat Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge therto£ for the Year 1760.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse, Guards, t and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1760.

And the Titles of the said Lift and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the said Lift and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Lift and Estimate are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

Ordered, That Daniel Booth Esquire do attend this Pfrfowte House upon Wednesday Morning $ext.

Ordered, That Samuel Rosse Esquire do attend thi*

House upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Henry Goodwin Esquire do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That J. Scott Esquire do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Hale do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next;

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Hilifcr, fc. Whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, and of the several Parishes of Rochdale and Burnley, in the County of Lancaster, whose Name* are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame,ais it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is asfolfbweth -,viz:

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. William Greenwood, being examined, said, That the Roads leading from Halifax, by Todmerden, to Burnley, and to Littlebrough, in the said Parish of Rochdale, are in many Parts extremely rough and ruinous, and in other Parts very steep, hilly, and narrow: That it is impassable for Wheel Carriages; and that the same *nay be rendered commodious, by deviating from the present Road; and that the altering, repairing, and widening, the said Roads will be of public Utility, which cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Abraham Gibson confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Greemvood.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Halifax, in the County of York, by Todmerden, to Burnley and Littlebrough, in the County of Lancaster: And that Sir George Savile,

Mr. Bowes, Mr. Hewett, and Mr. Wilk infon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt be added to the South Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring Inclosure. in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors, of Lands, in the open and common Fields of Southern, in the County of Warzcick.

A Bill

frotham Icath, &c. oad.

Hoby

Inclosure.

Lntcham

Inclosure:

Hnnwick

incloi'ure.

Ways and Mean3.

33 Geo. If.

A Bill for extending the Bovvers granted by an Act*, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the ttoyal Oak, on Wroiham Heath, to the Town of Wroth am, in the County of Kent, and from thence to the Village of Foots Cray, in the said County, to the Road leading from the Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Mnidilone, was read a Second time.

Re/hived. That, the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit-worth, Mr. Bagol, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Pye, Mr. Legh, Mr. IJewett, Sir Geo. Dalstone, Mr. Martin, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Wittes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr., £///.y, Mr. Moore, Sir Francis Pooley Mr. Felloives, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Wat fan, Mr, Bankes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ridley, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Smith, Sir Wm. Codring ton, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Grenville, Mr. More, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Barrow; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Sujffex, and Middlesex; and for the Cinque Ports: And they' are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields, in the Parish of Hoby, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Smith, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Watson, Mr. Moore, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Townshend,

Sir Wm. Codring ton Mr. Hamilton, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Edmund 1/ham, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Drake, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Martin, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Pye, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Sandys,. Mr. Bowes, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hezoett, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Clive, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Cholmlay, Mr. Butler, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Bayntun; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, Derby, Warzvick, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields within the Parish of Lutcham, alias Litcham, in the County of Norfolk -, and for extinguishing the Rights of Common or Shackage in the said common Fields, and certain other Lands in the said Parish,. called Half Year Closes; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Smith, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bankes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Staunton, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Ridley, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Clive, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Forrefier, Mr. Gore, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Hewett, Mr.

Calvert, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Ly/ler, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Freeman, Mr. West, Mr. Ptrice, Mr. Cart- ter ight, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Marlin, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Hammond, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Hume, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Jennings. Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Warren; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Moor or Common,czBeAHunwick Edge, in the Manor of Bondgate and County of Durham, is conamitledv

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Taifing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Vol. 28.

75i

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation of iooi Light Cavalry, the T coops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, for 366 Days, from the 25th Day of December 1759, to the 24th of December 1760, both Days inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation of Four Squadrons of Hunters and Hussars, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hefjc Cassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1759, to the 24th Day of December 1760, be referred to the; said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation of Five Battalions to the King’s Army in Germany, each Battalion confiding of One Troop of Dragoons of 101 Men, and Four Companies of Foot, of 125 Men in each Company, with a Corps of Artillery,; for 366 Days, from the 25th December 1759, to the.

24th December 1760, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That1 they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pkafev to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday>

Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may haver Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole.

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his<

Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the; Foundling Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Hospital, whom it was referred to take into further Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children.

And the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as lolloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the general Admission of all Children indiscriminately, under a certain Age, into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to be maintained there at the public Expence, has been attended with many evil Consequences, and ought to be prevented.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Children should be received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, after the Twenty-fifth Day of March next, to be there maintained at the public Expence.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hexvett have Leave to make a Ditto. Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed-and deserted young Children do prepare, and lay before this House, an Estimate of the Expence of maintaining such Children, as are now living, under the Carexif the

9 F feid

8° Febrttarii.

Weaver

Navigation.


54' 80 — 110 Februarii. i n6o.

aid Governors and Guardians, until the 31st Day of December 1760.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 110 die Februarii;

Anno 33* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1760. Reavers.

THE Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners appointed by and in pursuance of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for rtiaking the River Weaver navigable, from Frodsham Bridge to Winsfard Bridge, in the County of Chester, and of several Gentlemen, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the said County, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for making the River Weaver navigable, from Frodsham Bridge to Wins-ford Bridge, was read: And,

Mr. John Barrow, being examined, said, That the River Weaver was made navigable in pursuance of the said Act, and that the Navigation was once very good; but that One Lock is quite destroyed, by the falling in of the Koof of a Salt Rock Pit, which was funk by the Proprietor of the Land near the Lock, and worked under the Bed of the River.

Mr. Thomas Kent, Clerk to the Commissioners for executing the said Act, being examined, said. That One Half of the said Lock is fallen into the Rock Pit, and there buried: That the Lock is destroyed, and cannot be repaired or rebuilt in the same Place; and that it will cost above a thousand Pounds to erect a new Lopk, as he apprehends:

That Persons using the Navigation frequently damage the Works, by running their Vessels again (I them:

That the Ad is defective in many Respects, particularly, that there is not any Method appointed for the Recovery of Satisfaction for the Damage done by the Destruction of the said Lock, or for any other Damages of the like Nature; and that the present Undertakers cannot support Actions with respect to Damages done to the Works of the Navigation, such Undertakers not having any legal Property therein: That there is not any Penalty on Persons sinking Boats, and leaving them so as to obstrud the Navigation: That the Commissioners have noControui over the Undertakers, with respect to the making or maintaining the said Navigation: That there is not any Penalty on Persons unnecessarily opening, or leaving open, the Locks: That the Owners of Vessels are not obliged to set their Names, or mark the Tonnage, on their Vessels; and that the Commissioners have not Power to make By-laws or Orders for regulating the said Navigation.

Mr. Barroxo, being again examined, confirmed Mr. Kent's Evidence in respect to the several Defects in the Ad.

Then several Clauses in the said Act were read; setting forth. That after the said River was made navigable, the Highways leading to the said River, between Frod-sham Bridge and Winsford Bridge, would be more used by Carriages bringing Salt and Salt Rock, to be conveyed on the said River, and consequently the Expences of repairing inch Highways would become a greater Burthen to the Persons who are to repair the same than theretofore; and enading, that after the said Navigation

14

should be completed, and all the Expenses attending the fame, and all Money borrowed on the Credit of 1 lie said Act, fully paid and satisfied, that so much of the clear Produce of the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act, as the Justices, at their Quarter Sessions, should think fit, should be employed in amending the said Roads: And,

Mr. Barrow, being again examined, said, That there is not any Road to the North Side of Witton Bridge (were that Part of the Navigation terminates) but by Witton Brow, which is at present very dangerous:

That, by the sinking of the Roof of a Salt Rock Pit,

Part of the said Road fell in, and the Remainder is now so narrow, that a Cart can hardly pass along it; and that if the said Road was repaired, or a new Road made, great Quantities of Salt would be brought that Way to the Navigation.

And both the Witnesses said, That it will be impossible to improve and preserve the said Navigation, unless the said Act be amended and rendered more effectual.

And Mr. Barrow, added, That he thinks the most proper Method to improve the Navigation would be, to put it under the Direction of the Commissioners and Trustees: And that he apprehends, it could not be carried on so well if it were made private Property.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for making the River Weaver navigable, from Frodsham Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the County of Chester; and for the more effectual preserving and improving the Navigation of the said River: And that the Lord Strange, Mr. Thoroton, and Mr. Grosvenor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Cartxvright reported from the Committee, to Stoke whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Exe- Goldings cution the several Acts of Parliament, now in Force, for repairing the Highways between the House, commonly called the Horse Shoe House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton; and from the North Bridge of Nezv-port Fag net, in the County of Bucks, to the said HorJh Shoe House; and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Counties of Northampton and Bucks, residing near the said Highways, whose Names are thereunto set; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it inatthcClerk’sTable:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The several Acts, of the 8th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Arne, the 9th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the 15th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, were severally read; by which it appeared, that several Tolls and Powers were granted for several Terms, all which will expire on the lft of April 1766.

Then an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, was read; whereby the said Tolls and Powers are further continued lor the Space of Five Years: Then,

Timothy Bogers Esquire produced to your Committee the Trustees Books, whereby it appeared, that there wai due, upon the Credit of the said Tolls, the Sum of £. 900; and that the Account of Receipts and Disbursements of the said Toils, for the last Ten Years, was «s follows: £. s. d.

Total of the Receipts - - 2,626 © iof

Total of Disbursements - 2^587 to

So that there only remained a Saving of 38 10 2 in Ten Years.

And.

lommitttts*

Shore ham Harbour.

Scmerby

loclosure*

fWons to attend the llmfe.

3 3 Geo. II. 110 Pebruatits753 '

And he added, th&t llifc ^olis fcolle&ed, and Money Orders, That Mr. Andrew Pahkethmctn do attend > borrowed upon the Credit thereof, had been duly ap- this House upon Wednesday Morning next, plied towards repairing the said Roads; yet great Part , Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Evans do attend this thereof, particularly between Northampton and Nezv- House upon Wednesday, Morning next. jyort, ar&in a very bad Condition, the Materials for Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stevens do attend this

repairing the same lying at a great Didance; and that House upon Wednesday Morningnext. jt will be impofllble to amend the said Roads, and re- Ordered, That Mr. Finley do attend this House

pay the Debt owing on the Credit of these several Acts, upon Wednesday Morning next* unless the said Term be enlarged and the Tolls increased. Ordered, That Mr. Scovdl do attend this House

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for upon Wednesday Morning next, enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts Ordered, That Mr. James Johnson do attend this

of Parliament, of the 8th Year of her late Majesty Queen House upon Wednesday Morning next.

Anne, the Ninth Year of his late Majesty King George Ordered, That Mr. John Sabatier do attend this

the First, and the 15th Year of his present Majesty's House upon Wednesday Morning next.

Reign, for repairing the Highways between the House, Ordered, That Air. John Baker do attend this House

Commonly called the Horse Shoe Hoilfe, in the Parish upon Wednesday Morning next, of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Ordered, That Mr. Peter Ccvthpart do attend this Town of Northampton; and the Road from the North House upon Wednesday Morning next.

Bridge of Newport. Pagrtel, in the County of Bucks, to Ordered, That Mr. Hinde do attend this House

the IJorfe Shoe House: Anti that Mr. Cartwright and upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Frederick Montague do prepare* and bring in* the Ordered, That Mr. Charles Merry do attend this fame. Houseupon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. John Sharratt do attend this Ordered, That all Committees be revived. House upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. John Bradshaw do attend this Ordered, That Lord Strange, Lord Middleton, be add- House upon Wednesday Morning next, ed to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Con- Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Mills do attend this

stable and Inhabitants of the Borough of Nero Shoreham, House upon Wednesday Morning next, in the County of Suffer, and of several Persons, Inliabi- Ordered, That Mr. John Rose do attend this House tants of the Boroughs of Horsham, Bramber, and Stey- upon Wednesday Morning next. ning, and other traces, in the said County, is referred. Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Martin do attend this

House upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and com- Ordered, That Mr. John Ede do attend this House mon Fields of Sower by, in the County of Leicester, and upon Wednesday Morning next, all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, was Ordered, That Doctor Sylvester do attend this House

read a Second time. upon Wednesday Morning next.

That the Bill be committed toMr Thoroton, Ordered, That Mr. Elias Bird do attend this House

Mr. Butler, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkes, upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Hexoett, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Edward

Smith, Mr. Kynqfton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Edward Smith presented to the House, accord- jhinckley, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fclloxoes, Lord Strange, Mr. More, Sir ing to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the high Road*. Thomas Palmer, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Sir John Crosse, Mr. lloads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and also from Alderman Dickinson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Plumptre, Hoo Ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swanning-Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Hammond, Sir George Savile, ton to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourn Com- Mr. Moore, Sir Charles Mordaunl, Mr. Boives, General mon, and from Ibjlock to Measham, in the Counties of Onslow, Mr. Temp eft, Mr. Walter, Mr. Finch, Mr. l.eicester and Derby: And the same was received;

Lyster, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Staunton, Sir Ellis and read the First time.

Cunliffe, Mr. Wigley, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Warren, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Chetwynd* Admiral

Griffin; and all the Members who serve for the Coun- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of

ties of Ijeicester, Rutland, Nottingham, and Derby: Account of the Quantities of Culm exported from the Culm

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Harbour of Milford, and the rest of the County of Pem- exported.

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. broke, and the Duties paid thereon, for Seven Years'

last pafl 5 distinguishing each Year, and the Places fivorti Ordered, That Mr. Richard Rhmt do attend this whence, and to what Parts, such Exportations were House upon Wednesday Morning next. made.

Ordered, That Mr. Hugh Roberts do attend tins House upon Wednesday Morning next. Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Halifax

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbie do attend this House to Order, a Bill for diverting, altering, widening, re- See. Roads; upon Wednesday Morning next. pairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of

Ordered, That Mr. Jcllico do attend this House Halifax, in the County of York, by Todmerden, to

upon Wednesday Morning next. Burnley and Liltlebrough, in the County of Lancaster:

Ordered, That Mr. George Bryant do attend this And the same was received; and read the First time.

House upon Wednesday Morning next. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ij'aac Heaton do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next. , - A Bill for inclosing divers Parcels ofwafte Grounds or Lougton

Ordered, That Mr. Allcock do attend this House Commons in Ivnglon, in the County of Lancaster, and Inclosure. upon Wednesday Morning next. for enjoying Part thereof as a {tinted Pasture, until the

Ordered, That Mr. John Wchfter do attend this Inclosure of the fame, was read a Second time.

House upon Wednesday Morning next. Resolved, T\\&t the Bill be committed to Lord Strange,

Ordered, That Mr. John Smart do attend this House Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Warren, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cholm-upon Wednesday Morning next. la/, Mr. Townftiend, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Ne If on do attend this Wilkinson, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Cartzcright, Mr. Ridley,

House upon Wednesday Morningnext. Mr. Clive, Mr. llewett, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bridgeman,

Ordered, That Mr. Farrar do attend this House Mr. Wilkes* Mr. Bacon, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Sandys, upon Wednesday Morning next. Mr. Gore, Mr. Smith, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Staunton, Mr.

Ordered, That Mr. Trotman do attend this Grosvenor, Mr. Fane, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Geo.

Jrlonfe upon Wednesday Morning next. Savilt, Mv. Foley Sir Thomas Pahner, Mr. Hanger, Sir

Voz.. 28. , Charles

7 5^ ii Februarii1760.

Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Moorts, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cat-toiiy Mr. Plumptre, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Probyn, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. F//?c//, Sir Jfo/w Philipps, Mr. Butler, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Hammond, Sir JoZw Gordon, Mr. Bowes, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. WiUy, Admiral Griffin, Sir Geo. Montgomery Me thorn. Sir Robert Bur-dett, Mr. Lewis, Mr. I^/Jler, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Legh, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Veiteh; and all the Members who fervefor the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, York, West-moreland, Cumberland, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lewis*! Mr. Lewis presented to the House, according to

Name. Order, a Bill to enable Thomas Lewis Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Lloyd, pnrfnant to the Will of Richard Lloyd Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Earl of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Sandwich, to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Welbore Ellis Esquire, ficatiwu an<* ^ert Nugent Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver , General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Rill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cholmlctj, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Sirange, Mr. Montagu, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Wilkes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More, Sir Wm. Given, Mr. Kynafloii, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hewelt, Mr. 01-mi us, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Thomas Hales, Mi*. Plumptrc, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Smith, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Burrell, Lord Royfton, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, General Cornwallis, Mr. Fane, General A'Court, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Oftyald, Mr. Moore, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Legh, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Veiteh, Mr. Town-Jhcnd, Mr. Willy, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Clive, Mr. Finch, Mr. fjaytpard, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Martin: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Xaws Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Com-

S*?«ing mittee, to tyhom the Petition of the several Fishermen > grading to Billingsgate Market, whole Names are thereunder written, qp Behalf of tfiepiselves, and all others the Fishermen trading to that Market, was referred, /jT^iat the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as feUoweffi; viz.

To prove tfye Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act passed in the 2zd Year of his present Majesty’s Reign^for jqaking a Free Market for the SaleofEilh in the City of Y^efiminster, and for preventing the Fore-stalling and Monopolizing of Fish, and for allowing the §ale offifli, under tkeDipaenfionsmentioned inaClause, qontainedmap Act of the First Year of his late Majefry’s Ij^eign, in case the same are faken with a Hook \ and also an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effieaual, the said Act-, were read: And,

Mr. Isaac Cook, aFilherman, trading to fy'llingfgate Market, being exaraiued, said, That being obliged to make their Entry at Gravesend, subjects them to great Hardships, as they are liable, for the Omission thereof, to forfeit both Ship and Cargo; and it frequently happens, they are obliged, by Wind or Tide, to come tq . Woolwich, before (.hey can ftpp their Veffejs: And, that

if they were to Hop at Gravesend, when the Wind and Tide are fair for the London Market, they would lose the Market, as it would take an Hour or Two to stop; and the Searchers at Gravesend are not constantly at their Office there, to receive the Entries! And that the Witness has gone there Three or Four Times in a Day, and found no Officer there: That if a Vessel arrives at Gravesend in the Night, and no One is at the Office to receive the Entry, the Ship is liable to be seized, as forfeited, for not making the Entry: And that the heavy Penalties inflicted by the said Acts, are a great Discouragement to the Fifliing Trade, as moll Vessels built for such Trade, used to be built on Credit, and on Loans made thereof; and now, if a Man has not Money to build a Fishing Craft himself, nobody chooses to lend him any thereon, as the Vessels are liable to be forfeited for the Omission of Entering thereof; and the Penalty being so great, most Mailers of Vessels go themselves to make the Entries, as they are not willing to trull to their Servants going to do the fame; and the said Inconveniences occasion the Fish to come much dearer to Market: That the Witness has Two Vessels, both which he is obliged to trull to the Care and Management of very indifferent People, often taken from the Parish, not One in Ten of whom can write: And that he has known several Fifliing Vessels seized by the Omission of Servants in not making their Entries at Gravesend; and that lately the Mailer of a Vessel having differed with his Owners, omitted, with a fraudulent Design, to make the Entry, in order to subject the Owners to the Penalty.

M v.Joseph Clark confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Cook.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a Free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish, and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause, contained in an Act, of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Wilkes, Vh\ Alderman Beck* ford, and Mr. Recorder of London, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Edward Smith presented to the House, accord- Barrow ipg to Order, a Bill for dividing and melofing the fe- l»cloiiin. verai open and common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Barrow upon Soar, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Doctor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing Account of the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Mait sPma presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity and Price of Malt Spirits, fold and delivered for the Use of, his Majesty’s Navy, from Christmas 1752^0 Chrifmas; 1756; distiu-guishing each Year.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be per used by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Robert Bur dett presented to the House, according Tamworth to Opder, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping &wdi in Repair, the High Roads from the Borough of Tamworth to Ashby de La Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and from Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid, to Sawley Ferry, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Burrell presented to the House, according to Oakhampt Order, a 4Jill for repairing several Roads leading to the

Town

; \

3 3'Geo. IL n° J

'Town of'Oakhatiipton, in the County of i)ebon: And 'the fame'was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to qualify and enable Samuel JIallct Esquire,

Name, ‘now called Samuel Farewell, and his Heirs, to use, and take in Exchange, for his and their own Surname, the Surname of Farewell, pursuant to the Will of Nathaniel Farewell Esquire, deceased; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ongley, "Mr. ChaHton, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Walter, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. More, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Hammond, Sir John Philipps, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Franc is Poole, Mr Kynajlo'n, Mr. Butler, Lord. Strange, Mr. Hamilton, S'w john Crofe, Mr. Scrgifon, Sir Cunliffe, Mr. P lump fre, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Bacon, M r. Cholm ley, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Ridley and all the Members who ierve for the Counties of Somerset, Dorfel, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

oodfleflrs An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An. Afifc

Divorce. £0 dissolve the Marriage of Mark Goodilejh, Gentleman, with Elizabeth Fielding his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the 3ili be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an In it ruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit-lielfes, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

ihtia Efta- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the menu. Establishments of the several Regiments and Corps of Militia, now embodied in this Kingdom, with the Names of the several Officers belonging to the fame, and the Pay they respectively receive.

s°ppl/- Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to wrhom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to (he House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-four thousand Three hundred Thirty-three Pounds and Eight Shillings be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of an Augmentation of One thousand and One Light Cavalry, the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, for Three hundred Sixty-six Days, from the 25th Day of December 1759, to the :4th Day of December 1760, both Days inclullve.

kefblved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Seven hundred Seventy-six Pounds Five Shillings and Five Pence be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of an Augmentation of Four Squadrons of Hunters and Hussars, the Troops of the Landgrave of Heft same I, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1759,10 the 24th Day of December 1760, both Days inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, net exceeding Fifty-two thousand Nine hundred Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Vol.

% A < I 4

ebrmtii. 757

Charge bf an A'Ugmenfcation of Five'tfctCt'ihions to the King’s Army in Germany,;eaclyBattalj#aConfiding of One Troop of Orte Hundred and One Men, and Four Companies of Foot, of One hundred anRTwdnty-five Meajn^each^CotnpaLny^Avith a Corps c&Artfllefy^.fer Three, hundred Sixty-fixiDays, from :the Twenty-fifth

Day of December Obe thousand Seven hundred *a)ffd FiftyTrrioe, to the .34 th l5ay of December One thousatid Seven hundred and Sixty, both Days inclusive.

The f^id. Refdlutkhis, being severally read a Setrohd tjme, rvVfcfq, upon the Qdeftion severally^ht ^hereupbn, agreed to* by the House.

The Qnd.erofitife Day being read^for the House tb Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hotife, it) Means* cpnfider further of Ways and Means for raisilig the Su^f-,p)y grantedv»to* his Mkjefiy;

Resolved, That this House will, lij^on We due flay Morning next, fefolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being r&td, for the House Supply-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; 3

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of Ins Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with ati Estimate "of the Change thereof,1 for the Year 1760, be referred to the said Committee.. -

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge for AIlow-atices unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and unto the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 17*60, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of fu pporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money paid, and Charges incurred, for suppqrting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Neva Scotia, for the Yehr 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1759, to the 24th of June 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chariton took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That, they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morroiy Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this Ho life will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrosf Morning, Nine of the Cloc£.

9G


Deanbum Bridge, &c. Road.

Hunwick

Inclosuic.

Barford

Inclosure.

Beaconsfield, Ire. Roads.

lz* Fehruariu A. 176a

MartiS) 12* die Febraarif;

Anno 33° Geofgir IIdi Regis, 1760.

Kayers.

(\RDERED, That Mr. Crafter be added to the " Committee, to whom the Petition of Archibald Dtike of Douglass, the Right honourable Lord Elibank,

Robert Kennedy of Green know, Sir William Purvis of that Ilk, John Borthwick of Cookfton, Alexander Dalziel of Hartfide, Alexander Hay of Mordingtown, Francis Pringle, Thomas Cockburn and John Pringle, Writers to the Signet, and James Romainous and Jo/tn Walker, Baillies of the Burgh of Lauder, for themselves, and in the Name of the Commuuity of the said Burgh; and also, the Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Earl of Hadington, the Honourable Alexander Home, Superior of Manderfton, William Grant, of Preston Grange, One of the Senators of the College of Justice, Sir JohnStewart of Allanbank, Sir John Patterson of Eccles, Sir Alexander Don of Newton, Baronets, George Carre of West Nijbit Esquire, One of the Senators of the College of Justice, Heiiry Home of Kaims Esquire, One of the Senators of the College of Justice, George Baillie of Jerviszvood Esquire, James Kerr of Morifon Esquire, David Home of Wedderbum, Patrick Home of Billy, John Carre younger of Nijbit, Wyn Johnston of Hilton, David Gavin of Langlon, John Renton of Lamerton, George Drummond ef Blair, Mr. John Swinton younger of Swinton, Advocate, John Home Esquire of John Wation of

Over mains, Stephen Broomfield of Nethermains, William Roberffon of Lady Kirk, James Justice. of Justice Hall, and John Roberffon of Saint Leonards', are referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Crafter, Mr. Montgomerie, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Moor or Comjnon caWedHumvickEdge, in the* Manor of Bondgate, and County of Durham, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Parish of Barford, in the County of Warwick, is committed.

Sir Francis Dashwood reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging fheTerm and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Yearofhis late Majesty King George the Firfi, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxon, and of several Freeholders, andother Inhabitants of the said County: and also the Petition of the several Freeholders and other Inhabitants living near and usually travelling the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed on Behalf of themselves and the Rest of the Freeholders and Inhabitants residing near the said Road; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had dii efted him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read* and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

The said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was read: And,

Mr. James Farfenage, Clerk to the Road, said, That by virtue of the said Act, the said Road hath been greatly repaired; but that before the same can be completed, the said Act must be amended in several Respects, particularly the Trustees fiiouid be empowered to take down^a M

House, situate in Oiippen Wicomhe, the Property of Joint Gibs, which House at present projects into the Road, and renders the same very inconvenient and dangerous — That Powder lhouid like wile be given to alter the Course of the said Road in several Pkces; and also to Widen the fame, and remove several Nui fences, which are at present upon many Parts thereof; and also to compel the Justices of the Peace in OxfordJIiire, to direct a Proportion of Statute Work to be done upon the Road.

That there is now due upon the Credit of the said Au, the Sum of One thousand Pounds, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road amended, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued, and several further Powers granted-.

All which was confirmed by Mr. Joseph Jennings, Surveyor to the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign*, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in t he County of Bucks, to Stoker* Church, in the County of Oxon:. And that Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Waller, Mr. Grenville, and Mr. Hairy Fane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lyft'er reported from the Committee, to: whom the Bill to enable James Hammett Esquire, and his Issue, Name, to take and use the Surname of Hamlyn only, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directeef him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Barrow presented to the House, according to Gloucefe, Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of, and enlarging Rod. and altering the Powers granted by, an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading from the City of Gloucester, towards the City of Hereford, and for repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucester, in the said Act mentioned; and for making the said Act more effectual: And the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the J Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the High Road*, Roads from Fafely Bridge to the Turnpike Gate at Nun-eaton Gap, and from the Turnpike Road at the Turning near the Harrow A lelio use to Lutterworth Hand, and from Shustock Church End to Fieldon Bridge, and from the Arbour Iioufes at Mancetter Lane End, and from the Poors Houses, near Over Whitacre Furnace End, to Nuneaton, and from Nuneaton to the Turnpike Road leading from Coventry to Hnrborough, and from the Guide Post in Hinckley to the End of Sketchley Heath Lane, in the Counties of Warzvick and Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the 5^ Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directerl him to report to the House; which he read in his. Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved^Ch&t'it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Six hundred Fifty-one Pounds and Nine Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’sLand Forces and Marines* for the Year 1760.

Resolved,

j3 Geo. It i2° — 130 Februarih 750

Resolved, that it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Nine hundred Forty-six Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the FburTroops of Horse Guards; for the Year 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Seven hundred Eighty-five Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for support-iilg and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousandEigbt hundred Fifty-one Pounds Four Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, in the Year 1758, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSrim,riot exceedingFour thousand and L'ifty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establifti-ment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1759, to the 24th of June 1 760.

The said Kcfolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

i^rfons to , Ordered, That Mr. James Rondeau do attend this attend the House Tomorrow Morning.

House. Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Delamotle do attend this House Tomorrow Morning

Ordered, That Mr. Mason do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mawbey Esquire, do attend this

House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Brindley do attend his House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Shephard do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Bates do attend this House

Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Secretary to the Commissioners for yi&ualling his Majesty’s Navy, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with a Copy of One of the Contracts for Malt Spirits, made with the said Commissioners, in each of the Years 1754, 1755, and 1756.

The other Order of the Day being read; flfar]ne The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

Forces- whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Clevland took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Clevland reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same*

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Removing Ordered/That Mr. Fairfax be added to the Gentlemen

Gunpowder wj10 are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, upon from Green- the Third of the Resolutions, which, upon Wednesday wich to the Fifth Day of December Iaft, were reported from the Purflect. Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Inhabitants of Eaf Greenwichj and Places adjacent, in the County of Kent, whose Names are t hereu n to subseri bed, in Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants, was referred, and which Resolution was, upon Wednesday the Twelfth Day of the said Instant December, agreed to by the House; and also upon the Resolution, which, upon Tuesday the Vol. 28

Eighteenth of the said Instant December; was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 13* die Februarii

Anno 33* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

THE Lord Can)fort reported from the Committee, Warket

to whom the Petition of the Trnftees, appointed borough, &c. to put in Execution a certain Act of Parliament, made Road, in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborourh, in the County of />/ cester, through Dcjborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, and Thrapston, in the County of Northampton, and through By thorn, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to the Pound, in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdonas also one other Act of Parliament, made in the 27th Year of his said present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said former Act; arid of several Creditors, who have advanced considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subseri bed; was referred; That the Commitiee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fa:me, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his PJace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said Acts were read: And,

M r John Dexter, Clerk to the Trustees iovNorthampton District, being examined, said, Th&t the Sum of£.6,150 has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising on that Part of the Road which lies in the County of Northampton, which has been laid out in the Repairs of the said lload, notwithstanding which* the same is in many Places, through the Badnefsand Scarcity of Materials, in a very bad Condition; and the said Debt, together with Interestfor the fame, amounting to the Sum of^.543 10 remains due, and cannot be paid, and the Roads sufficiently repaired, without enlarging the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, and augmenting the Tolls thereby, granted — That the Expence of Repairing that Part of the Road will amount to £. 1,500 or£. 2000: And,

Mr. John Spriggs, Treasurer to the Trustees for Huntingdon Distribt, delivered in to your Committee, an Account of his Receipts and Disbursements, as Treasurer and General Surveyor of that Part of the Road which lies in the County of Huntingdon, whereby it appeared, that there had been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, the Sum of - £.4,207 2 9

Out of which there had been received from the NorthamptonDiftrict,'the Sum of - 457 2, 9I:

— k______

And that the Debt now Due, amounts to the Sum of - - - 3,750 o o

Which, together with the Sum of - 6,150 o o’

Makes the whole Debt - - 9,960 b o

And Mr. Spriggs further said, That the Interest now due, amounts to the Sum of £.318 17s. — That to put the said Road in good Repair, and pay off Arrears, will amount to£.500 — That when they have accounted with the other Divifton, there has been generally a Balance of £.150 or £.160 *n Favour of the Huntingdon l)iftri6r* which has not been regularly paid for w&nt of Money — That the Witness has often advanced Money to the Amount of £.113 and Upwards, besides (landing engaged for 5 or £.600 to fiindry People;

Aud

76o 130 Februaru. j&o.

And he farther said. That it is impossible for the said Road to be repaired, and the Debt paid, without enlarging the Terms and Powers, and augmenting the Tolls by the said Acts granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound, in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon; and by One other Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said former Act: And that the Lord Carysfort, Mr. Fdlowes, and Mr. Jones, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account of The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkyus,from SuSa^i®" the Commissioners of the Customs,attended at the Door; 9 c’ He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of British raw Sugar, imported into England, from Christmas 1755, to Christmas 1758, and from thence to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year, and the Countries from whence imported: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of British Plantation raw Sugar re-exported from England, from Christmas 1755, to Christmas 1758, and from thence to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishingeach Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of refined Sugar exported from England, from Christmas 1755, to Christmas: 1758, and from thence to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Laws re- Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, spectingFifli, wj10 are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to c' amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining,

amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made . in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish, in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish, and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause, contained 0 in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish; and to prevent Abuses of the Salefinen of Fish for Fishermen.

Ordered, That the Lord Middleton be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Petit,on the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, oa and of the Gentlemen, Clergy,principal Tradesmen, and

Inhabitants of the City of Coventry, whose common Seal and Names are thereunto affixed and subscribed,in Behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants of the said City, Was presented to the House and read; alleging. That the Petitioners observe, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, for a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening the High Road,leading from the End of Fafely Bridge, in the County of Warwick, unto and through the Town of:Atherftone, in the County of Warwick, and several other Places therein mentioned; which Fetitiou the Petitioners allege, is, in effect, a Renewal of a former Application to Parliament for the like Purposes, and ' which was then petitioned against by these Petitioners, and the Prosecution thereof dropped, on Account of the many Inconveniences and bad Effects which would have arisen, if the same had succeeded; and further alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, that should a Bill pass into a Law, according to the Prayer of the said Petition, the same would produce all the ill Effects apprehended upon the said former Application; and particularly, that it would, in its Consequences, be destruc-

tive of the Great Roadirom West Uufter to London, leading through Cqlejhill, Meriden, Coventry, and Hunch urch, in the County of Warwick, and Dpventry inrtha County of Northampton, whereon great Sums J)>ive been expended to put the same into Repair; and that it would be other wise very injurious, not only to the Petitioners, but to all others residing in or near the said Great Road; And therefore praying, That the.Petitioners may be heard by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill, as they apprehend will ailed them, or that they may have such other Relief, as to ;the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants of Colejliill, in the County of Warwick, wi\ofe Ro

Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themfel ves and others, the Inhabitants of the said Town of Colejkill, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging.

That the Petitioners apprehend, thatfhould such a Bill pass into a Law, tl^e same would produce all the ill Effeeis apprehended by a former Application; and that it would be destructive of the great Road from West Chester to London; and would be otherwise injurious to the Petitioners, and others residing in or near the said Road.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repairing and widening the High Roads from Fafely Bridge to the Turnpike Gate at Nuneaton Gap, and from the Turnpike Road, at the Turning near the Harrozv Alehouse to Lutterworth Hand, and from Shujtock Church End to Fieldon Bridge, and from the Arbour Houses at Mancetter Lane End, and from the Poors Houses near Over Whitacre Furnace End, to ? Nuneaton, and from Nuneaton to the Turnpike Road, leading from Coventry to Harborough, and from the Guide Post in Hinckley, to the End of Sketch ley Heath Lane, in the Counties of Warwick and Leicester, be read a Second time.

Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton reported from the Com- Boug&ton mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties ol Chef ter, Salop, Stafford, and Warwick, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr./c^wRe^/bwbeingexamined, said, That the Roads mentioned in the Petition are in many Places extremely deep, and in some Places very narrow; that it is impossible to repair the said Roads by the ordinary Course . t of Law; and it will be necessary to, build several Bridges, particularly Two over Norton Brook, One over Castle Bromwich, and another at Bacojis End, where the Water is sometimes impassable for Carriages, for Three Weeks or a Month together; and that it will also be necessary to turn thefajdRoad over theadjoining Meadows, as the present Road is Four or Five Foot lower than the Grounds adjoining.

Mr. Minor Colly and Mr. James Hignett, being severally examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Bough-ton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whit-

: church, and from thence to Nezvport, in the County of ‘ Salop, to Ivetfey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Bromxvichya nd Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton on Arden, in the County of Warwick: And that Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton and Mr.

Henry Grenville do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to enable James TlamnuXt Esquire, Hammett’i and his Issue, to take and nfe the Surname of Hatnlyn Nam?, only, was read the Third time,

1icfolved,

Settlements gained by Land Tax.

Duchy Cornwall Leases, &c.

Ditto,

Sulgrave

Inclosure.

Members

QttalUicatious.

Salford

Canal,

33 Geo. It. 13* — 149

Refolded, That the Btll do pais: And ihat the Title? be. An Act to enable James Hammett Esquire, and his Issue, to take and iife the Surname of Hamlyn only.

Ordered, That Mr. Lifter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to prevent Occupiers of Tenements, under certain yearly Rents, from gaining Settlements in any P^-rish, Town, Hamlet, or Place, by reason of their being rated'to the Land Tax, and payfag such Rates for their Landlords, was committedj That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerkp$ Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Tha,t the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Friday the First Day of this Instant February, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable his Majesty to make Leases, and Copies, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order, as is expressed by the Words, a and for other Purposes therein " to be mentioned,*’ be discharged.

Mr. Bayntun presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to make Leases, and Copies, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Field, common Meadows, common Pastures,common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Parish, Townflrip, and Liberties, of Sulgrave, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Field, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Parish, Township, and Liberties of Sulgrave, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Philipps presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enforce and render more effectual, the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to lit in the House of Commons: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, and Manufacturers, in the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That in Consequence of the Act passed in the last Session, to enable the Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal, from a certain Place in the Township of Salford, to or near Worjley Mill and Middlewood, in the Manor of Worjley. and to or near a Place called Ilollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, the said Navigation hath been begun; and alleging. That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the said Duke to take his said

Vqju.

PelfMriu 96$

Navigation feVer ttie feiver frtvell, at barton Bridge, and to vary the Termination thereof, by carrying it to the said Town of Manckeptr, in ft ead of the said Town of Salford; which, the Petitioners allege1, will be of great tJtility and Advantage to the Petitioners, and much more convenient for the Carriage of Coals, and other Things* from and to the said Navigation, than if the faine was to terminate in the saidTownship of Salford: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to enable the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, to vary the Course of a navigable Cut or Canal, authorized to be made by an* Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, by making such Cut or Canal to, and conveying the same over, the River Irwelt,; at or near Barton Bridge, and from thence to the Town oIManchefier, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to extend a Branch from such Cut or Canal, to or near Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in thi said County; be re$d a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to yrip resolve itself into a Coipmittee of the whole House, to and M$an# consider furl her of Ways and tyeans for railing th^:

Supply granted to his Majestyj

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morj^ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered Persons to to attend this House this Day, do attend the said Com- lhc mittee of the whole House, upon Friday Morning next. ou

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply* next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 14.0 die Februarii \

Anno 33* Georgii IF1 Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

HE Lord Middleton presented to the House, ac- Wyd Ri?«r* cording to Order, a Bill for extending and continuing the Navigation of the River Wey, otherwise Wye, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Godalming, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

The Lord Carysfort prefen ted to the House, according polkfWortk to Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing the common inciosure. Fields, common Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, within the Parish of Folksworth, in the County of Huntingdon;

And the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Edmund Isham reported from the Committee* to Dunchurch, whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names Road, v are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed by or inpursuance of an A&of Parliament, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Dun Cow, in Dunchurch,to Hillmore-ton,f in the County of Warwick, and from thenCe to St.

James's End, in the Town of Northampton; and likewise of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, living near the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition 5 and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in^ttheClerk’s Tablet Where the same was re^id; and is as followeth; viz.

9 H To

Marine

Forces.

7 6$ 14’ Eehruarii.

To prove the Allegations of the £aad Petition, . mittcehad made to the BiU; and which they bad directed The said Act was read: And, him to report to the Hottfe; and he read the Report in

A Member presentinformed your Committee, That his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the the Sum of£.1,200 had been borrowed upon the Credit Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due j Amendments were once read throughout; and then a And, Second time, one by oue; and, upon the Question fe-

Mv.JohnGeorg£,be\ng examined, said, That he knows veraily put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. the Road from St. James's End, to Dunchurch, which is Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Twenty-two Miles; and is in many Places, through the ingrafted.

Scarcity of Materials, and Badness of the Soil, in a ruinous Condition, and can’t be repaired, and the Debt now Doctor Hay, from the Commissionfers for executing Estimate;

due be repaid, junjefs the Term and Powers granted by the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain? pre- Navry Debt, the said Act be enlarged, and made more effectual. fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the the 31st December 1759; and also,

12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for re- An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in Account of pairing the Road from the Dun Cow in Dunchurch, to the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 3ill December Seamen. Hillmoreton, in the County of Warwick, and from 1758 to 3ill December X759, upon a Medium of each thence to Saint James' s End, in the Town of Northamp- Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and ton: And that Sir Edmund Jjham9 Mr. Thurjby, Mr. what mustered, in the said Service; and also,

Frederick MontagUy Sir Charles Mor daunt, and Mr. A11 Account of the Charge for Transport Service, be- Transport Cartwright, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. tween the id October 1759 and the 31st December foi- Service.

lowing; including the Expence of Victualling his Ma- Mr. Clevland, according to Order, reported from the jesty’s Land Forces, within the said Time.

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for And the Titles of the said Estimate and Accounts the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Were read.

Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Com- The said Estimate and Accounts are as followeth; viju

r

KAVg

33 Geo. II.

14° FebriiartL

:J6l

Navy Office, *) An ESTllVtA’t'E of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, oil the deads hereafter

12th February 1760. 3 - mentioned, ay it lloctel on the 31st December 17^9. r -

Particulars*

I. £ d.

1 >’99,594 9 I

12.736 15 1

378.358 11 7

525.637 —

45.587 4 9

460,985 16 io|

2,171,606 — — "

84,108 15 0

16/183 6 6

<0 & 00 O CO IO 7

43.569 10 3

27,870 7 6

66,348 17 9

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports.

Dae to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy for Stores, Freight of Transports, fife. suppliedJor the Service thereof - - I, I " -

o pay off and discharge all Bills registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores - For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty Vleverai Yards, fife, for which no Bills were made *>ut on the aforesaid 31st December., 1759; ’as also to several Bills of Exchange * - 1 - - -«

To his ^1 a jesty’s Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half-pay to SeaiOfRcers, according to an Establishment made by hislate Majesty ih Council on that behalf

« Seamen’s Wages.,

Due to pay the Men, fife, unpaid on the Books of Sliips paid of To Ships' Sea-pay-on the aforesaid 31st December 1759 To discharge and pay off all the Bills, entered in Course for Slop Clothes and Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, Tree-Gifts,*fife. -~ - ’ - -

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from thofe Commissioners;

viz.

Due for Short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off - -

For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course -Fo r Provisions delivered, and~Services performed, for which no Bills wen3 made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1759

and Contingencies q the Officers, Worl several Ports -

TOTAL.

S m dp

2,161,914 — 6

2,716,700 xi io|

Sick and Wounded; the Debt oftlV^t Offic?, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure Of sick and wounded Seamen set on Shore from his Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Office

The Total amounts to the Sum of Five million Seven htindred Fifty-six thousand Three hundred Thirty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Two Pence farthing - -

From whence deducting the Money in the'J

Treasurer’s Hands - - -( as on the f

And also the Money that remained to come Mother Side j in of the Supplies of the Y'ear - - -J - -

The Debt will then be Five million Three hundred Ninety-one thou-fanrl Eight hundred and Thirty Pounds One Shilling and One Halfpenny - - - - . - T- -

N. B. In this Debt is included, for Charge ' of Transports, between the 1 ft J aweary 1759 and 3 ill December following -And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied. the Soldiers between the 1 (t January 1759 and the 31 ll December following amounts to -

In Part of which Sum, for the Charge of Transports, the Sum of £.501,078 16 6, being the Amount of the Charge to the 30th September 1759, has been voted by Parliament, and if the remaining £.205,889 7 6£ lliould be thought fit to be provided for in the same Manner; The next Debt of the Navy will then be Four million Seven hundred Eighty-four thousand Eight hundred Sixty-one Pounds and Seventeen Shillings. -

784.744 8 7

92.977 10

174.577 — 9i

189,929 9 4j.

5»756>336 II 2i 364,506 IO if

449.775 15 6

i57.J92 8 6|

5>39^83° 1

6e6,96S 4 —

4,784,861 17 —

G. Cokb:r«e, The. Slade> W. Ba/ely, Dan. DeveRich'1 Hall, R. OJborn, Q, Adam.

Vac. 2.8 Memorandum I

i,

V»

g

eg'

n‘

CD

CL

O-

o

o

eg

FT

L

Memorandum :There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1759, in Money as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy

- t «> On the HEADS of

In what TREASURER'S Hand*. In MONEY. Wear and Tear> Ordinary and Transports* Seamen’s Wages. N ViauaUu TOTAL.

Right honourable George Dodlngtoii, Esquire (ift Treasurership) - - - - fin Money - - - - -I D9 towards thp Debt for sick and wounded Seamen m £ s-4,888 — d. Si £ * 1,661 4 38 — d. 6 4* £ 34 s. d. 18 2^ s- 6,622 3 d. 6

Right honourable Henry Legge, Esquire fin Money - * 1 D° towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen ®i4®5 5 11 876 16 55 15 si s 1,621 m 12 4 j 8,959 IO 1}

Right h on 0 u rab I e George G re n v tile, Esquire (ift Treasurership) ----- f In Money - - - -I D* towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seaxfcen 4,085 2 3i 3,219 *4 1,017 2 if 9 , T>59° - 2fl - - > 9.9" l9 4*

Right honourable George Do ding ton, Esquire (2d Treasurership) - - - f In Money - - - - I D° towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seaman 6,815-17 51 851 16 *4° J7 5i 7 374 15 *ij ' i 1 8,183 7 51

Right honourable George Grenville, Esquire (ad Treasurership) ----- f In Money - - I D° towards the Debt for sick and wounded Statheh - -. 63,083 1 H 41,516 12 16,972 7 5i 0 18,607 19 2# 140,900 — ! 4*

- £ 85.997 7 9 66,350 7 I 22,229 5 m] 174.577 — gng=5=t rwiiXL. 9l

There remained, on the 31st December 1 jjg, to come in of the Supplies of the Year 1759

£ r.

189,929. 9.' 4.

aa^L 2£S&*^?arr...j

4

140 Febmarii. 0;,

35 Geo. II.

-i ^Februafti.

765

*Navy Office, 12th February 1760.

An ACCOUNT of the Charge for Transport Service betxveert the id October 1759, and the 31st December following, including the Expence of Victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Trixie; prepared pursuant to an Order from the honourable House of Commons, dated the 2 ill January 1766.

Sum-

Nature of the Charges. £. s. ci.

Freight of Transports - - - 98,464 4 4

Expence of building Cabins, Stalls, and other Conveniencies, on board them, and of furnishing them with Hammaccoes, and other Stores, together with the Expence of surveying and men luring them - _ - - - - 1,254 15 5.

Boat Hire, and other contingent Expences - - - . - - - - 100-----

Pilotage of the Transports - 10146

Salaries to Purveyors and Agents - - - 254 16 6.

TpP-r

Total Naval Part - - - £. 100,175 — 9

£ St d.

Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time - 21,425 12 4

Whence must be abated £.15,711. 5. 8, being the Value of Provisions put on board Transports, employed ou several Expeditions, which was included

in the Sum of £.151,478. 1. io, the Amount of Victualling his Majesty’s

Land Forces, between the 1 ft January, and the 30th September1759, already;

laidhefore the Honourable House of Commons, the same now appearing by an Account from the Commissioners of the Victualling, to have been delivered to Men of War, and returned into Store - - - - 15,711 5 8

Then there will remain for victualling Land Forces - - - r - 5,714 6. 8

Total Naval and Victualling - - £.105,889 7 5

The* Whole amounting to the Sum of One hundred and Five thousand Eight hundred and

Eighty-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Five Pence.

G. Cokburne> Tho. Slade,

Dan. Devert,

G. Adams.

Navy Office, 12th February .1760. "An ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st December 17 x8, to 31st December 1759,.upon a Medium of each Month; distinguiriiing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service; prepared pursuant to a Precept from the Honourable House of (Jpmmons, dated 21st January 1760< . ....

MONTHS. Borne. f Muttered.

January _ _ 77>673 70,727

February - - 79,289 71 <585

March - - 78>851 72,074

April - 81,139 74,943

May - - - - ^3-544 - 77*380

June > - 84,834 79,498

July - . .84,468 78,679

August - , - - - - 87,618 80,073

September - 88,477 81,588

October - - 88,741 80,416

November _ - - - - 88,990 80,330

December - - 88,955 79,897

U013.579 927,190-

"Upon a Medium - - - ‘ 84,464 77>265

G. Cokburne, Tho. Slade, IK Bately, Dan. Devert, RicW Hall, R. OJborn, G. Adams, IK. Bateman.

Accounts of Sugar itn ported,&c<

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the; House.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of British raw Sugar imported inta England, {court Chr ijltnas 1755, to Chrijbnas 1758,-and from thence to Michaelmas 1759 5 distinguishing each Year, and the Countries from -whence imported: And also,

The Account of the Quantities of British Plantation raw Sugar re-exported from England, from Christmas Vol. *28.

175to Chrijbnas 1758, and from thence to Michaelmas 1759; distinguilliing each Year: And also.

The Account of the Quantities of refined Sugar exported from England, from Chrijinias 1755, to Christmas 175^ and from thence to Michaelmas 1759 j.distinguishing each Year; which were Yesterday prefonted to trie House do lie upon the Table, to be peruled* by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition

7 66

Wolverley A Petition of tVie Inhabitants of Wolverley, in the Road. County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners find, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill, for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester; and setting forth, That the Roads branching out of and leading from the High Road leading by Broad Waters, intended to be repaired by the said Bill, through the Breach Lane to Wolverley, and from thence to Wrib-benhall, in the Way to Bewdley Bridge, in the said County, also intended by the said Bill to be repaired, are in divers Places so ruinous, that in the Winter Season, Carriages, and PersonS on Horsebcck, cannot pass without great Danger; and that the said Roads are in many Parts very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That in the said Bill Provision may be made for the better amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads leading from Broad Waters through the Breach Lane to Wolverley, and from thence to Wribbeniiail aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to M r. Sandys, Mr. Fane, Mr. Clev-iand, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Geo. Sarnie, Mr. Foley, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Rose Fuller, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bowes, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Ongley, Mr. More, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Butler, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Thofbldh, Mr. Cartwright, Mr Tucker, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bayntun, General Cornwallis, Mr. Willes, Sir John Crosse, Sir Geo. Montgomery Metham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop; and for the Principality of Wales; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Palely Bridge A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

Reads. Farmers, Innkeepers, and Tradesmen, in and about Mereden, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants, about and in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners observe, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the High Road, leading from

A. 1760.

the End of Fastly Bridge, in the County of Warwick aforesaid, unto and through die Town Of Atherftone, in the said County of Warwick, and several other Places therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that should a Bill pass into a Law, as prayed for by the said Petition, the same would in it^ Consequences be definitive of the great Road from West Chester to London, leading through Mereden, Coventry, arid Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, and Daventry in the County of Northampton, on which great Sums of Money have been expeuded; and would be otherwise very injurious, not only to the Petitioners, but to all others residing in of near the said great Road: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repairing and widening the High Roads from Fafely Bridge, to the Turnpike Gate at Nuneaton Gap, and from the Turnpike Road at the turning near the Harrow Alehouse, to Lutterxvorth Hand, and from Shnstock Church End, to Fieldon Bridge> and from the Arbour Houses, at Mancetter Lane End, and from the Poors Houses near Over Whit acre Furnace End, to Nuneaton, and from Nuneaton to the Turnpike Road leading from Coventry to Harborough, and from the Guide Post in Hinckley, to the End of Sketchley Heath Lane, in the Counties of Warwick and Leicester, be read a Second time.

Mr. George Onslow reported from the Committee, to Stoffoli'i whom the Bill to enable Henry Sloffold and Robert Stoffold. Gentlemen, now called Hemy Austen and Robert Austen, and their Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Austen, instead of their own Surname and Arms* pursuant to the Will of Robert Austen Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Douglas Bowden, do. To- Ways morrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole and Means* House, to whom it is referred, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House* pur- Chelsea suant to their Address to his Majesty, Pensionen*

An Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1760.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

140 Februarii.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 17 6d;

Per Diem.

For 366 Days.

x

6,612 Out Pensioners Standing at present upon the fiooks of the Hospital, at 5 d. per Diem each -

100 Letter Men, at 12 d. per Diem each -

31 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem each

£. s. d.

£ s. d.

137 *5 — 5 -

1 3 3

50,416 10 —

1,830-----

425 9 6

Prom which deduct.

The Sum of Twenty-seven thousand Six hundred Seventy-bile Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence, which, by Eilimation, may be applicable towards defraying the Expence out of the Poundage of the Forces for the Year 1760

!43 18 3

52,671 19 6

- 27,671 19 6

Remains to be granted, upon Account, for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1760 - - - - 1.

War Office, 14 February 1760.

Barrington,

i-

25,000 —

BBaanaBOaniao

Ordered,

1

C.

33 Geo. II. 140 — 150 Februarii. 767

Ordered, That the said Efti mate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Turner’s The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Divorce. whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Exuperius Turner Esquire, with Eliabeth Louisa his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill; and had also heard Counsel on the Behalf of the said Elizabeth jLouifay Wife of the said Mr. Turner: And that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vieneris} x50 die Februarii;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760. Prayers.

Removing \/f R. Fairfax presented to the House, according to MagazineW Order, a Bill for applying a Sum of Money

from Green- granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards taking wich to down and removing the Magazine for Gunpowder near Purfleet. Greemvich, in the County of Kent, and erecting a new

Magazine for Gunpowder at Purfleet, near the River of -Thames, in the County of Essex: And the same was received; and read the First timew

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ditto. Ordered, That the Report, which* upon the 5th Day

of December Jaft, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, And others. Inhabitants of East Greemvich, and Places adjacent, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants, Was referred, be printed.

Volvcrley Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom

Koad. the Petition of the In habitants of Wolveriey, in the County of Worcester, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Ingram and Mr. JVilfon Alejhury Roberts, being severally examined, said, That the Roads leading from Broadwaters, through the Breach Lane, to Wolver-ley, and from thence to IVribbenhall, are founderous and £0 narrow, that broad-wheeled Carriages cannot pass along them; that there are several Rocks which mult be cut down, in order to widen them; and that the said Roads cannot be amended and kept in Repair by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester; that they do make Provision in the said Bill for the better amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads branching out of and leading from the High Road, leading by Broad Waters, through the Breach Lane, to Wolveriey, Vol. 2 $.

arid from therice to Wribbenhall; in the Way to Rewdley Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That Lord Carysfort, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Soihcrby Warren, Mr. Delaval, Lord Robert Bertie, be added to fAdofure, the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Sofnerby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, is committed.

A Mefllige from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mi*,

Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Spencer’# naturalizing Maria Elizabeth Spencer, Wife of Richard Nat-

Spencer Esquire, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meffetigers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for divering, altering, widening, repairing and Halifax; fee, amending the Roads from the Town of Halifax, in the,

County of York, by Todmerden, to Burnley and Little-brough in the County of Lancaster, was read a Secorid time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo,

Savile, Sir John Crqffie, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Heicett, Mr.

Willes, Mr. Boives, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Wilkes, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Moore, Sir John Philipps, Mr. HuJfaj, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bayntun,

Lord Strange, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Plumptrt,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Howard, Admiral Griffin, Mr.

Bacon, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. More, Sir James Colebruoke, Mr. Smith, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. West, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Legh, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hay-ward, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Brudenell, Mr.

Alderman Baker, Mr. Butler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Wftmorelavd, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Notice being taken of a Mistake in the Order* made Nortlifleet, upon the 26th Day of January lait, " That Leave be ^oads* " given to bring.in a Bill for rendering more effectual " several Acts, passed in the 10th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the 11 th Year of his late Majesty " King George the Firfi, and in the 1 ith Year of the " Reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Iioad from Dartford to " Nortlifleet and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to " Chalk, and from Nortlifleet to Chalk, and from thence " through Rochester to Saint Dunstan's Croft, near the " City of Canterbury "

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering more effectual several Acts, passed in the 10th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the 11th Year of his late Majesty King George the Firfi;, and in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road from Dartford to Northfleet and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to Chalk, and from Northfleet to Chalk, and from thence to the Stones End near the Parish Church of Strood: And that Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Whitworth, and Mr. Auditor Watson do prepare and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable Thomas Lewis Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Name* Lloyd, pursuant to the Will ol Richard Lloyd, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lewis, Tslv.Obnius, Mr. Bowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kynaston,

Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Probyn, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Fazakerlcy,

Members

Qualifica-

tious.

Widening

London

Streets.

768 ‘15 0 Feb^mrii.: *T A. 1760.

Fazcrkerlnji Mr. Lyflef, ^IvlHmmrdyMr. OficaM, Mr. . Mr. Dance, being agam examined, said, That Pole, Mr Wilks, Mr. Foley, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hexvett, Disputes frequently happen in relation to Party Walls, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. More, Sir Charles Morfumt, Mr. and that there are many Defects in the said Act; for, Sandys, Sir Thomas Hides, Mr.' Thorolon, Mr. Gore, Mr. if a Majority of Workmen employed do not agree, and Fdloxves, Mr. Whi! worth, Mr. Plump Ire, Mr. Wilkes, P.gn a Certificate of the Deficiency of a Party Wall, the Jdr. Hammond, Lord Strange, Mr. Butler, Sir Robert Wall oannot be condemned; and he has^knovvn fatal Long, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Lynch Salijhvry Cotton, M r. Consequences happen from the Obitinacy of Parties in Harve\), Sir Ellis Cnnliffe, Mr. Philips, Sir Geo. Mont go- refusing to join in l\ich Certificate, without which the me.ry Mclham, Wv; Staunton, Mr. Clive, Mr. Poore, Mr. Justices have no Jurisdiction; and therefore the Witness Calthnrpe, Mr. Fuller., Sir John Gordon, Mr. Tozvnjhend, thinks it necessary that fume Power should be given to Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Smith, Mr. Legh, Mr. oblige Proprietors to build Party Walls when defective Hanger,.Mr. Charlton, Mr. Scott, Mr. Cr after; and all although there lliould riot be any Neceifityto rebuild the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales: the Houses on either Side: That he thinks it necessary

- And' they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the a Party Wall should be Two Bricks and an Half thick Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. at the Bottom and Two Bricks thick above: That they

should be built with good found Bricks, and the Joints Ordered, That the Bill to enforce and render more so well flulhed with Mortar, as to leave no Cavities; effectual the Laws, relating to the Qualification of and that it would frequently prevent the spreading of; Members to fit in the House of Commons, be printed. Fire, if some further Provision was made by Law for The House was moved, That the Order made upon settling such Disputes in a summary Way, and for Wednesday Jaft, that the said Bill be read a Second time amending the Laws, now in being, relating to the build-upon Monday Morning next, might be read: -nig of Party Walls.

And the same being read accordingly; Mr. Philips confirmed this Part of Mr. Dance's Evi-

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. deuce; and further said, that the laying ofTimber through

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Party Walls ought to be prevented, upon this Day Sevennight.

Sir Robert I.tidbroke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition;' and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where , the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr, George Dance, Surveyor, and Mr. Benjamin Blag-den, Builder, being severally examined, said, That there are several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, which are very narrow and incommodius for Foot Passengers, and also for Coaches and other Carriages.

Then two Papers, containing an Account of the proposed Openings and Enlargements, together with a Plan thereof,(which1 are hereunto annexed, and marked N° 1, N* 2, and N° 3,) were produced; and the Witnesses informed your Committee, that if Openings and Enlargements were made in the Places and Manner described in the said Papers, it would be very advantageous to the Trade of the City of London, and to the Public in

Jeneral.

Mr. Alderman Gojling and Mr. Richard Peers, eing examined, said. That there are many Houses within the said City and Liberties, wherein the several Floors or Rooms are the Property and Freehold of different Persons, whereby Disputes are frequently occasioned between them, touching the pulling down and rebuilding the Fremifes, or the Party Wallsthereof; and such Rebuilding is thereby often prevented, to the great Injury of such of the said Owners as are desirous to rebuild; and the Witnesses gave several Instances of Houses so circumstanced, and particularly mentioned Four Houses in the Parish of 2ueenhith, which belong to the City, except One Chamber up One Pair of Stairs, which is private Property, and which the City were desirous of purchasing, in order to rebuild the said Monies; but the Person who treated with them not being able to make a legal Title thereto, the said Houses remain in a ruinous condition, and cannot be rebuilt.

Mr. John Philips confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Alderman Gojllug and Mr. Peers; and added, that, in some Houses, the upper Stories project further than the lower, so that no Defence can be made by Party Walls to secure such Monies from Fire.

Then an Act 110 Georgii 1 ‘ relating to the building of Party Walls, was read: Aud,

APPENDIX, N* 1.

Openings to be made.

In tile Ward of Alderfg 'ate:

A Passage 20 Feet wide to be opened from A the East Side of Aldersgate Street opposite to Little Britain, to the WestSide of Noble' Street, opposite to Oat Lcney2p\d from thence through to Wood Street, opposite to Love Lane.

In the Ward of Aldgate:

A Passage 30 Feet wide to be opened from B the Mason’s Shop facing Crutched Friars, in the Occupation of in a direct

Line to the Minories.

A Passage 25 Feet wide to be opened through C Northumberland Alley into Crutched Friars. In the Ward of Bishopsgate:

A Passage 25 Feet wide tobeopened through D Angel Court in Bishopsgate Street into Little St. Helens.

A Passage 20 Feet wide to be opened from E Broad Street, through Union Court, into Bishopsgate Street.

In Coleman Street Ward:

A Passage 40 Feet wide to be opened from F the North End of Tokenhouse Yard to London Wall.

In the Ward of Farringdon Without:

A Passage 25 Feet wide in the middle Part G of Snozv Hill, from thence to Fleet Market.

A Passage 25 Feet wide from Butcherhall H Lane into Little Britain.

'N°2.

Passages to be improved and enlarged,

In the Ward of Aldgate:

To pull down the Houses on the East Side I of Billiter Lane, in order to enlarge the Passage

to the Width of Thirty peet.

To pull down the Houses at the East End K of Leadcnhall Street, to make the Passage there Thirty-five Feet wide.

To pull down such Part of the Houses on L the East Side of Poor Jeiory Lane, beginning at and including a House on the North Side of the Horse and Trumpet, and extending Southwards towards Gould Squai'e^ as will be sufficient to range in a. Line with that End of the Lane next, to Aldgate, Jlie Passage of which is intended to be made Thirty-five Feet wide, by pulling down and # setting

3 3 Geo II. 150 Februarii.

fettingback all the Houses from the Gate to the said Morse and Trumpet.

tn broad Street Ward:

To pull down the House at the West End M of the Buildings,situate between Cornhill and Threadneedie Street, and opposite to the South End of Princes Street, and lay the Ground into the Street*

To pull clown the Houses on the Sputh Side N of Threadneedie Street, extending from the House before-mentioned Eastward, till it reaches to that Part of the Street which is opposite to the Bank Gates, and to enlarge the Passage there to Thirty-five Feet in Width.

In the Ward of Coleman Street:

To pull down One House at the North East O Corner of the Old Jewry, and another House at the South Welt Corner of Coleman Street, both of which are occupied by Brafiers, and lay the Ground thereof into the Street.

In Cordwainers Ward:

To pull down the House at the North East P Corner of Trinity Lane, near the Dog Tavern,

and lay the Ground into the Street.

In the Ward of Cornhill:

To pull down the House at the West End Q of the Buildings situate between Cornhill and Lombard Street, and lay the Ground into the Street.

In Tower Ward:

To pull down such Part of the Houses on Widening 6f £: St. Dunjtan's Hill, adjoining to the George

Alehouse, and opposite to the Chain, mid such trecis* Part of the Warehouses opposite to the End of St. Dunstan's Church, as will render the Passage there 30 Feet wide.

To pull down the House on the North West

1 Corner of Great Tower Street, now occupied by Mr Crawford, a Brushmaker, and also the House on the South East Corner of Little Tower Street, now in the Occupation of Messieurs

Julon and Lindner, Hatters, in order to make that dangerous Passage safe &nd convenient.

To pull down the House in Mark Lane

2 which adjoins to the Church of Allhallows Staining, and projects 12 Feet before the other Houses* in order to make it range in a Line with the said Houses, and enlarge the narrow Passage there.

In the Ward of Vintry:

To pull down the Hotifefc oil the North Side 3 and of Thames Street, which are situated and reach from Elbow Lane to College Hill, and also those Houses on th& South Side of the said Street, which reach from Vintners Hall to Bull Wharf Lane, in order to make the said Street 40 Feet wide.

To pull down the House at the Corner of 5 Tower Royal, facing College Hill, and lay the Ground into the Street.

In the Ward of Cripplegate Within i

To pull down the Houses which project for-

R wards at the West End of Silver Street, from the End of Monkwell Street, quite through into Aldersgate Street, to make a commodious Street 40 Feet wide.

In the Ward of Farringdon Within:

To pull down the Tin Shop and the Trunk-

S maker’s House at the South West Corner of Cheapside, leading into St. PauCs Churchyard, and lay the Ground into the Street.

To pull down such Part of the Houses in Creed Lane as will be necessary to widen the Passage to 25 Feet.

In the Ward of Farringdon Without:

To pull down all the Houses in the middle

T Row between the paved Alley adjoining to St. Sepulchre's Church and Giltfpur Street, from the North End thereof, quite through to the South End which faces Hart Street, and lay the Ground into the Street.

To pull down all the Houses in the middle

V Row between the Great Old Baity and Little Old Baity, beginning at the North End thereof which faces Hart Street, and proceeding Southwards, including the BaptiJTs Head at the South End facing the Great Old Baity, and lay the Ground into the Street.

To pull down the Shops or Sheds under St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet Street, and lay the Ground into the Street.

In Lavgbourn Ward:

To pull down such Part of the Houses at

W the End of Mark Lane, next to Fenchurch Street, as will make the Passage there 30 Feet wide.

To pull down such Part of the Houses at

X the East End of Lombard Street, as will make the Passage there 30 Feet wide.

In the Ward of Portsoken:

To pull down such Part of the Houses at

Y the End of Houndfditch, next to Aldgate High Street., as will make the Passage there 30Feet wide.

Vo 1* 28.

In the Ward of Wallbroke:

To pull down the House at the North East

6 Corner of Bucklersbury, which projects before the other Buildings.

To pull down the Two Houses between New

7 Broad Street and Nezv Broad Street Buildings, which project so far into the Street as to make the Passage and Communication to the said Streets very narrow and inconvenient.

Note, The said Plan, being N° 3. of the said Appendix, is preserved with the said Report.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to Wrotham whom the Bill for extending the Powers granted by an Heath, Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his pre- Road-sent Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to the Village of Foot's Cray, in the said County, to the Road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath to the Town of Maidfone, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout j and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed. That Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customsin Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the net Produce of the Duties of Culloms on Spirits, Brandy, and Rum, imported into Scotland, from the 5th July 1759, to the 19th December 1759: And also,

9 K An

Accounts of Duties on Spiri’f.

h<

770

An Account of the Duties of Customs repaid for Spirits exported from Scotland, from the 2.5th 0ijLDc-cember 1746, to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishidg^ach Year, and the Places of Exportation, as also the Kinds of Spirits: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Spirits imported into Scotland, from Midsummer 1744, to the 19th December 1759; distinguishing the several Sorts, and the Years: And also.

An Account of the Produce of the Duties of Customs on Spirits imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the 25th of December 1746, to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year, and the Places from whence imported, as also the Kinds of Spirits.

And then he withdrew’.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Seaorave Sir Thomas Palmer presented to the House, accord-Jndofure. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several

1760.

open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Sea grave, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the Firlbtime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That Mr. Collingzcood, Foundling Secretary to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, attended dt the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the Children now under the Care of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, from the 31st Day of December 1759, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1760, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

150 Februarii.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of maintaining the Children now under the Care of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, from the 31st Day of December 1759, exeluiive, to the 31st Day of December 1760, inclusive.

There were living Children, on the 31st Day of December 1759 - - - - 6,293

The Charge of maintaining the said Children, including the Clpthing, Charge of Servants,

Phylic, Burials, Premiums for extraordinary Care in Nurses, and various other Particulars, hath by Experience been found to amount to £.7 10s. each Child annually, amounting to

the Sum of..... - 4 7,1:97 10 —

Children taken in from the 31st Day of December 1759, exclusive, to ,tUe 8th Day of February 1760, inclusive, - 490

Considering the great Mortality attending very young Children, the Charge for those at the

End of the Year 1760 is computed at £.4 each Child - - - 1,960 — —

49*157 i° —

Towards the defraying of which Charge, there hath been already granted by Parliament - 5,000 — —

Remains - 44,157 10 —

N. B. In this Account nothing is estimated for Buildings or Repairs in the several I lospitals, nor any Estimate made for the Maintenance of such Children as have been or will be brought in between the 8th Day of February and 25th Day of March 1760.

Signed, by Order of the General Committee, Th& Collin gwood, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Weaver Ordered, That Mr. Bold, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr.

Navigation. Cholmley, and Mr. Pole, be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to amend -an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the County of Chester; and for the more effectual preserving and improving the Navigation of the said River.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the Wayi

House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mcam. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of proper Methods for encouraging the Exportation of British Spirits.

Ordered, That all Papers, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Distillery, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House relolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses, and had made a Progress in some of the Matters, to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Refilled,

Foundling The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Hosp.tal. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and The Ol der of the Day being read, for the House to Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Order be pdftponed.

3 3 Geo. II. 150 — 18°

77i-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole* House, to confkler further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lance, 18° die Februarii;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1760. Prayers.

:icrk Assist- TR. Speaker acquainted the House, That Mr. ant, &c. Yeates, who was ordered to attend at the Table

during the Absence of the Clerk Assistant, is ill;

Ordered, That Mr. Stracey do attend and assist at the Table.

Stoke Gold- Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to ington, &c. Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Roa by several Acts of Parliament, of the 8th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the Ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the 15th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways between the House commonly called the HorjejhoeHouse, in the Parish of Stoke Gotdington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton; and the Road from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the County of Bucksy to the Horseshoe House: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Leeds Bridge. Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the Borough and Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was re-ferred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Hr. Henry} Stables, being examined, said, That the Bridge over the Riverwithin the TownlhipofLa?flfr, called Leeds Bridge, is a Riding Bridge, and stands in the public Road from London to Edinburgh, by way of Derby, Sheffield, Wakefield, Leeds, Knaresborough, and Boroughbridge, or Ripon.

Mr. Robert Parker, being examined, said. That, by Length of Time, and the great Number of Waggons and Carts frequently passing over the fame, the said Bridge is greatly decayed, and requires a speedy Repair, and that the Passage over the said Bridge is greatly confined, by reason of the Narrowness of the Road over, and the Buildings, and other Encroachments made and erected at both Ends, and upon the Abutments of, the said Bridge, and that it is very dangerous to Passengers on Foot and on Horseback.

Then a Copy of an Order, made at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York, held at Pontefract the 23d of April 1759, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Sum of £.1450 was granted for repairing and widening the said Bridge: And,

John Lee Esquire, being examined, said, That the said Sum of £.1450 will not be sufficient to repair and widen the said Bridge, as it will be absolutely necessary to purchase and take down some Buildings (landing upon, or adjoining near to, the said Bridge, to open the Avenues thereto; and that it is pfoposed to raise a Sum of Money Vol. 28.

on the Township of Leeds, sufficient for that Purpose, which cannot be done without 'the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a.Rill for raising Money, for the fin idling and completing the Repair of Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, and for the purchasing and taking down the^doufes and Buildings which straiten and obstruct the Passage to and over the said Bridge: And that Mr* Wilkinson, Mr. Re- . corder of London, the Lord Carysfort, and Sir George r Savile, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, Folksworth common Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, within the Inclosure. Parish of FolkJ\worth, in the County of Huntingdon, was, read a Second time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lor&, Cartjffort, Mr. Fellowes. Sir Geo. Savile, Mr* Plumptre, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. More, Sir JVm. Pecre Williams, Mr.

Br if I owe, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bridge man,) Mr. Gore,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Foley,' Mr. Legh, Mr.

Smith, Lord Royfton, Mr. Probyn, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Haldane, Sir* Thomas Clavering, Mr. Thurjby, Sir Edmund IJhdm, Mr* Fidler, ^Ir.Cartwright, Mr. Jones,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Clive, Mr. Montagu Mr.

Geo. Onslow, Mr. FazaJcerley, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Gibbons/

General Onslow, Mr. Lloyd, Sir James Creed, Sir William Irby, and all the Members who ferveforthe Counties of* Huntingdon, Cambridge, Bedford,* Northampton, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this. Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Charles Hall, of Dr. Halt to Corpus Chrifli College in Oxford, be desired to preach preach on before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, Fast Day« upon Friday the 14th Day of March next, being the Day appointed by his Majesty V Royal Proclamation for a general Fast: And that Mr. Rose Fuller and Lieutenant General Onjloio do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee,to whom Mackworth the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Inclosure. Meadows, Pastures, and white Grounds, in the Paridi of Mackworth, in the County of Derby, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Mr. Bateman and Mrs. Osborne, who are possessed of about Thirty-five Acres of Ground in the said common Fields, which con-fist, in the Whole, of more than a Thousand Acres, who, being applied to, refused to dgn the Bill, and said, they did not think themselves obliged to give any Reason for their Refusal; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving Compensation to the Lord of the Manor, for his Right in the Soil:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr, Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom HaI|cl,4

the Name.

1

Shoreham

Harbour.

Hoby

Ir.tlosure.

772 18° Februarii. A. 1760.

the Bill to qualify and ezidb\c Samuel Halle I Esquire, now called Samuel Farewell, and his Heirs, to use and take, in Exchange for his and their own Surname, the Surname of Fareiccll, pursuant to the Will of Nathanael Farewell Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir William Peere Williams reported from the Com mi t-' tee, to whom the Petition of the Constable and Inhabitants of the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Safer, and of several Persons, Inhabitants of the Boroughs of Horsham, Bramber, and Steyning, and other Places in the said County, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Captain Henry A rthur. Commander of a Custom -hou fe Sloop at Shoreham, informed your Committee, That the Harbour of New Shoreham hath been (till within these Seven or Eight Years pad) a commodious and safe Harbour for Shipping; but that the Navigation into the same is now become very dangerous and difficult, occasioned by Shoals being thrown up at the Entrance of the said Harbour — That the said Harbour is situated in the most dangerous Part of the Channel, and the deeped Part of the Bay between Spilhead and Beachy, where the Witness has seen Twelve Vessels alhore at a time; and that, by constructing a proper Pier or Piers, the said Harbour might be rendered safe and commodious for Ships of considerable Burthen, and as good as any in England, and be of great Utility and Advantage to that Part of the Country, and Parts adjacent — That where the intended Harbour is proposed (which is opposite to Kingstone, and a Mile and an Half below Shoreham) there is Nine Feet Water at low Water, and is Two Miles to the Eadward of where the Harbour now is — That the Duties that might have been raised, upon an Average, for Twenty Years pad, according to the Duties of Hampton and Newhaven, would have been sufficient to pay the Interest of £.10,000.

And, being alked the Quedion, he said. He apprehended the lay ing a Duty only upon Ships coming into the Harbour, would not be sufficient to maintain the fame; but that it is proposed to lay a Duty upon all Vessels that land or ship Goods within the Limits of the Harbour, which Limits extend Eight or Nine Miles to the Eadward, and Five or Six Miles to the Wedward, of the present Harbour.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting Piers, and other Works, for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of Nezo Shoreham, in the County of Suftx, and for keeping the same in Repair: And that Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Brifiozve, Mr. Frederick Montagu, the Lord North, and the Lord Jlowe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Thomas Palmer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields in the Parish of Hoby, in the County of Leu refer, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill,to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quedion 22

severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

A Petition of the Justices and Grand Juries, present at Poor Law. the General Quarter Sefiio ns of the Peace, and the several Adjournments thereof, holden for the County of Norfolk, next after Epiphany One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, was prefen ted to‘the House, and read; alleging, That the Charge of maintaining the Parochial Poor of this Kingdom is become so extremely burthensome, that the Occupiers of Lands and Houses are scarce able to bear it: That an Evil of this Nature should be so long and so fenflbly felt in a trading Nation, which wants Hands in Husbandry, and in every Branch of Business, the Petitioners apprehend must be owing to some Defect in the Poor Laws, and to the Want of a more eflfectual Method of providing for the Poor, by which the Aged and Impotent may be better sustained, and the Idle and Profligate in some measure made serviceable to the Community; and that it was with the utmost Satisfaction the Petitioners observed the serious Attention paid in the last Session, to this important Matter: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into further Consideration, and grant such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, T[\2X the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Burrell presented to the House, according to Or- Coomb Bo* der, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re- BridgeRoaoi, pair, the high Roads leading from Coomb Bow Bridge, in the Parish of Thrujhelton, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Launceston, to , Haleworthy, in the County of Cornwall, and from Pen-nigillam Pool to TrckelLearn Bridge, and from Launcef-ton aforesaid to Grefton Bridge, and from Laburnick Cross to Jonas's Shop, and from Page's Cross to Hurdon Water, in the County of Cornwall: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hu fey presented to the House, according to HaTewoitby Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from thro’ Cam* Haleworthy, in the Pariifh of Davidftory, in the County ford Rwa5' of Cornwall, to the Eall End of Wade Bridge, in the said County, and from the Well End of Wade Bridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County: And the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for extending and continuing the Navigation w of the Iliver Wey, otherwise Wye, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Godalming, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Middleton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord North, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord Carysfort, M r. Kynaston, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Hu fey, General Onslow, Mr. Molyneux,

Mr. Cartzoright, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Godolphin, Mr.

Hewett, Mr. Wilkes, Mi’. Townshend, Mr. Kepple, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Bankes, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Nugent,

Lord Strange, Mr. Burrel, Lord John Cavendish, Mr.

Bacon, Mr Gore, Mr. Montagu, Mr. West, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Butler, Mr. Clive, Mr. Smith,

Mr. Calthorpe, M r. Probyn, S\r FrancisPoole, M r. Bowes,

Lord Thomond, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Cecil Biflwp, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Warren, General A'Court, Mr. Webb, Lord Carpenter,

Mr. Coventry, Sir Matthew Feat herflonehaugh, Mr. 01-mius; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sufex, Southampton, MiddleJ'ex, and Hertford:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hewett presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and com- Inc

mon

Googh

35 Geo. II. 18" — 190

mon Fields of Brotighloii Sidney, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time*

loucefar, A Bill for continuing the Term of, and enlarging and t. Roads, altering the Powers granted by, an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading from the City of Glmuejier, towards the City of Hereford, and for repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucester, in the said Act mentioned; and for making the said Act more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toMr. Hayward, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaf ton, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Fellowes, S\v Thomas Palmer, Mr. Toxaifhend, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProSor, Mr. Bo got, Sir William Courtenay, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Lord North, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Core, Mr. Foley, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Probyn, Mr. West, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Geo. Onjlcxo, Mr. Freeman, Mr Calthorpe, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Clive, Sir Francis Dq/7ncood; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Hereford, and Worcester; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Hinckley, A Bill for repairing and widening the highRoads from &c. Roads. Hinckley to Woefull Bridge, and also from Hoo-ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swannington, to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from lb-Jock to Mea(ham,\o the Counties oi Leicester Dei'by,

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Foley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Smith, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Nugent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Warwick, Derby, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

>akhampton A Bill for repairing several Roads leading to the Town Roads. Gf Oahhampton, in the County of Devon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir William Courtenay, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Wm, Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Boone, Lord Strange, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gore, Mr. Foley, Mr. Olrnius, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Wittes, Mr. Hewett; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Salford A Bill to enable the raoft Noble Francis Duke of Canal. Bridgezvatcr to vary tfce Course of a navigable Cut or Canal authorized to be made by an Act passed in the Jail Session of Parliament, by making such Cut or Canal to, and conveying the same over, the River Irwell, at or near Barton Bridge, and from thence to the Town of Manchrjler, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to extend a Branch from such Cut or Canal to or near Longford Bridge, in the Town jh ip of Stretford, in the said County, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Lord Carysfort,^lr\ Bacon, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Gore, Mr. Tozvnf hand, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Brand, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Moore, Mr. Chelwynd, Mr. Anjon, Mr. Dazonay, Mr. Howard, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Brijlowe, Mr. Ongley, Mr.

Vol. 28.

Februariu 773

Staunton, Mr. Warren, Mr. Selwyji, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Shelley, Sir John Crojfe, Lord Farnham, Sir TIiGmas Palmer, Mr. Smith, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr.

Probyn, Mr. Herbert, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr.

Holt, Lord Digby, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Villiers, Mr.

Ellis, Mr. Offley, Mr. Calthorpe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chefer, Stafford, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Foundluig resolve ilfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to Hospital. take into further Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply# resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ways whole House to consider further of Ways and Means for Meins*

raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses; and had made a further Progrels in feme of the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn^ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 190 dieFe;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

QRD E RED, That all Committees be revived. Committee!.

Sir Thomas Palmer presented to the House, according Asfordby to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and Inclosure. common Fields of Asfordby, in the County of Leicester:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Derby the Bill to amend and render more effectual Two Acts, Roads# passed in the nth and 17th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the 1 own of Derby, in the County of Derby, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-» rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hously: And severalAmendments were made by the House to the Bill.

g L Ordered,

774 19° Februarii. . 1760,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wye River. Ordered, That Mr. Norton, Mr. George Onslow, be

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending and continuing the Navigation of the River Wey, otherwise Wye, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Godalming, in the said County, is committed.

Halifax, &c* A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and ituad*. ©fhers, in and near the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the Ho life, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill has been ordered in for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the said Town of Halifax, by Tormorden, to the Towns of Burnley and Lit-tlebrough, in the County of Lancaster; and letting forth. That the Road from Sowerby Bridge (where the Navigation of the River Colder, in the said Riding, when perfected, will terminate),is aboutOne Mile from the thereby intended Turnpike Road at Luddcndeu Foot; and alleging, that if Provision was made, in the said Bill, for opening and repairing the fame, so as to join the said intended Turnpike Road from Sowerby Bridge to Ludden-den Foot, it would be a Means of making the same of more Use to the Public, as it will also join- at Sowerby Bridge the Turnpike Road from Rochdale to Halifax: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for opening and repairing the said Road accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coufiderat ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the Tame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Montagu, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fuller, Sir Robert. Burdctt, M r. Jlewelt, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr, Boone, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Jlarbord, Mr. Olniius, Mr. Plumptre, General Cornwallis, Mr. Sandys, Lord Digby, Mr. Townshend, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fc llowes, Mr. Cartwright. Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Legh, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Butler% Mr. More, Mr. Smith, Mr. Thynne, Mr. Frederick Mon-tagu, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Probyn, Lord Villiers; and all the Members whoserve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cuml/erland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sotirerby Mr. Thoroton reported from the Committee, to whom

Inclosure. the j$j]i for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Sonurby, in the County of Iwdctfler, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Mr. Gee, who is possessed of Five Yard Lands, who laid, he approved of the Bill,but, as he did not know whether Inciofurcs were against the Poor, he refused tofign it; and except Two of the‘People called Quakers, one of whom is possessed of Two Yard Lands, and is a Lunatic, and the other is a Trustee for Haifa Yard Land, applied to charitable Uses, who said, he could not consent to any thing for the Benefit of the Clergy, but would do as other Proprietors did} and also except the Owners of Three Cottages, who could not be found; and that the whole Lands intended to be inclosed consist of upwards of Thirty-six Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout -r and then a

Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Annuiti* Account of the Income of the Fund for paying Annuities granted Anno 1759, with the Charge ou the same Fund, on the 5th Day of January 1760.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re- TamwonJj, parr, the high Roads from the Borough ot'Tamworth to Koaw. Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Iwicester, and from Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid to Sawley Ferry, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Burdctt., Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Legh, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Harbord, Mr. 'Geo.Onslow, Mr Nugent,

Mr.Oswald, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Willy, Mr. Rose Fuller,

Mr. West, Mr, Herne, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Thoroton, Mr.

Olniius, Mr. More, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Martin,

Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Oswald, Mr.,&W$tf,

Sir Geo.Savile, Mr. Fletcher, Lord Villiers, Mr. Fonereau,

Mr. Buller, Mr. Bagot; and all the Members w ho serve for the Counties of Derby, Leicester, Warwick, and Suf ford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable his Majesty to make Leases, and Duchy of Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of (j'or^ n his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, was ta ',&Cl read a Second time.

Rfblved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Henry Stoffold and Robert StoMi Stoffold Gentlemen, now called Henry Aujlen and Robert Austen,ax)d their Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Aujlen, instead of their own Surname and Arms, pursuant to the Will of Robert Aujlen Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Henry Stoffold and Robert Stoffold Gentlemen, now called Henry Aujlen and Robert A’/fieri, and their Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Anns of A often, instead of their own Surname and Arms, pursuant to the Will of Robert Aujlen, Esquire, dectaled.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Sir George presented to the House, according u2gl;-to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors, barnhy,it Commons, and waste Grounds, in the Manors 0l Uggle- Iuclolun‘ barnby and E/kdalefide, in the Pari*]) of Whitby, and County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second* time.

Mr. Carkvright reported from the Committee, to Marflcnk whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common La*? Field, common Pastures, common Meadow's, common Grounds, and waste Grounds in Marjion St. Lawrence, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties* concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Thomas Hancock and Rickard Hancock, whose Property together consist of Three Yard Lands and a Quarter, and who, being severally applied to, refused to sign the Bill, but said, they had no Objection to inclosing the Field, if Justice was

done.

33 Geo. II. i <f- — 10° 775

done them in the Inclosure; and except John Bkncmes Yeoman, whole Property consists of three Quarters of a Yard Land, who, on being applied to, said; he would onot sign the Bill upon any Account; and also except John Chester, whole Property consists of Half a Yard Land, who, on being applied to, refused to sign the Bill, because the Hancocks had not, but said he had no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the whole of the said Fields intended to be inclosed consist of about 48 Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Com* inittee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

Barrow A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several open and luciofure. common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Barrow upon Soar,in the County of Leicester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Freeman, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr, Ryder, Mr. Legh, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Olmius, Mr. H arbor d, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Gore, Mr. More, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. EUiot, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thorolon, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Willy, Mr. West, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Wilkes', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of heicefier, Nottingham, Derby, Wai'wick, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Seagra?e A Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Inclosuic. Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Sea grave, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second lime.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas

Palmer, Mr. Charlton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Jlarbor d, Mr. Willy, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. OIndus, Mr. Herne, Mr. West, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Smith, Lord Strange, Mr. Bagot, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Thorolon, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ryder, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Freeman; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Lincoln, Nottingham, Derby, Warwick, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Spencer’* An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing Maria Elizabeth Spencer, Wife of Richard Spencer Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. More, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Staunton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Hewett, Lord Middleton, Mr. Hay-ward, Mr. Willy, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Felloices, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Herne \ and all the Members who serve for the County of Middkfsx and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read;

Goodflefh’s The House resolved itself into a Committee of the pivorce. whole House, upon the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Mark Goodjiejh Gentleman, with Elizabeth Fielding, his now . Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other vPurpofos therein mentioned.

Vol. 28*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wilkes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wilkes reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill; and that no Counsel or Part}' appeared against the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 20° die Februariij

Anno 330 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Com- Trent mon Council, and principal Inhabitants, of the Navigation* City of Coventry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also,

A Petitiqp of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Ditto. Inhabitants, of the Town of Athcrstone, in the County of Warwick;

Were severally prefen ted to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition is depending in the House, for a Bill for appointing new Commissioners, impowering them more effectually to carry into Execution an Act, passed in the 10th and 1 ith Years of his late Majesty King William, for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and, Stafford navigable; and also for making the said River navigable from Burton, in the County of Stafford, to the Mouth of the River Tame, and from thence to the Town of Tamicorth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick; and that the Petitioners conceive such Improvement will be of great Utility to the Public: And therefore praying, That such a Bill may be brought in, and that the same may pass into a Law, by such Ways and Means, and under llich Powers, Regulations, and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Hinckley# mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the ^oads* high Roads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and also from Hoo-afi Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swan-nington to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melhourn Common, and from Ibstock to Measham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, is committed.

Mr. Grove reported from the Committee, to whom Bsrford the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Inclosure* common Pa ft u res, common Meadows, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Parish of'Barford, in the County of Warwick, was committed, That jthe Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except John Hobbins, who is pofi'efled of Three Yard Lands, and who, being applied to, said, he would not sign the Bill, beoause there were enough without him; and except Mary Hobbins, who is possessed of One Yard Land, and who, being applied to, said, she would not sign the Bill, because her Son did not; and also except John Cotlerill\ who is possessed of One Yard Land, who could not he met with, in order to be applied to; and that the whole common Fields intended to be inclosed, consist of Forty-nine Yard Lands and a Half; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward*

R* ackworth Indofuie.

Burton Bridge, 8cc. Roads.

Widening

Lontfon

Streets.

Dalkeith

Twopenny

Scots.

776 200 Februarii. A. 1760.

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, That some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and wade Grounds, in the Parish of Mackworth, in the County of Derby, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Afii for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Meadow's, Pastures, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Mackworth, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Villiers presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and widening the Roads leading from Burton Bridge, at or near Burton uponTrcnt, in the County of Stafford, to MeaJJiam, in the County of Derby, and from thence to Market Bofiqprth, in the County of Leicester, and from thence to Hinckley, in the said County, and from Belchiers, in the Road betwixt NelJ'on and Ibstock, in the said County, to Hoop Hall near Market Bosworth a I’o re fa id, and from Measham aforesaid to Filand, other wise Fieldon Bridge, near Athcrston, in the County of Warwick, and from Tam-worth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, to Market Bosworth aforesaid, and from thence through Peckleton into the most convenient Part of the Turnpike Road leading from Earl Shilton to Leicester aforesaid, and from Polesworth Bridge, in the said County of Warwick, to the Guide Post at the End of Pinwall Lane, w here it joins the Road from Great Sheepy to Fieldon Bridge aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Friday Jail, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred, might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for determining Disputes about rebuilding Houses, or the Party Walls thereof, wherein several Persons have an intermixed Property; and for the better regulating of Buildings; and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the said City and Liberties: And that Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Richard Glynn, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Recorder of London, Mv. Alderman Dick-infon, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir John Philipps, and Sir Samuel Fludyer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was informed, That the Petition of the Baron, Baillie, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Dalkeith, in the County of Edinburgh, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday the 19th Day of December last, and referred to the Consideration of a Committee, was missing,

Ordered, That Leave be given to present another such Petition.

Another Petition of the Baron, Baillie, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Dalkeith, in the County of Edinburgh, was accordingly presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Streets of the said Town are in a ruino.us Condition; and that the Inhabitants are . at present in great Want of freffi and wholesome Water, which might easily be obtained, if a sufficient Fund was raised for defraying the Expences of conveying the same to the Town: That the Number of Inhabitants of the ib

said Town is of late Years very much increased, so that it becomes necessary to employ an Assistant to the Minister of the said Parish: That the Town are pofi felled of no Revenue, and consequently are altogether unable to defray the Expence of the aforesaid public Works: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended, within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith, to be applied to the Purposes aforesaid, under fuchTerms, and with such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes of the House, of the said former Petition, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

A Witness was called in; who, at the Bar, informed the House, that the Petition now presented is exactly the same as the said former Petition, andfigned by the same Persons, and no others.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the Petition now presented be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said former Petition was referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House a Copy UfeofSriiu of a Letter from Mr. Burchett, Secretary to the Admi- in the Navy, ralty, dated January 26, 1739, to Do61or Pellet, President of the College of Physicians, together with the Opinion of the College, and Doctor Pellet's Answer, relative to the Use of Spirits diddled from Malt on board his Majesty’s Fleet.

A Petition of the several Charterers, Land-owners, London Leaseholders, and Inhabitants, of the Township of Long- Indofwt ton, in the County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunder severally subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners take Notice, that a Petition has been presented to the House, to inclose or dint certain Parels of wade Ground in Long-ton aforesaid, containing about 750 Statute Acres; and representing to the House, that although the said common or waste Grounds be open and uncultivated, yet the same (especially the Higher Marsh) are very good Pasture Lands, and cannot.in any respect he more improved; and that the same have been immemorially used and enjoyed as Common of Pasture, as well by the Charterers and Land-owners, as also by the Cottagers and Inhabitants living within the said Township, for all their Cattle and Geele, without Number, as they were able to keep (but confiding chiefly of Sheep and Scotch Cattle), without any Molestation from the Lords of the Manor, or any of the Landholders within the said Township, to the very great Relief and Maintenance of several Families redding within the said Township; and that that Part of the said common or waste Grounds, called the Lower Marsh, is so near to the Sea, that One Half of the fame, or more, is overflowed at Spring Tides, on which account it will be impossible to inclose or Hint the same with any Certainty; and that although by the inclosing or dinting the fame, in Exclusion of the Inhabitants and Cottagers, the Charterers, Land-owners, and Leaseholders, would reap greater Benefit from the Common than they do at present, yet, as the inclosing and dinting the same w'ould be attended with many great Inconveniences and Lofies to the Inhabitants and Cottagers, by depriving them of their Right of Common (to which they apprehend they have an indisputable Right, as having a prescriptive Right of Common of Pasture in the said waste Grounds) and, in its Consequences, would tend to the great Impoverishment, and utter Ruin of many Families, and cauling the greatest Part of them to become chargeable to the said Township: In Consideration whereof, and forasmuch as the greatest and heaviest Part of the Taxes would, in that Cafe, fall upon the smallest Land-owners; as the Lord*

33 Geo. II. 2 On — 2 T Fehtuarii, 777

Lords of the Manor have generally leased out theft Lands for Lives, and thereby subje&ed the Lessees to the Payment of all the Taxes; the Petitioners hope,

that, for those, and many other Reasons that might be

alleged, they may be heard, by their Counsel, in Ob* jection to the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do he upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing divers Parcels of waste Grounds or Commons in Longton, in the County of Lancaftev, and for enjoying Part thereof as a dinted Padure, until the Inclosureof the fame; is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Majt Mr. Stanley, from the Commissioners for executing Spirits, the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presentedto the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett, Secretary of the Admiralty, to Doctor Pellctt, President of the College of Physicians, dated the 26th January 1739: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Doctor Pellctt, President of the College of Physicians, to Mr. Burchett, Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 5th of February 1739, with the Opinion of that College concerning the Ule of Malt Spirits in his Majesty’s Fleet.

And the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be pevufed by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preserved amongd the other Papers of this Session.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways The House resolved itself into a Committee of the ted Means. wholeHouse, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in some of the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Friday Morning next, except . Mr. Farrar, Mr. George Bryant, Mr. James llotideauy and Mr. Thomas Delamottc.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

'Accounts of &uj«r, &a.

yovis, 210 die Februarii;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1760. Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from 'the Commissioners of the Customs, in Scotland, Attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Duties arising from Sugar imported into Scotland, and of the Quantities of Sugar carried Coastwise from England into Scotland, from the 25th of December 1746, to Michaelmas 1759: And also,

Vol. 28.

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits ek)3orted from Scotland, from Midsummer 1744, to the 19th December 1759; distinguishing the several Sorts and Years.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles <$f the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amorigft the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*

Ordered, That Mr. Thoyts do>To-morrowMorning> Ways and attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Means, is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Halifax, whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders* &c. Heads* and others, in and near the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. William Cockcroft and Mr Abraham Gibson, being severally examined, said. That they know the Road from Sozverby Bridge to the intended Turnpike Road at Lud-detiden Foot: That it is ruinous and narrow; and if Provision was made (in the Bill for repairing the Road from Halifax to Burnley and LitUebrough) for repairing the said Road from Sozverby Bridge to Luddenden Foot, it would be of public Utility.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of,

Halifax, in the County of York, by Tbdmerden, to Burnley and Littlebrough, in the County of Lancaster, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from Sozverby Bridge to the intended Turnpike Road near Luddenden Foot.

A Petition of Dorothy Wynne Widow, Robert Shafto Hunwick Esquire, William Blackett Gentleman, Humphrey Barker Inclosure. Yeoman, and Thomas Hodgson Yeoman, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners Dorothy Wynne and Robert Shafto are seised of, or entitled to One Messuage, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Townships of Newton Cap. Wetton, and Efchomb, in the County of Durham, of considerable Value; and that the Petitioners, William Blackett,

Humphrey Barker, and Thomas Hodgson, axe seised of, or entitled to, divers Meffiiages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Townships of Hunzoick and Nezvton Cap. in the said County, of considerable Value; and taking Notice, that a Bill is brought in for inclosing and dividing the Moor or Common called Hunwick Edge, in the Manor of Bondgate, and County of Durham; and further alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if such Bill should pass into a Law, it would greatly pre- judice them in their Estates: And therefore praying,

That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, unt il the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the com- fjoby mon and open Fields in the Parish of Hoby, in the Iuclofare, County of Leicester, was read the Third time.

g M Resolved,

r

2 i° Pebruafit. 17^0.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields in the Parish of Hoby, in the County of

Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Goodflefh’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Divorce. to dissolve the Marriage of Mark Goodflejh Gentleman, with Elizabeth Fielding his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, Th?X the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Derby An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more effectual Roads. Two Acts, passed in the nth and 17th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Der by, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts, passed in the nth and 17th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Chiflfhurst A Bill for veiling several Lands and Tenements in Charity the Parish of Chiflehuvft, in the County of Kent, given Lands. to charitable Uses for the Benefit of the said Parish, in the Right honourable Robert Bertie Esquire, commonly called Lord Robert Bertie, and his Heirs; and for making Provision of greater Value, instead thereof, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Cormvallis, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Prottor, Lord Middleton, Mr. Stanley, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Thomas Townshend junior, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Dazonay, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Grove, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr Bacon, Sir JohnCroffe, Mr Bayntun, Sir Geo.Savite, Me. Fellozoes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Fane, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Rose Fuller, Sir Wm. Peere Williams, Mr. More, Sir Janies Colebrooke, Mr. Northey, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bold, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Martin, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Hujjh), Mr. Oswald, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Charles Townshend of Yarmouth, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Grenville; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Sussex, and Middlesex; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wrotham An ingrossed Bill for extending the Powers granted Heath,&c. by an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his Road. present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thenpe to the Village of Foot's Cray, in the said County, to the Road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath to the Town of Maidstone, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act; for extending the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to the Village of Foot's Cray, in the said County, to the* Road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath ta the Town oiMaidflone.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the acting Trustees for putting in Exe- Fafcty Bodgt cution an Act, made in the 10th Year of his late Mu- Koads-jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Dunchurch, in the County of Warzcick, to the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the said County; and of Two other Act*, made in the 13th and 26th Years of his present Majesty, for continuing and rendering more effectual the said Act; whose Names are thereunto subscribed; in behalf of themselves, and other the Trustoes for putting in Execution the said Acts; was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill hath been presented to the Hous<% for repairing and widening the high Roads from Fafely Bridge to the Turnpike Gate at Nuneaton Gap, and from the Turnpike Road at the Turning near the Harrori) Alehouse to Lutterworth Hand, and from Shu(lock Church End to Fieldon Bridge, and from the Arbour Houses at Mancetter Laue End, and from the Poor’s Houses near Over Whitacre Furnace End, to Nuneaton, and from Nuneaton, to the Turnpike Road leading from Coventry to Harborough, and from the Guide Post in Hinckley to the End of Sketchley Heath Lane, in the Counties of Warwick and Leicester; and that great Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolis by the said Acts granted and continued, and are now owing; and that the present Receipt of the Tolis is but barely sufficient to discharge the Interest of the present Debts thereon, and to keep up and support the said Road; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, should the said Bill pass into a Law, it would, in its Consequences, so dimjnish the present Tolls, as to render the same incapable of discharging the Interest of the Monies now owing thereon, and of supporting and keeping up the said Road: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Counfel, against such Parts of the said Bill as they apprehend will affect them, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Carysfort presented to the House, accord- Market ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Harbnrot^ granted by an Act;, made in the 25th Year of the Reign &c*Road-of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the '

Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound in the Pjarish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon; and by one other Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said former Act: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom XjttQhm the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields lndofjre. within the Parish of Lutcham, alias Lilcham, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing the Rights of Common, or Shackage, in the said common Fields, and certain other Lands, in the said Parish, called Half Year Closes; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingpoffed.

And

idge

to.

idderrainster

Road?.

33 Geo. II.

11{

-12

And then the House adjourned till Tb-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Verieris, 2 2 die Februarii;

Anno 33* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1766; Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Wilford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Income of the Fund for paying Annuities granted Anno 1759, with the Charge on the same Fund, to the 5th Day of January 1760.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the principal Freeholders and Inhabitants of Nuneaton, whose Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is depending in the House for a Road from the White Lyon in Shuflock to Nuneaton, and from thence to Wootvey Heath, by Claud's Bush, to the Turnpike Road in Willey Field, leading from thence to Lutterworth, which the Petitioners allege will be of great Advantage to that Country in general, and especially to the County of Northampton: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of divers Inhabitants, Land-owners, and Occupiers of Lands, in the Parish of Daventry, in the County of Northampton, on behalf of themselves, and others living near to the great Poll Road leading from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton* to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick* was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill has been brought in for repairing and widening the high Road from Fafely Bridge to the Turnpike Gate at Nuneaton Gap, and from the Turnpike Road at the Turning near the Harrow Alehouse to Lutterworth Hand, and from Shujlock Chui'ch End, to Fieldon Bridge, and from the Arbour Houses at Mancetter Lane End, and from the Poor’s Houses near Over Whitacre Fni'nace End to Nuneaton, and from Nuneaton to the Turnpike Road leading from Coventry to Harborough, and from the Guide Post in Hinckley to the End of Sketchley Heath Lane, in the Counties of Warwick and Leicester; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that, should such a Bill pass into a Law, it would, in its Consequences, be in a great measure destructive not only to the great Poll Road leading from Old Stratfordx through Daventry, to Dunchurch aforesaid, but also to that Part of the great Poll Road leading from West Chester to London, through Mcreden, Coventry, and Dunchurch, in the said County of Warzvick, and will be otherwise injurious not only to the Petitioners, but to all others travelling on, or residing near, the said grdat Poll Road: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may afle& them, or beotherwise relieved in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Bewdley, and the principal Inhabitants of the Village of Wribbenhall, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Leave is given to bring in a Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from the Market House in the Town of Kidderminster, in the said County; and also taking Notice, that the Roads leading from Kiddemin Vol. 28.

fter to Betvdley Bridge, and to a certain Place called Blake Down, and to Iverlcy Iiill, and to a Place called the Seven Stars, and the Road branching out of, and leading from, the high Road leading by Broad Waters, through the Breach Lane; to Wolverky, and from thence to Wribbenhall, in the Way to Bewdley Bridge, are in-. tended to be repaired by virtue of the said Act, and are separate from, and independent of, the several Roads leading from Kidderminster to Quafford, in the Way to Bridgenorth, and from Kidderminster to Bromsgrove, also intended to be repaired by virtue of the said Act; and alleging, that unless the Tolls granted by the said Act are separately applied, the Tolls arising from Cattle and Carriages going from Birmingham, Stourbridge, and Wolverhampton, to Bewdley Bridge, which are verycon-siderable, will be applied to amend the said Roads between Kidderminster and Quatford, and Kidderminster arid BrOmfgrove, which are no way connected with the said other Roads, and will prevent the Tolls ever being taken off on the Roads to Bewdley Bridge; and setting forth,that the high Roads leading and extending from Bewdleij Bridge to Titton Brook, in the Road to the City of Worcester, are also in divers Places very ruinous, so that Carriages cannot pass, especially in the Winter Season, without great Danger, and in many Places thereof are very narrow and incommodious; and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the Laws ini being; and unless Provision be also made, in the said Bill; for amending the said Road to Titton Brook; the Tolls arising between Bewdley Bridge and Kidderminster* will be evaded by Cattle and Carriages going from Kidderminster Common into the Titton Road in the Way to Bewdley, which will greatly lessen the said Tolls, and very much delay the amending of the said Roads: And therefore praying. That, in the said Bill, Provision may be made for the better amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads leading from Bewdley Bridge to Titton Brook; and that Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for putting the same in Execution, by taking several Tolls, to be separately applied on the said respective Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Comm i (boners appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Crofsford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town oiMan-chester, in the County Palatine of LancaAcr, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That in pursuance of the Powers granted by the said Act, the Petitioners have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls; and that £. 3,400, and upwards, now remain due thereon, which have been duly applied in repairing the said Road, and raising a Cop or Bank in Part of the said Road, which used to be frequently overflowed by the River Mersey; and that if the Bill depending in the House, to enable the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to vary the Course of a navigable Cut or Canal authorized to be made by an Act passed in the Jaft Session of Parliament, by making such Cut or Canal to, and conveying the same over, the River Jrwell, at or near Barton Bridge, and from thence to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to extend a Branch from such Cut or Canal to or near Longfoi'd Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the said County, should pass into a Law, without proper Restrictions and Regulations, the Petitioners apprehend it will cause so great a Diminution of the Tolls, as will render it iropofEkle for them to keep the said Road in Repair, and pay off the said Debt; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if Swivel Bridges be erected over the said Cut or Canal, in and upon the said Turnpike Road, the same will be prejudicial, and much retard Fer-fons passing and repassing, as the same is the coromoh Pail Road from Manchester to London: And,therefore

praying

Salford

Canal.

Dunchurch, Icc. Hoad.

Hinckley 4k. Read

780

praying the Hdufe, That Provisioris rti&y he mdde, in the said Bill, to prevent any Prejudice accruing either to the Creditors of the said Tolls, or to the Public;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of Two several Acts of Parliament, made in the 12th and 16th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing Ihe Road from the Du?i Cow, in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town of Hillmoreton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to St. James's End in the Parish of Duston, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Trustees to the said Acts have borrowed the principal Sum of £. 1,200 on the Credit of the said Acts, which now remains due, with some Arrear of Interest; and that although the Money so borrowed, together with the Toils, have been duly applied pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts, yet several Parts of the said Road remain in a ruinous Condition; and unless some Remedy be speedily had,the same will become impalpable; and as the Repair of the said Road cannot be effectually completed, and the Money borrowed on Mortgage as aforesaid repaid, unless the Term, during which the said Tolls are granted, be prolonged, and the several Powers and Provisions, granted by the said former Acts, be extended, and rendered more effectual: Therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Acts, and for making the same ...ore effectual for completing the Repair of the said Road, and for keeping the same in Repair, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem requisite and expedient.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes of the House, of the 21st Day otjanuary last, of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are there-uuto subscribed, being Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Dun Cow in Dunchurch to Hillmoreton, in the County of Wai'wick, and from thence to St. James's End, in the Town of Northampton, and likewise of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, living near the said Road, whose Names are there-, unto subscribed, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House was also moved, That the Report, which, upon Thursday the 14th Day of this instant February, was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred; together with the Proceedings of the House thereupon; might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition last presented be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Foley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Morgan, Mr, Harvey, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Thurjby, Sir Wm. Peere Williams, Mr. Ryder, Lord Strange, Mr. Pye, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vyner, Mr. More, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bagot, Colonel Grey, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Brijlozce, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Forrefter,.}Ar. Smith, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Poore, Mr. Hammond; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Bucks, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Wollaston Esquire was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is depending for repairing and widening the high Roads

17^0.

from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and also from Hoo-ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swaitnington to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from Ibflock to Mcasham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby \ and alleging, that the Petitioner is Owner of certain Coal Mines in the Parish of Measham, in the County of Derby, anc] that if the said Hill, as it now stands, should pass into a Law, the Petitioner apprehends it may give such Advantages to the Proprietors of the Collieries at Coleorton and SwanningU n, as will be greatly detrimental to the Petitioner: Ami therefore praying, That he may be heard by himself, or Coutifel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as affect his Interest, or that he may have such other Relief as to the House dial I feern meet.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, HiackW, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the County &c.Roi of Leicester, was also presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and alleging, that the said Road from Hinckley, to cr near Ojbaston, comprised in the said Bill, runs parallel with, and near to, the Road leading from Hinckley, through Market Bosworth, by Hoop Hall, to a Place called Belchiers, and which last mentioned Road is, amongst several other Roads, directed to be repaired by a Bill which is also depending before the House; and that the making a commodious and good Road from the said Towrn of Hinckley, through Market Bosworth, by Hoop Hall, to Belchiers aforesaid, will be of much greater public Utility than a Road, however commodious, from the said Town of Hinckley, through Cade by and Ojhujlcn; and the Petitioners have great Reason to apprehend, that, if both the Branches of Road aforesaid should beat-tempted to be repaired by Tolls to arise from Carriages and Passengers travelling the said Roads, the good Intentions of the House will by no means be answered, as the Petitioners apprehend sufficient Tolls may not be collected effectually to repair both Branches of Road; and then the Consequence will be, that the Country must be charged with the Payment of the Tolls upon both Branches of Road, without receiving any Benefit from such Payments; whereas, on the contrary, if that Branch of Road only which leads from Hinckley aforesaid, through Market Bosworth, and by Hoop Hall, to Belchiers, was directed to be repaired by the l olls ariGng upon the said Road, the Petitioners have no Doubt but the Collection upon that Branch of Road would defray the Expences of effectually repairing and widening the fame; and that the amending that Branch of Road only would be as advantageous to the Public, as if both Branches of the Road could be repaired and widened:

And therefore praying the House, That the Petitioners may be be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as relate to repairing the Road from the Hand or Guide Post in Duck Paddle Street, in the said Town of Hinckley, to Belchiers; and also to give their Reasons why the Branch of Road only, which leads from Hinckley to Market Bosworth, by Hoop Halt, to Belchiers aforesaid, should be directed to be repaired, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Pre-mi fes as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to bqs referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be severally heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

The Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ChtlbR according to Order, a Bill for repairing anc) widening . Roi* the Road from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Cheferfield to Matlock Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road, on the High Moors, to Rowejly Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road, oyer Darley Bridge, to Cross Green, in the County of Derby; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr.

220 Februarii.

33 Geo. IL I26Pehrjit

Lewis’s Mr. Letois reported from the (Committee, to whom Name. the Bill to enable Thomas Lewis Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Lloyd, pursuant to the Will of Richard Lloyd Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second, time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Fafely Bridge A Bill for repairing and widening the high Roads from

Roads. Fafely Bridge to the Turnpike Gate at Nuneaton Gap, and from the Turnpike Road at the Turning near the Harrow Alehouse to Lutterworth Hand, and from Shuf lock Church End to Fieldon Bridge, and from the Arbour Houses at Mancetter Lane End, and from the Poor's Houses near Over Whitacre Furnace End, to Nuneaton, and from Nuneaton to the Turnpike Road leading from Coventry to Harborough, and from the Guide Pod in Hinckley to the End of Sketchley Heath Lane, i n the Counties of Warwick and Leicester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Barrington, Mr. Montagu, Lord North, Mr. Herne, Lord Royfton, Mr. Fel-lowes, Lord Middleton, Mr. Butler, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Poore, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Huffey, Sir Geo. Dal-. fione, Mr. Hezvelt, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fuller, Lord Vernev. Mr. Plumptre, Sir James Creed, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wigley, Mr. More, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Lysler, Mr. Morton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Howard, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Thor0ton, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Thyme, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Townflend, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Moore, Mr. Wilkin fan, Mr. Bagot, Lord Strange, Mr. Smith, Lord Villiers. Mr. Nugent, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Amy and, Mr Waiter, Mr. Fane, Mr. Drax, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Grove, Mr. Hammond, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Ryder, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Reynolds; and all the Members who serve for Counties of Warwick, Leicester, Northampton, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, principal Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the City of Coventry, whose Common Seal and Names are thereunto affixed and subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants of the said City, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday the 13th Day of this instant February, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill should be read a Second time, be referred to the Confide rat ion of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their laid Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Petition of the acting Trustees for . putting in Execution an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Dunchurch,h\ the County of Warwick, to the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the said County; and of Two other Acts, made in the 13th and 26th Years of his present Majesty* for continuing and rendering more effectual the said Act, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other (IieTrustees for putting in Execution the said Acts,which was Yesterday presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill lliould be read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard by their VOL. 2$.

Counsel before the said Committee, upon their said Petition if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Petition of divers Inhabitants, Land^owners* and Occupiers of Lands, in the Parish of Daventry, in the County of Northampton, on behalf of themselves, and others living near to the great Poll Road leading from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, this Day presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill should be read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy* Freeholders, Farmers, Innkeepers, and Tradesmen, in and about Mereden, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants about and in the said Parish, which was presented to the House upon Thursday the 14th Day of this instant February, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill should be read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration gf the ' said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard; by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That all Petitions, which have been pre* fented to the House in favour of the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard iii Longton favour.of the Bill for inclosing divers Parcels of waste Inclosuro. Grounds or Commons in Ij)ngton, in the County of Lan- . cajier, and for enjoying Part thereof as a dinted Paftur$ until the Inclosure of the fame, against the Petition of the several Charterers, Land-owners, Leaseholders, and Inhabitants, of the Township of Longton, in the County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunder severally subscribed, at the same time that Counsel is ordered to be heard upon the said Petition, against the said Bill,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, fB ., to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the high Rowis. " Roads from Fafely Bridge to the Turnpike Gate at Nuneaton Gap, and from the Turnpike Road at the Turning near the Harrozv Alehouse to Lutterworth Hand, and from Shufiock Church End to Fieldon Bridge, and from the Arbour Houses at Mancetter Lane End, and from the Poor’s Houses near Over Whitacre Furnace End, to Nuneaton, and from Nuneaton to the Turnpike Road leading from Coventry to Harborough, and from the Guide Post in Hinckley to the End of Sketchley Heath Lane, in the Counties of Wurwick and Leicester, is committed, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, in favour of the said Bill, at the same time that Counsel is to be heard upon the several Petitions, against Parts of the said Bill, which have been referred to the said Committee. '

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was BrMo&ndgft presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the c‘ Bridge of Bristol, over the River Avon, is a great Thoroughfare, as well for Horses and Cattle as Foot Passengers, and, by means of the present Buildings Hand* ing thereon, is extremely narrow,inconvenient, and dangerous, as are also the Streets, Ways, and Passages, leading and contiguous thereto, whereby Mischiefs frequently happen to Persons and Carriages passing to and over the said Bridge, to the daily Hindrance of Trade and Commerce; and that the Foundation of the said Bridge appears, on Examination, to be found and good; and the Bridge capable of such Improvements, by rebuilding from the said Foundation, as may be of public Utility, and Advantage to the Navigation; and that the taking down the Houses Handing ujx>n the said Bridge, and widening such Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, leading towards the fame, where ncceflltry, and removing 3 N other

u»

782 22° FebruariL A. ij6o.

other Annoyances and Obstrnftions,wiIl be of great Advantage, and render the Passage to and over the said Bridge more easy and commodious; and taking Notice, that a Petition has been already presented to the House, by several Citizens of Bristol, praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the said Bridge, and building a temporary Bridge adjoining, as also a new , one over the said River Avon: And the Petitioners not being able to undertake so great a Work, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging, the said old Bridge, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Patfages, leading thereto, as therein to be limited and described; and if, after such old Bridge shall be rebuilt and made passable, and the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, to the fame, widened and enlarged, the present Inconveniences of the Passage to and over the said old Bridge are not fully remedied, that then a new Stone Bridge may, if thought fit, be built cross some other Part of the said River, and proper Avenues opened thereto; and that the Petitioners may be enabled to raise Money for effecting the fame, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem most meet and agreeable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Citizens of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Haleworthy A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Davidstow, in the County

ok oa s. Cornwall, to the East End of Wade Bridge, in the said County, and from the West End of Wade Bridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hu (fey, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr Cartwright, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Thorolon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Hexoeit, Sir John Crqffe, Mr. Ryder, Sir Wm. Peere Williams, Mr. Plumplre, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Howard, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Martin, Sir Geo. Montgomerie Metham, Mr. More, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Townfield, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bowes, Lord North, Mr. Forrefter, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Frederic Montagu, Sir Thomas Stapleton, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Foley, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Harley, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gyhbon, Mr. Charlton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon,* Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Shorehim Sir William Peere Williams presented to the House,

Harbour. according to Order, a Bill for erecting Piers, and other Works, for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County of Sujffex, and for keeping the same in Repair: Amd the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

BeaconsfieW, Sir Francis DaJl\wood presented to the House, accord-

Road* ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxon: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Morgan Reported from the Committee, to Brecon,

whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, RM Jo

Freeholders, and others, residing in and near the City of Hereford, in the County of Hertford, and the Towns of Brecon and Hay, in the County of Brecon, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That, the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the f

Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; uud is as , t followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Benjamin Allen, being examined, said, That the Roads leading from the Town of Brecon to the Town of Hay, and from the Town of Hay to Whitney Passage, are in a very ruinous Condition; and in many-Places so narrow and incommodious, that Travellers cannot pass without great Difficulty and Danger, and that the c

said Roads cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Francis Gritton, being examined, said, That the Roads from the Town of Hay to the Parish of Brobury are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and that the said Roads can. not be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the Passage over the River Wye, at a Place called Bredwardine Passage, is frequently obstructed by the Overflowing of the said River, and is at all times very inconvenient and unsafe for the Passage of Travellers; and that if a Bridge was built over the said Passage, it vrould open a much nearer Communication between the City of Hereford, and other Parts of the County of Hereford, with South Wales, to the great Advantage of the Inhabitants thereof, and to the Public in general; but that the same cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law.

Several Members present confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford; and for building a Bridge over the River Wye, at Bredwardine Passage, in the same County: And that Sir John Morgan, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cornwall, Mr.

Fitzroy Scudamore, Mr. Harley, and Mr. Symons, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Grove reported from the Committee, to whom Barford the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Inciofarc* common Pastures, common Meadows, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Parish of Barford, in the County of Warwick, was re-committed, That the Committee had made some other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aft terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put there, upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Norths Order, a Bill for rendering more effectual several Acts, *Ct Rw<lk passed in the 10th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the 1 ith Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the nth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging,amending, and maintaining, the Road from Dartford to Northfleet and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to Chalk, and from Northfleet to Chalk, and from thence to the Stones End near the Parish Church of Strood: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

14 Sir

V

22* — -250 Febritariu 7® j

f.

0

0

Soutfiam Sir Charles Mordaimt preferAecI 'to the House, ac-Incloiurc. COrding to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Southam, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

West Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to inclostrc Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, of and in the Manor, Hamlet, and Liberties, of Wcjt Farndon, in the Parish of Woodford, otherwise Halfe Woodford, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Coomb Bow A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

IM&e pair, the high Roads leading from Coomb Bow Bridge, *" in the Parish of Tiirujhelton, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Launceston, to Hale-worthy, in the County of Cornwall, and from Pennigil-lam Pool to Trekelleam Bridge, and from Launceston aforesaid to Greston Bridge, and from Laburnick Cross to Jonas's Shop, and from Page's Cross to Hurdon Water, in the County of Cornwall, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hozoard, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ihtffey, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thor cion. General Cornwallis, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fidler, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fohcreau, Mr. Grove, Mr. H civet t, Lord Carysforl, Mr. Haldane, Lord Strange, Mr. Fetloices, Sir John Rvjhoul, Mr. Bull, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Staunton, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Fairfax, Lord North, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. West, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Martin, Mr. More, Mr. Montgomerie, Mr. Forrefter; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wjy* Ordered, That Mr. Shephard, One of the Persons and Means, ordered by the House to attend this Day the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be discharged from his Attendance on the said Committee.

Spirits used Ordei'ed, That there be laid before this House, Coin ike Navy. pjes of ajj such Orders and Letters as have palfed between the Admiralty and Victualling Boards since 1752, relating to supplying, or to a Stop being put to supplying, his Majesty’s Navy, or any Part thereof, with Spirits.

Members The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Qualification. Reading of the Bill to enforce and render more effec-’ tual the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to fit in the House of Commons;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways The other Order of the Day being read, for the House' and Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Mr. Hinde, One of the Persons ordered by the House to attend the feidCominittee this Vol. 28.

Day, be dischar'ged from his laid Attendance ori ;the said Committee.

Then the House rdfolved itself into the fiiid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed thfe Chair.

Mr. Charltoh reported from the Cdmthittee, tTiit they had examined several other Witnesses; and hkd made a further Progr&fs in some of the Matters to thentf referred; and that he was directed by the Committed to mbve, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this rldufe will, upon Monday Morh-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Sherman Godfrey do, upon. Monday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted td his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next* Nine 6f tl^e Clock.

Lun<z, 2 50 die Februarii;

Anno 33* Georgii Ildi Refgis, 1760. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Bcmtet

and M r. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Coopey, Doctor of Physic, and Humphrey Brent Coopey, his Brother, and their I Hue Male respectively, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Brent, pursuant to the Will of Humphrey Brent, late of the Middle Temple, London, Esquire: To whibh the Lord* desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messenger6 withdrew.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermett, Common Council, Merchants, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of 'Kingston upon Hull, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, of Market Bosworth, in the County of Leicester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition is depending in the House, for a Bill for appointing new Commissioners, iropowering them more efte&ually to carry an Act, passed in the iotft and nth Years of his late Majesty King William, for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, into Execution, and also for making the said River Trent navigable from Burton, in the County of Stafford, to the Mouth of the River Tame, and from thence to the Town of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick; and that the Petitioners conceive such Improvement will be of great Utility to the Public: And therefore pray* ing, That a Bril may be brought in to appoint new Commissioners, impowering them more effectually to carry the said Act, of the 10th and 1 ith Years of his late Majesty King William, into Execution, and also for making the said River Trent navigable from Burton aforesaid to the Mouth of the said River Tame, and from thence to the said Town of Tamworth, and that the same may pass into a Law, by such Ways and Means, and under such Powers* Regulations, and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table;

A Bill

1

Coopey*!

Name*

Trent

Navigation.

Ditto.


784 2 5° Februarit.A, 1760;

Stoke A Bill for enlarging the Term arid Powers granted fair] County; and alleging, that the faiJ intended Na-C°c ,|U»d, by fever£d Acts of Parliament, of the 8th Year of her vigation will be very advantageous to the Petitioners, late Majesty Queen Anne, the 9th Year of his late Ma- and many others, Inhabitants of the said County, and jesty King George the First, and the 15th Year of his to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways the said Bill may pass into a Law. between the House commonly called die Horse Shoe Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldingtoni in the County Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton* and the Road from the North Bridge oiNezvport Pagnel, in the County ' Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton presented to the House, Bou;htoa of Bucks, to the Horse Shoe House, was read a Second according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening finite, time. the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Li-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cart* berties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from zvright, Mr. Pye, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. FelUnves, Mr. thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Ivetfey Calthorpe, Mr. Smith, Mr. Crefxvell, Mr. Hammond* Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Mr. Charlton, Mr. Staunton* Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Nor* Cajile Bromivich and Stone Bridge, in the Pariili of

they, Mr. Leveson Gozoer, Mr. Kynaston, Mr, Geo. On-Jlow, Mr:Bagot, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. More, Lord Caiysfort, Mr. Thoruton, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Heivett, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Chafe Price, Sir Geo. Savile, Sir Geo. Montgomerie Metham, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Harvey, Sir William Owen, Mr. Jarrit Smith five Francis Poole, Mr. Hayward, Sir James Colebrooke, Mr. Townjfield, Mr. Foley, Mr. Montgo-' mery, Mr. Brijlozve-, and all the Members who serve for the Countiesof Bucks, Northampton, Warwick, Stafford, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dunchurch, Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to &c. Road, whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traftees appointed by, Or in pursuance of, Two several Acts of Parliament, made in the 12th and 16th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bun Coze, in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town of Hill-moreton, in thebounty of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End, in the Pariili of Dujton, in the County of Northampton, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition

The said Acts were read, and a Member present informed your. Committee, That the Sum of 1,200 had been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which still remains due.

' Mr. ‘James Wool/lon and Mr. John Dodd severally said. That the Road from St. James's End to Dunchurch, directed to be repaired by the said Acts, is Twenty-two Miles in Length, and is in many Parts in a ruinous Condition; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired, and the Debt now due repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts be enlarged, and made more effectuah

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Dun Cow, in Dunchurch, to Hillmoreton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End in the Town of Northampton, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers contained in an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Dun Cow, in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town of Hillmoreton, in the County of Warzvick, and from thence to Saint James's End, in the Parish of Dufion, in the County of Northampton; and for making the said Act more effectual.

Wye River. A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Midhurst, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for extending and continuing the Navigation of the River IFiey, otherwise Wye, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Godalming, in the

Hampton on Arden, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing. the MarftonSt, common Field, common Pastures, common Meadows, Lawrrmt common Grounds, and waite Grounds, in Alarfton Saint iucIt,k(C* Lawrence, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Field, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in Marston Saint Lazo-rence, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr, Cariiorigltt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Coo,- A to enable John Coopey, Doctor of Physic, and Humphrey K,mc* Brent Coopey his Brother, and their Issue Male respectively, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Brent, pursuant to the Will of Humphrey Brent, late of the Mid* die Temple, London, Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A11 ingrossed Bill to enable Thomas Lezvis Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take, use, and bear, the Surname Km and Arms of Lloyd, pursuant to the Will of Richard Lldyd Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act; to enable Thomas Lezvis Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Lloyd, pursuant to the Will of Richard Lloyd Esquire; deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Lewis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his Hwboroi^ present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road *c*Roji leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, and by One other Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said former Act, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Carys-fort, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Cartzvright, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Geo. Onjlpzv, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gore, Mr. Briftowe, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Thorotonfi'w Robert Hildyard, Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Amy and, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Heivett,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Geo.

Savile, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Geo. Montgomerie Metham,

Mr. Northey, Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Finch, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fonei'eau, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Jones, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Coke, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Lezvis, Lord North, Mr. More,

JSir Thomas Stapleton, Mr. Bolton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Northampton, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at

t

3.3 Geo. II 25° Februarii. 785.

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Jfc of Broad The House was moved. That Part of an Act, made

Wheels on in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Hig&wayi. Qeorae the First, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the several Acts pasted for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, might be read: And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as retrains all Waggons travelling for Hire, with Wheels of a less Breadth than Two Inches and a Half when worn, from being drawn with more than Three Horses: And that Mr. George Onslow, the Lord North, Mr. Nor they, the Lord Middleton, and Mr. Evelyn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ftawksworth Mr. Hezvett presented to the House, according to Iqcloiure. Order, a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the open Fields, meadow and common pasture Grounds, and wal'te Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Hazvkf-worth, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

London Sir Ellis Cunliffe reported from the Committee, to Inclosure. whom the Bill for inclosing divers Parcels of waste Grounds or Commons in Longton, in the County of Jjancaster, and for enjoying Part thereof as a Hinted Pasture until the Inclosure of the fame, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Seventeen Persons, who are Proprietors of 164 Acres and Three Perches of inclosed Lands within Longton, who, on being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and also, except some other Persons, who are Proprietors of Acres Two Roods and Four Perches, some of whom are Minors, and others not to be found; and that the Parties who have signed the Bill are Proprietors of 1,001 Acres and Three Roods and One Perch of inclosed Lands; and that the waste Grounds or Commons intended to be inclosed conlift of about 750 Acres; and that noPerson appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the' Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Sevennight.

> Somerby An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open indolurc. and common Fields of Somerby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 29. L. 10. After " Com mi IB oners," to insert " or their Successors."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Somerby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

Ordered, That Mr. Thorolon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ILutcham An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the com-inclosure- rnon FjeJcis within the Parish of Lutcham, alias Litcham, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing the Rights of Common or Shackage, in the said common Fields, and certain other Lands in the said Parish, called > Naif Year Closes; was read the Third time.

Vol. 28.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields within the Parish of Lutcham, alias Litcham, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing the Rights of Common or Shackage in the said common Fields, and certain other Lands in the said Parish called Half Year Closes.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Com- u£gle-mons, and waste Grounds, in (he Manors of Uggle- bl3rn.by^ &C| barnby and Ejkdalejide, in the Parish of Whitby, and nc ° Ur*‘ County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. ’

Savile, Mr. Bacon, Lord North, Mr. Hewett, Sir Charles'

Mor daunt, Mr. P (umpire, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fuller,

Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Townficnd, Mr. Cholmley, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Grenville,

Mr. More, Mr. Wilkes, Mr* Hanger, Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Bolton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Chaplin, Mr.

Harhord, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Smith, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr.

Ryder, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Montagu, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Butler, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Nor they,'

Sir Richard Warzvick Bampfylde, Mr. Fairfax, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Bagot, Lord Harry Pozvlett, Mr. Hammond, Sir Geo. Dalflone, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Brijlozce, Mr. West, Mr. Pye, Mr. Elliot, Mr*

Jarril Smith, Mr. Cornzvall, Mr. Moore, Sir Geo. Montgomerie Metham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmor eland, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Com-, Pensylvania mittee, to whom the Petition of Thomas How, John Company's Bland, Stephen Rowe, Devereux Bowley, Luke Ilinde, atel* James Hill, and Thomas Jackson, on behalf of them-, selves and the rest of the present Trustees, and Grand Committee, of the Partnership called the Pensylvania Land Company in London; and also on behalf of all other Persons interested in the said Partnership; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report, the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and* he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Hewett prefen ted to the House, according to Haytoii Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting certain open’ Inci°rore* arable Fields, meadow and pasture Grounds, and Commons, in the Township of Hayton, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

APetition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, Exportation and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Birmingham, in BucJde

the County of Warzvick, was presented to the House, aP"‘ and read; alleging, That many Thousand Hands are employed in the said Town and Places adjacent, in making various Sorts of Toys for Exportation, amongst, which Buckles are the most considerable; and that the Iron Chapes, used in such Buckles for Exportation, are not, at present, nor can they, as the Petitioners apprehend, be, manufactured in any other Country of equal Goodness, or upon such cheap Terms, as they are now made in this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners now are, and for some time past have been, unable to execute the Orders they receive for divers Sorts of Buckles for want of Chapes, occasioned by the great Quantities now exported; and representing to the House, that if the Exportation of Chapes is not prevented, the Manufacturers abroad will, from the Cheapness of Labour* and by the Assistance of Chapes from England, in all 9 O Probability,

Exportation of Buckie Chapes.

Foundling

Hospital.

Members

Qualification.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

25® — 26° Februarii. A. 1760.

Probability, ruin the Trade of making Buckles here: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, was also presented to the House, and read; representingto the House the great Detriment which, the Petitioners allege, the Exportation of Iron Chapes for Buckles is to the Buckle Manufacture in this Kingdom; since, if Chapes were not exported as an imperfect Manufacture, an equal Quantity at lead would be exported when finished with the Buckles: And therefore praying, That such effectual Measures may be taken for Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bagot, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Heicett, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Plumptre, Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Sandys, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Afore, Sir William Owen, Mr, Forrefler, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thoroton, General Honeywood, Mr. Stanleij, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Chart-ton, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hume, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. West, Mr. Willes, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Chet-wynd. Sir John Gordon, Mr. Yorke, Lord Carpenter, Sir Robert Burdelt, Colonel Gray; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enforce, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to fit in the House of Commons;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

' The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had examined another Witness, and iiad come to several Rcfolntions, upon feme of the Matters to them referred; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Lord Afiddlcton have Leave to Wye River, make a Motion, it being near Eleven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending and continuing the Navigation of the River Wey, otherwise Wyer in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Godalming, in the said County, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 26* die Februarii;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

ABIL L for repairing and widening the Road from (Merfieki the Turnpike Road near the West End of the &c.Rcw4 Town of Chesterfield, to Matlock Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road on the High Moors, to Rowefley Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road, over Darley Bridge, to Crajs Green, in the County of Derby, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Lyfler, Sir William Peere Williams, Mr.

Hume, Sir Charles Alordaunt, Mr. Brifiowe, Lord North,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Walter, Mr. Pole, Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Chaplin,

Mr. Bacon, Lord Geo. Manners, Mr. Smith, Lord Carpenter, Mr. More, Sir William Moreton, Mr. Bayntun,

Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Townshend, Lord Villiers, Mr.

Butler, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Grosvenor,

Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Offiey, Mr. Alderman Dick inf on, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Buller, Mr. Jeffreys; and all the Members who serve for the Comities of Derby, York, Nottingham, Leicester, Stafford, and Chef ter: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for erecting Piers and other Wdrks for the Shorclwa Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Harbour. Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair, was read a Second time.

Resolved That the Bill be committed to Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis DashwoodMr. Brijioive, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Ryder, Lord Strange,

Mr. Pryce Campbell, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. John Harvey, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Kynaflov,

Mr. Walsingham, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Wilkes,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Keppel, Mr. Lyfler,

Mr. Pole, Lord North, Mr. Brudendl, Sir William Moreton, Mr. Penton, Lord Ilozve, Mr. Bidler. General A Court, Mr. Hume, Mr. Foley, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Alontagu, Lord Villiers, Mr. Smith, Mr. Chaplin,

Mr. Legh, Mr. Walter, Mr. Grove; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex, Kent, Surrey, and Southampton; and for the Cinque Ports; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the principal Inhabit ants of the Town and Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, was fterRoad*, presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners ob serve, that a Petition has been presented to the House to have the several Roads leading from the Town of Kidderminster to Bewdley Bridge, in the Parish of Kidderminster, and also from the said Town to (2uat-ford, through Franch and Shatterford, in the Road leading to Bridgnorth, and also from the said Town to 15 Broad

Googh

Oakhamptori

Roads.

Soatham

liidofurr.

WftFarndon

Inclosure.

Barford

luciofure.

33 Geo. II. 2 6° FebruariL787

Broad Waters, to Iverley Hill in the Road leading to Stourbridge,^nd also from the said Town to a Place called Blackdown, in the Road leading to Birmingham* and also from the said Town, through Slone, and the Parish of Chaddejley Corbett, to BromJgrove, and also from the said Town to Goodness in the Road leading to the City of Worcester, amended, widened, and repaired; and that the Petitioners, knowing the said Roads to be in a ruinous Condition, desire to concur in the said Petition from Kidderminster, that such Provisions may be made for amending, widening, and repairing, the said Roads as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, be brought in.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Oakham plan, in the County of D cyon, is committed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Failures,common Meadows, commonGrounds, and wade Grounds,in the Manor and Parish of Southam, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Clive, S i r Fran cis Poole, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Butler, Mr. Grove, Mr. Fellozvcs. Mr. Legh, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gore, Mr. Reynolds, Mr Chaplin, Mr. More, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Smith, Lord Filliers, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Hume, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Hayward, SivJohn Gordon, Mr. Trijl, Sir William Moreton, Mr. Montagu, General A'Court, Mr. Hanger, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Heivett, Mr. Off ley, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Northey, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Foley, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Northampton, Oxford, Leicester, Stafford, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields* common Pallures,common Meadows, commonGrounds, and waste Grounds, of and in the Manor, Hamlet, and Liberties, of Weji Farndon, in the Parish of Woodford, otherwise HalJ'e Woodford, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cartwright, Sir Geo. Savile, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kynaston, S\v John Philipps, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Grove\ Mr Hume, Mr Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. More, Mr. Lozcndes, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Hewelt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Walter, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Geo. Onjlozv, Mr. Brijlozve, Mr. Hanger, Sir William Pecre Williams, Mr. Smith, Lord Villiers, Mr. Fairfax, Sir James Creed, Mr. Northey, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Grenvillev Mr. Fuller, Mr. Calebrooke, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Clive, Mr. Tkijtlctlavayle, Mr. Legh, Mr. Butler, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pole, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr, Nugent, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Fishcr, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Foley, Sir Armine Wodehoife, Mr. Ryder, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Trwnjhend; and all the Me mbers who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Bucks, Warwick, Leicester, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrolfcd Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pa ft u res, common Meadows, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Parish of Barford, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. L. zz. To leave out Forty" and insert

Thirty."

Vol. 28.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Parish of Barford, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Grove do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deft re their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen,. Trent common Council, and principal Inhabitants, of the City Navigation# of Coventry,whoseNames are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Athcrfione, in the County of Warwick; which were presented to ihe House upon Wednesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs and Commonalty, and other the Inhabitants, of the Town of Tannvorth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Bir-minghdm, in the said County of Warwick, and Burton upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford, and the Parts adjacent to the said Towns, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; is referred: And that they do examine the.

Matter of the Petitions now referred; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Ditto, common Council, Merchants, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, of Market Bosworth, in the County of Leicester; which were Yesterday presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Table; be referred to the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of these Petitions; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Turner*# to dissolve the Marriage of Exuperius Turner Esquire, Clvortc* with Elizabeth LouiJ'a his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for applying a Sum of Money granted, in this Removing Selfton of Parliament, towards taking down and re- Gunpowder moving the Magazine for Gunpowder, near Greenwich, from3 Green-in the County of Kent, and erecting a new Magazine wich to Pur-for Gunpowder at Purjleet, near the River of Thames, fleet, in the County of Essex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Way#

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Mwn#* to consider further of Ways and Moans for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutious which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there shall be granted and paid to his Majesty, for every Gallon of LowWines or Spirits, of the First Extraction, made or drawn from any Sort of Drink or Walh, brewed or made from any Sort of Malt or Corn, or from

Brewers

7 88. 70

Brewer Wadi or Tiits, or any Mixtures with such Brewers Wash or Tilts, Five Pence, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Oilfillers or Makers thereof.

Refdved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be granted and paid to his Majesty, for every Gallon of Strong Waters or Aqua Vine, made for Sale*, of the Materials aforesaid, One Shilling and Three Pence, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be granted and paid to his Majesty, for every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits, of the First, Extraction, made or drawn from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, One Shilling and Three Pence, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be granted and paid to his Majesty, for every Gallon of Spirits, made or drawn in Great Britain from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, Eight Pence, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there dial I lie granted and paid to his Majesty, for every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits, of the First Extraction, made or drawn from Cycler, or any Sort or Kjud of British Materials, except those before mentioned, or any Mixture therewith. Six Pence Three Farthings, ever and above all other Duties charged or chargeable j thereon, to he paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be-granted and paid to his Majesty, for every Gallon of Spirits, made for Sale, from Cyder, or any Sort or Kind of Briti/k Materials, except those before mentioned. One Shilling One Penny Three Farthings, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to he paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof. ‘

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Spirits, drawn or made in Great Britain, the like Drawbacks and Allowances be made, under proper Regulations, upon the Exportation of rectified Spirits drawn or made in Great Britain, as are now payable upon the Exportation of Home-made raw Spirits.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the further Encouragement of the Exportation of Spirits, drawn or made in Great Britain, an additional Drawback or Allowance of Twenty-four Pounds Ten Shillings per Ton, be paid and allowed, under proper Regulations, upo^n the Exportation of all such Spirits.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be granted and paid to his Majesty, for every Gallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, imported from beyond the Seas, over and above allother Duties payable for the fame, One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be granted and paid to his Majesty, for every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vitas, above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported from beyond the Seas,over and above all other Duties payable for the fame, Two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said several additional Duties shall Hand appropriated, and be applied, to the same Uses and Purposes respectively, as the present Duties on Spirituous Liquors are now applicable and appropriated unto.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Februarii.

A. 1760.

Montagu

3*.

15-

Tellers for the Yeas,

f Mr. Nugent,

Tellers for the Noes,< Mr. Wortley

( junior: )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

TheSix subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, be* ing severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Eighth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question beirfg put. That the fair] Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^Sir GcorSe Savile>

1 eiiers for the 1 eas, M f

Tellers for the Noes f M r-

1 eiiers for the JNoes.f Ml. FMeF.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Floufe.

The Three last Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

it.

25-

The House was moved, That the Resolutions, which. Supply Bill; upon Monday the 4th Day of this Instant February, were Dutic‘on reported from the Committee of the whole House, to s!>Iriu' whom it was referred to take into Consideration the State of the Distillery, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followelh; viz.

4< Resolved, That the present high Price of Spirituous c< Liquors is a principal Cause of the Diminution in the " Home Consumption thereof, and hath greatly contributed to the Health, Sobriety, and Industry, of the " common People."

" Resolved, That, in order to continue for the future <c the present high Price of all Spirits used for Home " Consumption, a large additional Duty be laid upon all " Spirituous Liquors whatsoever, distilled within, dr n imported into. Great Britain

" Resolved, That there be a Drawback of the said actditional Duties upon all Spirituous Liquors distilled " in Great Britain, which shall be exported."

" Resolved, That, an additional Bounty be granted,un-cr der proper Regulations, upon the Exportation of all " Spirituous Liquors drawn from Corn xnGreatBritain." Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Three First of the said Iaft-mentioned Resolutions; and also upon the ResolutionsthisDayreportedfrom the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider, further of Ways and Means for raising the Snpply granted to his Majesty, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Grenville, the Lord Nor III, Mr. Of-wald, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Aud then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 270 die Februarii j

Anno 330 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760.

P K A y e u s.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commons, Maiden?, of the Town and Hundred of Tenter den, in the &c. Road. County of Kent, under their Common Seal, in Common Hall assembled, the Eighteenth Day of January 1760, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition has been delivered to the House from several Justice* of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

and

33 Geo. It. £7° PebVuArii.

ami other Inhabitants, Iivih£in ami hear the Road lead* ing from the Town of Maidstone to Tubs Lake, in the Purish of Crauebrooke, in the said County of Kent, fora Bill for repairing the said Hoad, a groat Part of which is the High Road from London and Maidstone to the said Town and Hundred of Tentcrden, and is so ruinous, that, in the Winter Season, it is almost impafiable: And therefore praying, That a Bid for repairing the said Road may pass into a Law, in'such Manner as to the House ill a 11 seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the upper End of a Street called Stone Street, in the Town of’ Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a Place called Tubs Lake, in the Parish of Cranebrooke, in the said County, be brought in.

*«' A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others the Inhabitants of the said Town was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the High Roads from Fafely Bridge to the Turnpike Gate at Nuneaton Gap, and from the Turnpike Road at the Turning, near the Ilarroxo Ale-house, to 'Lutterworth-hand, and from Sfn/stock Church End to Fieldon Bridge, and from the Arbour lloufes at Mance/ter Lane End, and from the Poor’s Hon fes, near Over Whitacre Furnace End, to Nuneaton, and from Nuneaton to the Turnpike Road leading from Coventry to Harborough, and from the Guide Post in Hinckley to the End of Sketchley Ilcath Lanes in the Counties of If arzvidc and Leicester: and allegingjthat the Petitioners apprehend, that, should Rich Bill pass into a Law, the same would, in its Con-Tequences, be destructive of the G-'cat West Chester Road, and be therefore very prejudicial to the Trade and Cone merce of the Petitioners, and of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Brmingham: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counfel, against such Parts of the said Bill as they apprehend will affe£i them, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Connfel to be heard at the same time, in f&vour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Orer Areley A Petition of the Inhabitants of Over Avdey, in the

Road* County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Leave is given to bring in a Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repaid, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Kidderminster,in the County of Worcester; and alleging, that the Road branching out of, and leading frorrt, the High Road leading by Shaffer ford, intended to he repaired by the said Bill, down to Over Areley, and through it to the River Severn, in (ho County of Stafford, is in divers Places so ruinous and deep, that Carriages, and eren Persons on Ilorfehack, cannot pass without rnanifelt Danger; and in many Parts thereof is very narrow and incommodious, and Oarlnot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now jn being: And therefore praying, That in the said Bill Provision may be made for the better amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Road leading from Ska!! erf or d, in Hie County of Stafford, to and through Over Areley, to the River Severn, in the said County, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the* fame, as it fjiall appeal’ to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Sdirtily*, Mr. Kynitfton;- Mr.

Martin, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Hvwett, Sir Geo.

Savile, Mr. Thorof on. Sir Francis Podle, Mr. Move',

Mr. Geo. Onjlozc, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Cartufright, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wittes, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Willy, Mr. Fair-fa.r, Mr. JAfter, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bagot, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Fellawes, Lord Strange, Mr. Aider mart Diet in/on. Sir William Peer c Williams, Mr. Nor they.

Lord Villiers, Mr. Trift, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Sir Charles Mordmmt, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Lnzmdes, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Wand; Mr. Howard, Mr.

Probyn, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Reynolds - and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester,

Stafford, and Salop; and for the Principality of Wales:

And they are to meet, this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to

fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Wilkes reported from the Committee, to whom Spencer'* the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A6fcfor Nat. naturalizing Maria Elizabeth Spencer, Wife of Richard Spencer Esquire, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations offthe Bilk and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Hob ft?* without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Sir Thomas Palmer presented to the House, according Anfty to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common iudofure. and open Fields of Anfty, th the County of Lekefter:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon Monday last, Penfylvanl*, was made from the Comrfcittee, to whom the Petition Company’* of Thomas IJozc, John Bland. Stephen Botce, Devereux £itates* Bowley, Luke Ilinde, James Hill, and Thomas Jack fan, on behalf of themselve.% and the rest of the present Trullees and Grand Committee of the Partu’er/hip called the Penjylvania Land Company in London, and also on behalf of all other Persons interested in the find Partner-ftiip, was referred, attdWas then ordered to'lie upon the Table to be pemfed by the Members Of tlis House, fre now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take ffoe Report into Consideration., f

And the said Report was read. 1

Ordered, That tlio said Report be re-committed.;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to tohoem the said Petition was referred.

A Petition of the Factors, Traders, Manufacturers, Exportatroi* and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Wallfallfm the o{ Buckle County of Stafford, was prefetftecl to the House, and ChaPes'-read; alleging, That, for many Years last past, a very considerable and eXtenfive Trade has been carried on by the Petitioners in the Manufacture of Buckles for Exportation; and that the IrOnChapes used in the Buckles for Exportation cannot be made in any other Country on such cheap Terms as in this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners nov/ are, and for Tome time past havefound themselves, unable to execute the Orders they receive for Buckles f or want of Chapes, occasioned byr the great Quantities now exported; and represent ing to the.House, that, if a Stoq> Was put to tire Exportation of Chapes, it would not ( Ally continue the Trade of maiking Buckles here, but bo a Means of extending thslt "beneficial Article of Commerce, to the great Advantage of the‘Kingdom in gemeral: And‘therefore praying the Hodfe to take the fYemffes into'Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner s such Relief as to the Tloufe flrallfeem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consider ation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the L/Iei charits, Traders, Manufacturers, n'd o her Inhabit; in ts, of the Town of Birmingham, inf he* County of Warwick; and also the Petition of the Jrihabitants of the Tm Wir of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford}, are referred j Andf hat they do examine the Matter of

g P this

c.

790 i f Februdril A. 1760.

this Petition; and report the fame/as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Burton A Bill for amending and widening the Roads leading 'Roads*0* ^rom Burt°n Bridge, at or near Burton upon Trent, in the * County of Stafford, to Measham, in the County of Derby,

and from thence to Market Bosworth, in the County of Leicester, and from thence to Hinckley in the said County; and from Belchicr's, in the Road betwixt Nel Jon and Ibjlock, in the said County, to Hoop Hall, near Market Bosworth aforesaid; and from Measham aforesaid to Filand, otherwise Fieldon Bridge, near Atherfton, in the County of Warwick, and from Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Wai'wick; to Market Bosworth aforesaid, and frorp thence, through Peckleton, into the moil convenient Part of the Turnpike Road leading from Earl Shilton to Leicester aforesaid; and from Poles-tvorlh Bridge, in the said County of Warwick, to the Guide Pojh at the End of Pinwall Lane, where it joins the Road from Great Sheepy to Fieldon Bridge aforesaid; was read a Second time.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Villiers, Mr. Brudenell, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Sandys, M r.-Geo. Onslow, Mr. Shelley, Sir William Peerc Williams, Mr. Anson, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Harbor d, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Moorey Mr. OJfley, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fullery General Townshend, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Strange, Mr. Bacon, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Hewett,

' Lord Parker, Mr. jPane, Lord North, Mr. Nor they. General Honeyxcood, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord Middleton, Mr. Hammond, Colonel Harvey, Mr. Bridge-man, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Thynne, Sir Geo. Halftone, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. i'ow-Jhazv, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bullock, Sir Geo. *SVz-«w7e, Mr. Rebozo, Mr. Campbell, Mr. 71/ore, Mr. CV?/-uer/, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bagot, Sir Jfc/iw Molefzoorth, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Sir JM/i Gordon, ^lr. Martin, Sir William Owen, Mr. Po/e, Admiral Townshend, Mr. Ryder, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Pi//, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Evelyn; and . all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wajwick, Stafford, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

lift of Broad A Petition of the several under-written Tradesmen,

Wheel* on Farmers, and Occupiers of Land, in the County of Wor-Hig ways. C€jier^ ;n behalf of themselves and Numbers of others, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That by several Acts of Parliament lately passed for the Amend-c ment and Preservation of the public Highways and

Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, the Petitioners find themselves greatly aggrieved by b^ing obliged to make Use of Waggons with Wheels the Breadth of Ninelnches on Turnpike Roads, although they come through Ways to reach the fame,almost impracticable for fuchWaggons to pass, being very narrow, and in many Places deep hollow Ways, the Widening of which would not only be an immense Expence to the several Parities, but would otherwise lay an insupportable Burthen on the little Farmers of 2o, 30, or 40 Pounds a Year, by occasioning them to procure broad wheeled Carriages, which is absolutely out of the Power of too many of them, who would consequently be rendered incapable of carrying the small Produce of their Farms to Market, and Manure to their Lands; that the Use of broad Wheel Carriages, in the Manner they are now drawn, instead of improving, have greatly damaged, even the Turnpike Roads in ihat Part of the Kingdom, which before were generally in good Repair, occasioned, as the Petitioners apprehend, by the said Carriages being drawn double, and as they are restrained to no Weight, carrying such prodigious Burthens,asno lload, however well constructeu, canbear; and that, by quartering the y totally destroy the Horse Road, making Two Ruts too narrow for a Horse to go in, instead of the old Path, so that travelling on Horse-back, on the best Roads in that Part of the Kingdom, is

become notohly disagreeable,biit extremely dangerous; and that, notwithstanding all the Advantages granted by Parliament to broad Wheels, few or none in that County use them (common Stage Waggons excepted), on account of the Inconveniences above set forth, which the Petitioners apprehend would, in a great Measure, if not wholly, be removed, were ail Waggons obliged by Law to be drawn by Horsesat Length, and confined, at lead in those Parts, to certain Weights, and were the Drivers of Carriages obliged to keep such Part of the Road, without crofting or quartering, as shall be directed on Stones or Polls to be set up for that Purpose: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into p

Consideration, and fix the W eight to be carried by all 0

Carriages; and that such Carriages may, as formerly, be ll

drawn at Length, and prevented quartering or crolfing, under the Direction of the Commissioners, or to grant such other Relief as shall seem meet:

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Use of Broad Persons, residing in and and near the Town of Tewkef Whctfco* bury, in the County of Gloucester, was also presented to Highway, the House, and read; alleging, That, by the frequent Use of broad wheeled Carriages with exceftive Weights, the Roads near the said Town are rendered extremely inconvenient; and that, if the Wreight. of the Loading in the said Carriages is not speedily limited, and the drawing thereof with Horses at Length allowed, or the Use of narrow Wheels permitted, with a greater Number of Horses, under a proper Restraint with respect to the Weight of Loading, or some other Remedy be applied, the Roads in that Part of the Country will be totally destroyed: And therefore praying the House to take into Consideration the Premises, upon which the Manufactures, Trade, and Subsistence, of the Inhabitants intirely depend, and to make such effectual Provision therein as to the House shall appear proper and necessary.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, alter, and amend, the several Acts lately pasted for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom;

It pasted in the Negative.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Bawtry and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood through of Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are ^c,d thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and K read; alleging, That the Petitioners have observed, that a Petition hath been presented for a Bill for widening and repairing the Road between Sheffieldand Bazvtiy^ and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the Road to be repaired by means of the said Bill should be continued and extended through Sheffield, to join a Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchtfter, on the South Side of Wortley, in the County of York, it would be of much greater Utility to the Public, inaf-much as the Road from Sheffield to the foresaid Turnpike Road, on the South Side of Wortley, is ruinous, and much out of Repair, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Courie of Law: And therefore praying, That, in case a Bill shall be brought into the House for making aTurnpike Road between Sheffield and Bazotry, that the above-mentioned Portion of Road through Sheffield to the South Side of Wortley, where it joins aTurnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, may be comprifedin the same Bill, and that it may be made a Part of the same Turnpike Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Geo. Savile, Sir Lionel Pil kington, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Fellozves, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Staunton, Lord Villiers,

Mr. Fuller, Lord North, Mr. Smith, Mr. Grove, Mr.

Fairfax, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr*

Hanger,

33 Geo. II. Febfua79

)uchy of lornwall /eales. &c.

Supply.

Ways and Means

Fa pm re. freeing Wallino the Nary.

Hanger, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Northey, Mr. Campbell, Mjf. Butler, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Martin, Admiral Holmes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. £/Zw, Mr. Ryder, General Honeyiooood, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Trifi, Mr. Townjheiul, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Afore, Mr. Freeman; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of For&, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cormvall, or annexed to the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 8° die Februarii;

Anno 330 Georgii lldi Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

DR. Hay, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° t. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners for visual ling his Majesty’s Navy, dated the 3d of April 1753; and also,

N° 2. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, dated the 27th June 1753; and also,

N° 3. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, dated the 28th of February 1754; and also,

N° 4. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, dated the 15th of October 1754; and also,

N° 5. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, dated 8th February j 755; and also,

N° 6. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, dated 10th April 1755; and also,

N° 7. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, dated 7th October 1755; and all’o,

N° 8. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, dated the 27th November 1756; and also,

N° 9. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, dated the 24th of December 1756; and also,

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Clevland, Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, to the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’sNavy, dated the 31st of January 1754; and also,

Vol. 28.

N° 11. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Clevland, Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, to the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, dated the 28th of January 1755; and also,

N° 12. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy to Mr. Clevland, Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 30 March 1753; and also,

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy to Mr. Clevland, Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 4th February 1754; and also,

N° 14. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy to Mr. Clevland, Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 2 2d January 1755; and also,

N° 15. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy to Mr. Clevland, Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 29th January 1755; and also,

N° 16. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy to Mr. Clevland, Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 23d April 1755; and also,

N° 17; Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy to Mr. Clevland, Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 3d December 1756; and also,

N° 18. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy to Mr. Clevland, Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 15th December 1756.

Together with a Schedule of the said Copies.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Hezvett be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Adzviche in the Street, in the County of York, and also of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands, in the open and common Fields, Jngs, and Commons, within, and Parcel of, the said Manor.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, anAc-count of the Quantities of Iron Chapes used in Buckles, which have been exported from Great Britain, for Seven Years Jaft past: distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Buckles, which have been exported from G reat Britain for Seven Years last past;

distinguishing each Year.

«> '

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, pafl'ed in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, pafl'ed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Ox on, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis DaJhiCQod; Mr. Gore, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Hewett, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Staunton, Sir Edward Montagu, Mr. Harvey, Sir Thos. Hales, Mr. More, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Thor0ton, Mr. Webb) Mv. Plnmptre, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Henry Fane, General A'Court, Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fane, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Peachey, Sir Thomas Stapleton, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bidley, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Amyand, Marquis of Granby, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Whit-fned, Mr. Wallet*, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Yorke, Sir John Mole fix or th, Mr. Wilkivfon, Colonel Gray, Doctor Hay, and all the Members who serve

Adwicke

Inciosure.

Account of Buckle Chapes exported.

Account of

buckles

exported.

Beaconsfield, See. Road*

Sulgrtve

InlloJure.

Hammett’s

Name.

Barrow

Incbfure.

MiiiWlore. lec. Rqad.

"fiallet’i

79*

for the Counties of Bucks, Middlesex, Oxford, Gloucester, and WiOrcefier: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five,of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bsnnet and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open anfl common Fields, common Meadows, common Failures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Parish, Township, and Liberties of Sulgrave, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable James Ilammet Esquire, and his I Hue, to take and use the Surname of Hamlyn only, without any Amendment.

And then the Meffepgers withdrew.

A Petition of Thomas Babington, of Temple, near Rode fly, and William Ending, of Westcoates, in the County of Leicester, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Peiitioners are Two of the Trustees under the Wilis of Doctor Humphrey Babington, and the late Bishop Beveridge, respect-rvely, of certain Lands and Grounds lying within the Lordfoip of Barrow upon Soar, in the said County, and of the Great Tythes of Part of the Avid Lordship, and also of a Moiety or Half Part or Share of the Small Tylhes and other Payments and Dues payable by Householders, and for Gardens, and to certain Mortuaries, within the said Parish and Lordship, and which were respectively thereby given and devised for several pious Uses, and are of the yearly Value off. 200 a Year, or thereabouts; and that, in the Bill depending in the House for dividing and inclosing the several open and common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Barrow upon Soar, there are many Clauses, which, as the Petitioners apprehend, would, if the said Bill should pass into a Law,greatly prejudice the Estates for which the Petitioners are Trustees, and be a Means ofleflerjing the Value and Income thereof: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill, as they apprehend may prejudice or affect the saidTruft Estate; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises, as shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petiticm Tie referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at . the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Bose Fuller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the amending, widening, and keep* ing in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty nine Mile Stone, at the upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place called Tubs Lake, in the rarish of Cranebrooke, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to qualify and enable Samuel Hallet Esquire, now called Samuel Farewell, and his Heirs, to use, and take in Exchange for his and their own Surname, the Surname of Farezvcll, pursuant to the Will of Nathaniel Farewell Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to qualify and enable Samuel Hallet Esquire, now called Samuel Farewell, and his Heirs, to use, and ' lake in Exchange for his and their own Surname, the Surname of Farewell, pursuant to the Will of Nathaniel Farewell Esquire, deceased.

1760.

Ordered, That Mr. -Onglcy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Sir John Filmcr Baronet, and the several Maldfe. Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Persons, &c* whose Names are thereunto subscribed and set, being Inhabitants of the Parishes of Belherfden, Smar den, Headeorn, East Sutton, Sutton Vallance, and foveral other Parishes, lying near, or contiguous to, a High Road called Sutton Road, leading from thence to tho Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners observe, that Leave has been given to bring in a Pill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the upper End of a Street called Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, through the Parish and Village or Street of Loose, to a Place called Style Bridge, and from thence, through the Town or Village of Staplehurst, and from thence to the Town of Cranebrooke, and from thence to a Place called Tubs Lake, in the Parish of Cranebrooke, aforesaid, in the said County; and that the* Petitioners apprehend, if such Bill should pass into a Law, it will be highly prejudicial to the Petitioners, and the several Inhabitants and Farmers, who are already at very great Expence to repair and maintain the said Road called Sift ton Road, which, for many Miles together, is, at most Times of the Year, very ruinous, and only unites with the Road, intended by the said Bill to be repaired, about Half a M ile from the said Town of Maidstone, from the Amendment whereof the Petitioners can have no Benefit, as the said Road from thence is very hard and found, and hath an easy Defeent down to the said Town of Maidstone, unless a Clause is inferred in the said Bill, restraining the Commissioners from setting up a Toll-gate or Bar upon the said Road, so as to take in any Persons travelling with Horses, Carts, and Carriages upon the said Road called Sutton Road, to the Town of Maidstone aforesaid: And therefore praying That such a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, or that the Petitioners majr be heard, by their Conn-fel, against the said Bill, or have such other Relief in t!i$ Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several Owners of Lands and Tene* Data, ments, and Persons inhabiting within the Parishes of Bough Ion, Moncheljea, and Chart Sutton, in the County of Kent, in behalf of themselves, and all other Owners of Lands and Tenements, and Inhabitants, within the said Parishes, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of an Application having been made to the House for the said Bill; and alleging, that Maidstone is the most convenient Market for the Resort of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes; and that the Road from the said Parishes to the said Town of Maid-stone communicates with the Road mentioned in the said Petition, at the Distance of about One Mile and Two Roods from the said Town; and that the said Inhabitants, in goingtoand from the said Market,only pass uponthat Part of the said Road, which Part is very hard and good, and may be, with great Ease, kept in very fuffjcient Repair, under the Laws in being; and that if a Turnpike is set up between the Place where the said Roads communicate, and the Town of Afaiclflone, the said In--_ habitants will be subject to the Payment of Toll without deriving any Benefit or Advantage therefrom: And therefore praying, That if a Bill shall be brought in upon the said Petition, the Petitioners may have an Opportunity of being heard, by themselves or Counsel; against such Parts of the said Bill, as may affect their Property or Interest.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Barrington, Secretary at War, informed TheKod the House, That he was commanded by the King to acquaint the House, that Lord George Sackville, a Member 0faMw,j of this House, is in Arrest by the King’s Command, for 14 Disobedience

2 8° Februarii

r*f-

i*

33 Geo. II. 18° — 29° Februarii.

793

Pi (obedience of Orders, white employed in his Majesty’s Service* during the I aft Campaign in Germany.

Rejoined, That au humble Address be presented to his Majesty, returning him the Thanks of this House for his gracious Message of this Day, and for his.tender Regard ' to the Privileges of this House, in the Communication, which he has been pleased to make to this House, of the lteafon for putting Lord George Sackville in Arrelt.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of Lis Majesty’s Most honourable Pri vy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Duchy of The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Cornwall whole House, upon the Rill to enable his Majesty to make Leases, &c^ Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame.

M r. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bayntun took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bayntun reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clack.

Veneris, 290 die Februarii;

Anno 33° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1760. Prayers.

Salford r "*HE House was moved, That the Petition of several

Canal. .1 Gentlemen, Traders, and Manufacturers, in the

Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lan-

caster, which was presented to the House upon Wednes-

day the 13th Day of this Instant February, and then

ordered to he upon the Table* until the Second Reading

of the BUI to enable the most noble Francis Duke of

Bridgewater to vary the Course of a navigable Cut or

Canal, authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the

last Selhon of Parliament, by making such Cut or Canal

to, and conveying the same over, the River Irwell, at

or near Barton Bridge, and from thence to the Town

of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and

to extend a Branch from such Cut or Canal to or near

Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the said County, might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Over Arcley Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Road. the Petition of the Inhabitants of Over Areley, in the County of Stafford, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where # the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Nott, being examined, said, That the Road, which branches out of a Road leading by Shatterford, which is intended to be repaired by a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Kiddermiifter, in the County of Worcester, to Over Areley, and through Over Areley to the River Severn, in the County of Stafford, is in many Places so ruinous and deep, that Persons on Horseback cannot pass without great Danger; and is in- many Places very narrow and incommodious; and Vol. 28.

*hat it cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. William Palmer, being examined, confirmed Mr. Nott's Evidence.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for the better amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching^ut of, and leading by, Shatterford (intended to be repaired by the fair! Bill), down to and through Over Areley, to the River Severn,in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Quantities and Produce of Teas seized Teasieizeih and condemned in this Kingdom, from 25th December 1746, to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year, as also the Kinds of Teas.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, freeholders, and Kiddefmin-principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Bridgenorth, in iter Roads, the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners observe, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, for widening and repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Kidder miifter to Bewdley Bridge, in the Parish of Kidder mi after, and also from the said Town to Qu afford, through Franch and Shatterford, in the Road leading to Bridgenorth, and also from the said Town, by Broadzvaters, over a Place called Kidderminster Heath to the Seven Stars in the Road leading to Wolverhampton and also from the said Town, by Broadwaters, to Iverly Hill in the Road leading to Stourbridge, and also from the said Town to a Place called Blackdoxon, in the Road leading to Birmingham, and also from the said Town, through Stone, and the Parish of Chaddejley Corbet, to Bromsgrove, and also from the said Town to Goodness, in the Road leading to the City of Worcester; and fitting forth, that the said Road from Kidderminster ter Quatford, through Franch and Shatterford, leading to Bridgenorth, is in a ruinous Condition: And therefore praying, That such Provisions may be made for amending, widening, and repairing, the said Road, as to the House shall seem meet.

CWered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Kiddei'minster, in the County of Worcester, be brought in.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Bailiff, pit(0

Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Bewdley, and the principal Inhabitants of the Village of Wribbenhall, in the County of Worcester, which was presented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bolton, Sir James Creed, Mr.

Hume, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Dickinson,

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Clive, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Finch, Mr. Cal-thorpe, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Bowes, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Plnmplre, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hexvett,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Grove, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Craven,

Mr. Thoroton, Sir Thomas Stapleton, Mr. Moore, Lord Strange, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fitzroy Scudamore, Mr. Ward, Mr. Morton, Mr. Ongley, Mr.

Newnham, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Pole, Mr. Pye, Mr.

More; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ef Worcester, Salop, Hereford and Stafford; and for the Principaiity of Wales; And they are to meet this After-9 Q, noon


Greenwich

Hospital.

Hayton

Indofuie,

Hawksworth

Inclosure.

290 Februarii. A. 1760.

794

noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Papers, Persons, and Records.

The House being informed, That Mr. Horne, from, the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital of what Money has been received from the Der-wentzvater Estate, between ift December 175S and 30th November 1759, anc* their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

29th Februarxj 1760.

I N Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe;

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen 2LtGreenzvichyXo contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a Workman-like and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonableTerms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons, and to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament respectively;

THE Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly Report as followeth;

There has been received by the Treasurer, between the ift December 1758 and the 30th November 1759, out of the Rents and Profits of the Estate, viz.

On account of the annual Rents ——

On account of the Lead Mines ——

£. s. d. 7,040 14 3f 2,659 16 8a

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building,

The making new Calks for keeping Beer in the Store Cellar adjoining to the Brewhouse, and in keeping in Repair the several Buildings, Furniture in the Wards, Roads, Pavements, Drains, Conduits, Water Pipes, Brewing Utensils, and other necessary Works for the Service of the Hospital, amount to One thousand Five hundred Ninety-seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Penny -

Note. There has been paid by the Receivers out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, between the id December 1758 and the 30th November 1759, on account ^of Repairs, the Sum of Two thousand One hundred Eighty-six Pounds and Eleven Shillings - - - -.....£.

By Order of the Commissioners,

9,700 11 —

i*597 *9 1

2,186 11 —

Rd Horne.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for dividing and allotting certain open arable Fields, meadow and pasture Grounds, and Commons, in the Town ih ip of Hay ton, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett, Mr. Sandys, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Plamptre, Mr. Willy, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charllod, Mr. More, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Thoroton, Mr Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Morton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fuller, Lord Middleton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Smith, Sir Geo. Dalston, Mr. Staunton, Sir John Rijhout, Mr. Brijiowe, Mr. Walter, Mr. Ridley, Lord Egmont, Mr. Price, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hume, Sir William Stanhope, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Pye, Mr. Sewell, Mr. Thijllethwayte, Mr. Forrester; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the dividing and inclosmgthe open Fields, Meadow, and common Pasture Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and.Parish of Hawkjioorth, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Heioelt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Willy, Mr. Hume, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lysler, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fuller, Lord Middleton, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ryder, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Newn-

ham, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Pole, Mr. Ward, Mr. Brijiowe»

Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Bowes, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr Pye, Sir William Stanhope, Mr. Price, Mr. Coventry>

Mr. Morton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fitzroy Scudamore,

Lord Egmont\ Mr. Forrester, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Northey, Lord Harry Powlet/; and all the Members who serve for the Counties o{Nottingham, leicester, Lincoln, and FtfrA*; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. George Onslow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act of Par- 'c , 0a

liament, passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty’s s Reign, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the several Acts, passed for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, as restrains all Waggons travelling for Hire, with Wheels of a less Breadth than Two Inches and a Half when worn, from being drawn by more than Three Horses; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Read- Member ing of the Bill, to enforce and render more effectual. Qualification! the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to fit in the House of Commons;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Removing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Gunpowder upon the Bill for applying a Sum of Money, granted in J^aline this Session of Parliament, towards taking down and Greenwich removing the Magazine for Gunpowder nearGreenwich, to Purfieet. in the County of Kent, and erecting a new Magazine for Gunpowder at Purfieet, near the River of Thames, in the County of Ffiex.

Refilled,

33 Geo. II.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tin flay Morn* ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

ReJblvedftYUvX this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

795

the Dun Coze, in the Town of Dunchurch, through the Parish of Billon, over Dunfmore Heath, to the Town of Hiilmorlon, in the County of Warwick, and from thence through the several Parishes of Creek. West Haddon, and East Haddon, in the County of Northampton, to Saint James's End, in the Parilli of Duston, in the said County of Northampton, might he read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

2 90 Fehru

a

htf

KJtil

p£>J#

ft

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Means. . resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Inllmftion to the said Committee, That they do consider of so much of an Act, passed in the 32c! Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom, and an additional Inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate; and for raising the Sum of Six millions Six hundred thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy and additional Inland Duty; as relates to £.3. per Centum Annuities, amounting to £- 7oQO,oooo, granted Anno 1759.

Ordered, That it be an Inllmftion to the said Committee, That they do consider of so much of the said Act, as relates to the Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom, and the additional Inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate.

Ordered, That the Account of the Income of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1759, the Charge on the same Fund to the 5th Day of January 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refoiutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was tlirefted by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Duchy of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

Cornwall the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable his Ma-Leases, &c. jesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Comically or annexed to the fame, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Dunchurch, Sir Edmund Isham presented to the House, according Ac. Roads, to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers contained in Two several Acts of Parliament, made in the 12th and 16th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Dun Cow in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town of Hillmorelon, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End, in the Parish of Duston, in the County of Northampton; and for making the same Acts more effectual: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Isham have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

The House was moved. That Part of ail Act, made in the 12th Year of the ^leign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road or Highway from

Vol. 28.

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort have Leave to make a Motion:

And lie moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, residing in and near the Market Towns of Altringham and Nether Knulsford, in the County Palatine of Chester, and near to the Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

And the said Petition was read; taking Notice, That in Consequence of an Act, passed in the last Session, to enable the Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from a certain Place in the Township of Salford, to or near Worjley Mill and Middleivood, in the Manor of Worjley, and to or near a Place called Hollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, the said Navigation hath been begun; and alleging, that the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition hath been presented to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill, to enable the said Duke to take his said Navigation over the River Incell at Barton Bridge, and to vary the Termination thereof by carrying it to the said Town of Manchester, instead of the said Town of Salford, and to extend a Side-Branch to or near a certain Place called Longford. Bridge, in the said Township of Stretford; and representing to the House, that the extending the said Navigation to the said Township of Stretford as aforesaid, will be a Means of supplying the Petitioners, and others, residing in and near Altringham, Nether Knutsford, and Stretford aforesaid, and a considerable Part of the said County of Chester, with Coals, upon much better Terms than at present they are capable of procuring the fame, and will be attended with many other beneficial Consequences to the Petitioners and the Public: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to vary the Course of a navigable Cut or Canal, authorized to be made by an Act, pasted in the last Session of Parliament, by making such Cut or Canal to, and conveying the same over, the River Dwell, at or near Barton Bridge, and from thence to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to extend a Branch from such Cut or Canal, to or near Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the said County, is committed.

The Lord Royfton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between MildenliallKwev, South, Plant Iwad, and BrandonKwer, North, bounded on the West by the River Ouse, and on the East by Winter Load, Earfewell Brooke, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall\ and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid* commonly called In veiled Lands: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Lord Royfton have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Salford

Canal.

Mildenhali

Drainage.

Account of Culm, &c.

Exports and Imports.

Adwicke

Inclosure.

Walton on the Hill Inclosure.

Maid done, &c. Road.

Dalkeith

Twopennies

Scots.

79 6 30 Martli. . 1760.

Luna, 30 dMartii;

Anno 33° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760* Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. TomJajns, from the Com mi (Turners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in: and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Culm exported from the Harbour of Milford, and the rest of the County of Pembroke, and the Duties paid thereon, for Seven Years, viz. from Christmas 1751, to Christmas 1758; distinguishingeach Year, and the Places from whence, and to what Parts, such Exportations were made.

The said Mr. Tomkyns also presented to the House, a Paper, intituled, " The Return of the Inspector General " of Exports and Imports, in pursuance of an Order a of the Honourable House of Commons, in Parliament H assembled, dated 28th February 1760."

And then he withdrew.

And the 'Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Return was also read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be'perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hezvett presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Adwicke in the Street, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the molofingand dividing divers Parcels of Commons and waste Grounds, lying and being in the several Townships of Walton on the Hill and Fazakerley, in the Parish of Walton on the Hill aforesaid, and County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile-Stone, at the Upper End of Stone Street in the Town of Maidstone, in the Conuty of Kent, to a certain Place called 7'ubs Lake, in the Parirti of Cranebrooke, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cornezvall, Mr. Fazakerly, Lord Strange, Mr. Fellozves, Lord Verney, Mr. Bacon Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Burrell, Mr Cartwright, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wittes, Mr. Tho-roton, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr Hezvett, Admiral Osborne, Mr. Staunton, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Ofzvald; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Suffer, and Surrey; and for the Cinque Ports: and for the County of Middlesex, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Baron, Baillie, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Dalkeith, in the County of Edinburgh, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr, John Logan anil Mr. James Blackey, severally 16

said, That the Streets of Dalkeith are in a ruinous Condition, and the Inhabitants thereof very ill supplied with fresh Water, both which Inconveniences might eafdy be remedied, if a Fund could be raised for that Purpose:

That the Buildings and Inhabitants of the said Town are of late Years greatly increased, which makes it very necessary that the Miniller should have an Assistant, which was formerly the Cafe; but that the said Town has no Revenue to answer these necessary Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended, within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith: And that Mr, Bacon Mr. Hezvett, and Mr. Tozvnjhend, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Coopey’* to enable John Coopey, Doctor of Physic, and Humphrey Name. Brent Coopey, his Brother, and their issue Malerespec-tively, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Brent, pursuant to the Will of Humphrey Brent, late of the Middle Temple, London, Esquire, was read a Second time.

Refolded. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chafe Price, Lord Hariy Powlett, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Faza-kerly, Mr. Wittes, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Strange, Mr. Aif-labie, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Witty, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Geo. Savile, M r. Kynaston, Si r Francis Poole, Mr. Smith,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Burrell,

Mr. Cornezvall, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gore, Mr. Martin,

Mr. Hanger, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Butler, Mr. Sandys; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Middlesex, Hereford, and Salop; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Addrds House, That their Address of Thursday last, returning reported; his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his gracious A^.^1 Message, and for his tender Regard to the Privileges of emw' this House, in the Communication which he has been pleased to make to this House, of the Reason for putting Lord George Sackvitte in Arrest, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common locioim. Fields, common Meadows, and other commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Coddington, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received *, and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Notice being taken, That his Majesty’s Interest is con- writ earned in the Bill fordividing and inclosing the common Farndon F’elds, common Pastures, common Meadows, common hcloir. Grounds, and waste Grounds, of and in the Manor, Harnlet, and Liberties, of West Farndon, in the Parish of Woodford, otherwise Haifa Woodford, in the County of Northampton; which Bill was, upon Tuesday last, read a Second time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been acquainted with the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest i$ concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, That his Majesty’s Interest is Snuthu concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the lodoiaii common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Soulham, in the County of JVarxckk; which Bill was, upon Tuesday last, read a Second time, and committed;

Mr.

3 3 Geo. II. 3

797

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been acquainted with the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they tlxall think fit.

Mr. Staunton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Moor or Common called Hunwieke Edge, in the Manor of Bondgate, and County of Durham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Dorothy Wynne Widow, and Robert Shaft0, Esquire, whose joint Property in the Township of Newton Cap. entitled to Right of Common upon the said Moor or Common, is of the yearly Value of£ 12, and the said Robert Shafto being applied to, said, the Right w as not in him, but his Mother Mrs. Wynne; and also except William Blackett, whose Property is of the yearly Value of £.140, and who being applied to, said, he did not appove of the Bishop’s Terms, but did not say he would oppose the Bill; and also except Jackson, a

Bankrupt, whose Property is of the yearly Value of £.16; and also except^he Right honourable the Far!of Strathmore, whose Property is of the yearly Value of £.9, and who being applied to, said, it was n.of his Interest to divide, and being alked, whether he would oppose the Bill, said, he should not be in England at the Time; and that the Property of the several Persons entitled to Right t>f Common upon the said Moor or Common, intended to be inclosed, who have given their Consent to t he Bill, is of the yearly Value of£.i,213. 4. 6; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and.afterwards delivered the Bill, wit h the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qu eft ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refolulions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeih; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the £.3. per Centum Annuities, amounting to £.6,600,000,together with the additional Capital of £. 15 added to every £.ioo advanced towards the said Sum of £.6,6oo,oco, amounting to £.990,000, granted Amw 1759, be, with the Consent of the several Proprietors, added to, and made a Part of, the joint Stock of £.3 per Centum transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, consolidated by the Acts 25, 28, 29, and 32, of his present Majesty’s Reign, and the Charges and Expences in respect; thereof, be charged upon, and paid out of, the Sinking Fund, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in the same and like Manner as the Annuities, consolidated as aforesaid, are paid and payable; and that such Persons who shall not, on or before the 20th Day of June 1760, signify their Dissent, in Books to be opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, shall be deemed and taken to assent thereto.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Monies that have arilen since the 5th Day of January 1760, or that ilia.ll and may hereafter arise, of the Produce of the Subsidy of Poundage upon certain

Goods and Merchandizes imported, or to be imported, into this Kingdom, and the additional Inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate, which were made a Fund for Payment of £.3 *per Centum per Annum at the Bank of England, on £.6,600,000 borrowed by virtue of an Act 32 George 2. towards the Supply of the Year 1759; as also on the additional Capital of £.15, added to every £.ioo,

advanced towards the Sum of £.6,6oo,oooo> amounting to £.990,000, shall be carried to, and made a Part of the Fund, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

The said Resolutions, being Severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. James Grenville, the Lord North, Mr. Oswald, Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. West£ do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bayntun, according to Order, reported from the Duchy of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to en- Cornwall able his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, C8' Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af7 terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Report was read.

And the First of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day 9even- Foundling night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hospitah House, to take into further Confederation the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children.

Resolved, That this House will,upon Wednesday M o r n- Supply;

ing next, resolve into a Committtee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That thisHouse will,upon Wed?iefdayMom- Ways

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mfans/ House, toconsider further of Ways and Meansfor raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order made this Day, for the House to resolve Duchy of itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Cornwall further of the Bill to enable his Majesty to make Leases c*

and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, after the House shoukl have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Inftnuftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to Leases already made.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bayntun took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bayntun reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

9 R And

798 3° — :4° A. ij6o.

And then, the TIoufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 4° die Martii;

Anno 330 Georgii IP11 Regis, 1760.

VK AYERS.

APETITION of several of the Trustees of the Acts of Parliament thereafter mentioned, and of a great Number of the Inhabitants of the several Towns and Parities, through which that Part of the Road leading from Market Ha thorough, in the County of Leicester. to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, which lieth between the MarketCrofs in T/irap-Jton, in the County of Northampton, and the said Pound, doth pass, and of other Inhabitants near the fame; and also.

Another Petition of several of the Trustees of the Acts of Parliament thereafter mentioned, and of a great Number of the Inhabitants of the several Towns and Pa-riflies through which that Part of the Road leading from Market liar borough, in the County of Lckejter, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, which lieth between the Market Cross in Thrapston, in the County of Northampton, and the said Pound, doth pass, and of other Inhabitants near the fame; Were severallypresentedtotheHouse, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market liar-borough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon; and by One other Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual,

; the said former Act; and alleging, that the Tolls, already granted by the said Acts, are as large as the Trade carried on by the Petitioners, and others iifing the said Road, will admit, without being greatly prejudiced thereby; and that fmee the passing the said Acts, the Price of Coals, which is the Fuel chiefly used in those Pacts, and for the Carriage *; 1: whereof, the said Road is the nearest and most commodious for the Inhabitants upon or near the Road, as well as the Rates of Carriage of other Commodities on the said Road, have been considerably increased, and that any further Increase of the said Tolls, especially if the same should be great, or should be applied in the same Manner and Proportion as the said Tolls already granted by the said Acts are made applicable, would not only very greatly distress the Petitioners, if not be totally rn-consistent with the Trade and Welfare of the said Road, but would also be particularly unequal and injurious with regard to the Petitioners, and all other Persons, living in the several Towns and Parishes through, or near which, that Part of the said Road which lieth between Market llarborough aforesaid, and the Market Cross in Thrapston aforesaid, doth pass, in regard that Three-seventhsof the net Produce of all the Tolls granted by the said Acts ;. are appropriated to the Repairs of such Part of the said Road as lieth between the said Market Cross in Thrapston aforesaid, and the said Pound in Brampton aforesaid; and that it hath beenfouud by constant Experience, ever ft bee the palTing the said Acts, and the same will, as the Petitioners apprehend, clearly appear from the Books and Accounts of the said Trustees, and their Receivers and Clerks, that the said Proportion of Three-sevenths of the whole Tolls, hath every Year greatly exceeded the Money that has been annually collected upon that Part of the said Road, to the Repairs whereof the said

Three-sevenths are appropriated, and is also more than ought to be applied in the Repairs thereof, iu Proportion of the Expence of repairing the Whole of the said Road: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that in case IheHouse shall think fit to pass the fame, that then such Limitations and Restrictions, as well as to the Number of Turnpikes or Gates to be erected on the said Road, whereat, distinct Toils shall be taken, as to the Sums to be taken for ToIIs thereat,may be inserted therein, as to the House shall seem reasonable; and that in case any new or greater Toll or lolls shall hereafter be taken upon the said Road, that such new or greater Tolls that shall be taken, upon that Part of the said Road that lieth between Market llarborough aforesaid, and the said Market Cross in Thrapston aforesaid, may be appropriated to the Repairs of the same Part of the said Road, and that such new or greater Tolls as Audi be collected or taken on the other Part of the said Road, lying between the Market Cross in Thrapston aforesaid, and the said Pound in Brampton aforesaid, may be appropriated to the Repairs thereof.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Confutation of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town of Sir- Bought mingham, and other Places in the County of Wanvick, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, ^oad That Leave is given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads, from the Bars at Boughton,within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Caftie Bromwich,av\A Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton, in the County of JVarivick; and felting forth, that the Road from Castle Bromwich aforesaid, to the said Town of Birmingham, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places very incommodious and narrow, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said Road:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Burrell,

Mr. York, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Ridley, Mr. . 'Lyjler, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Moore, Mr. Gore, Mr. Probyn, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sandys, S\r Thomas Palmer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Pole, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Howard, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Hezvctt, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Staunton^ Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Finch, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Toztm/hend, Mr. Wdtfon, Mr. Hume, Colonel Gray, Mr. Wilkes, Sir John Croffie, Mr. Ellis, Sir John Rujhoitt,

M r.. Grenville, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Lloyd, Sir John Turner; and all the Members who serve for the Coua-ties of Warwick, Stafford, Salop, Chester, and Lancaster;

and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the JJars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank', in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Caftie Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton on Arden, in the Comity, of Warioick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Sir Edmund Isham, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fellmves, Mr. Webb, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Gib-bans, Mr. Fidler, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Sarnlys, Sir John !Philipps, Mr. Burrell, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Pole, Mr.

Lowndes,

31 Geo. II. 4 Mar799

Ijozvndes, Mr. Recorder of I.on don, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. More, Lord 777-7/Vr.r, Mr. 7////, Mr. A7//V, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. G-'o/r, Mr. Howard, Mr. G7r<yi?<war, Mr. Alderman Dick inf on, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. Probyn, Lord Middleton, Mr. Hume, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Staunton, Sir William Irby, Mr. Heivett, Sir 7^/777 Ruffiant, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Waller, Mr. y?;/i, Mr. Grew. Onslow, Mr. Town fh end, Sir Grew. So vile, Mr. Willes, Sir James Creed, Mr. GV//M0/2, Colonel Gray, Mr. Watjbn, Sir Crosse; and all (he Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Salop, Stafford, Warwick, and Lancaster; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Wye River. The Lord Middleton reported from the Committee, <0 whom the Bill for extending and continuing the Navigation of the River IFi??/, other wise IfT/e, in the County of AVrm/, to the Town of Godalming, in the said County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Borough o\' Midhurst, in the County of Suffer, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iti at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause G, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the red were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause G, the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, w as postponed.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to the Amendment which was postponed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from life Lords, by Mi4. Bennett and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

Trapa-ud’s, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act &c. Nat. for naturalizing Peter Trapaud, Nicholas Battier, Christ topher Battier, John Ralph Battier, Abel Mitz, Peter Aubertin, John William Siriith, Gabriel Anthony Ernft, Frederick Nicholas Graff, Emanuel Philip Bize, and David Samuel Henry Duveluz, without any Amendment: And also,

Nyth Water The Lords have paflbd a Bill, intituled, An Act for Salmon repealing an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made 1 CTy* in the Year 1681, intituled, " Act anent the Salmond " Fishing in the Water of Nyth To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, Hartfbill The Lords have paflbd a Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosure. dividing and inclosing a certain Common or open Piece of waste Ground, in the Parish or Township of Hartjhill with Woodhall, in the County of York: To which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

punchurch, A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers contained Ac. Road. so. Two several Acts of Parliament, made in the 12th and 16th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Dun Cow, in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town of Hillmoreton, in the County Vol. 28.

of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End, irt the Parish of Duflon, in the County of Northampton; and for making the same Acts more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund IJhani, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Pel-lozves. Sir Charles A for daunt, Mr. Montagu, Mr Webb,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Faiakerley, Lord North,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Loxvndes: Mr. Scott, Mr.

Chester, Mr Finch, Mr. Colleton, Mr- Kynaston, Lord Strange, Mr. Smith, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. GroJ'venor, Mr. Probyn,

Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Gren* title; Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. West, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cr after; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock,in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Townshend reported from the Committee, to whom Earl of the Petition of Lionel Earl of Dyfart, and Francis Wat- Bviart’s kins; and also the Petition of the Commissioners for at

building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City Crofe.^ of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey \ were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the first-mentioned Petition, and had heard some of the Petitioners on the lati-mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had directed him to report a State of the first-mentioned Petition to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

' To prove the Matter of Fast contained in the first-mentioned Petition, and having also heard some of the Jaft-mentioned Petitioners on their said Petition, beg Leave to reprefenl to the House,

That the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge were impowered, by virtue of an Act, made in the Tw enty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to open, in such Manner as they should think proper, the Streets leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, and to agree with the Owners of such Estates as should be necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of the Act; and if they should be possessed of more Ground than lliould be necessary for widening the Streets, they might dispose of it as they should find most advantageous.

Upon examining, on the Part of the Earl of Dyfart,

/Mr. Martyr, Surveyor to his Lordship, it appeared to your Committee, that the Earl of Dyfart w>as, at the Time of passing the said Act, Owner of Houses and Grounds on the West Side of the Street leading from Charing Cross towards Whitehall; and that the said Commissioners, finding the fame, or some Parts thereof, necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, signified to Lord Dyfart their Intention to pnrehafe such Part of his Estate, as they thought necessary to be possessed of, and that his Lordship had returned an Answer by his Agent,

Mr. Martyr, that he was very willing to accommodate the Public with such Part of his Estate, as should be necessary to carry the said Act into Execution, but did not choose to part with more.

In Cotifequence of which Answer, the Commissioners, upon the 11 tli Day of April 17 58, offered his Lordship £. 2,100 for such Part of his Estate as they adjudged necessary to be possessed of; but his Lordship being informed by his Agent, that the Ground the Coramifliouers thought necessary to be possessed of, was considerably more than the Public had Occasion for, refused the said Offer; whereupon the Commissioners summoned a Jury, wrho viewed the Premisses, for which the said Sum of £.2,100 wfas offered as aforesaid, and the said Jury awarded to his Lordship £.1,517. 11s. o d. for the fame, together with £. 135 to John Lambert, as Lessee of the said Premisses, for his Interest therein.

; It appeared by the State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners, that, subsequent'to the Juries making their Award, Lord Dyfart agreed with the Commission-<ers, by Mr. Martyr his Surveyor, to re-purchase such Part

8oo

4° — 56 Martii. A, 1760.

Part of his Lorclship’s Ground, as should not be made \ife of in widening the Street, together with the old Materials for £. 695. ior. 6 d. but that no Tender of the Money had ever been made: Lord Dyfart having* upon Three Applications made by Mr. faddon, the Solicitor to the Commissioners, for a Proof of his Title to the Premisses, declined layinganyTitle before the Commissioners.

It appeared to your Committee, that Mr. Watkins was Owner of an Estate, Part of which the Commissioners adjudged necessary to purchase for the' public Service; and not having been able to agree with him for the Purchase, the Matter was referred to a Jury, who awarded Mr. Watkins£. 1,600 for the whole Premises; that afterwards, he agreed to re-purchase such Part thereof as should not be used in widening the Street, and the Balance due to him, according to that agreement, appears to be £. 942. io.r. 10 d%.

That, in fast, no Tender has yet been made to Mr. Watkins of the Money due to him, which, as Mr. fad-don informed your Committee, was deferred, because the Draughts of the Conveyances of Mr. Watkins Estate, Which were proper to be executed by him, being left with his Attorney, who delivered them to Mr. Watkins, Mr. Seddon could never afterwards procure the Deeds from Mr. Watkins, in order to their being executed, though he frequently applied to Mr. Watkins to have them returned.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Petition of Lionel Earl of Dyfart, and Francis Watkins, be rejected.

Accounts of Ordered, That the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes Children tl*e Bills of Mortality, do lay before this House,

Accounts of the Number of Children which have been received into their respective Workhouses at the Age of One Year, or under, from the First Day of January 1749, to S1^ Day of December 1755, both Days inelulive; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, do lay before this House, Accounts of the Number of Children which have been discharged at the Age of One Year, or under, out of their respective Workhouses, from the First Day of January 1749, to the 31st Day of December 1755, both Days inelulive; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, do lay before this House, Accounts of the Number of Children which have died at the Age of One Year, or under, in or under the Care of their respective Workhouses, from the First Day of January 1749, to the 31st Day of December 1755, both Days inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, do lay before this House, Accounts of the Number of Children which have been sent to the Foundling Hospital by their respective Pa-riffios, from the First Day of January 1757,to 3 Day of December 1759, bothDays inclusive; distinguisfi-ing each Year.

and was, upofi the Question put thereupon, with an Amendment thereto,agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, to whom Oakhamptoa the Bill for repairing several Roads leading to the Town R°acts* of Oaklmmplon, in the County of Devon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true $ and that the Committee had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had direCied him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hartfhill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or open Incioiure. Piece of waste Ground, in the Parish or Township of Hartjhill with Woodhall, in the County of York, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to ton whom the Bill for inclosing divers Parcels of waste iaduiurc* Grounds or Commons in Longton, in the County of Lancaster, and for enjoying Part thereof as a stinted Pasture, until the Inclosure of the fame, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Removing ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Gunpowder House, upon the Bill for applying a Sum of Money ^0^* granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards taking wichto down and removing the Magazine for Gunpowder near Purfleec. Greemoich, in the County of Kent, and erecting a new Magazine for Gunpowder at Purjieet, near the River of Thames, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Duchy of whole House, to whom the Bill to enable his Majesty to Cornwall make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments. Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, was re-committed, be received Tomorrow Morning,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 50 die Martii j

Anno 33® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760.

Scotch Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House will.

Militia Laws. T0.morrovv Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws in being, which relate to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Wyc River* The Lord Middleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending and continuing the Navigation of the River ITcy, otherwise Wye, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Godalming, in the said County, was re-fCommiUed, with respect to One of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, That the Committee had made another Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read; the Report in hit Place; and afterwards - delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the CIerk’s Table: Where the said Amendment was twice read;

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Stevenson, Account of from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at TeasfeiwL the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities and Produce of Teas seized and condemned in this Kingdom, from 25th December 1746, to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year, as also the Kinds of Teas.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr.

West

Farnden

lndofure.

Nunwicke

Inclosure.

Deanburn T Bridge, Ice, Hoad.

33 Geo. If. 5 Martii.801

Mr. Cartwright, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pafiures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, of and in the Manor, Hamlet, and Liberties, of West Fam don, in the Parish of Woodford, otherwise Haifa Woodford, in the County of Northampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto,which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. 1

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

knows the Road leading from Deanburn Bridge, through SoutrayHill, by Channel Kirk, Greenlaw, and Antonjhill, to the Side of the Tweed, opposite to Coldstream, which is the nearest Road from London to Edinburgh, but that the same is in the Winter and wet Seasons inipaflable, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law:

That in order to render the said Road commodious, it will be necessary to build a Bridge cross the River Tweed, from Coldstream to the opposite Shore, the Passage of the River beingextremely dangerous, and several Persons have been drowned in attempting it:

Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Deanburn Bridge, through Soulrahill, by Channel Kirk, Greenlaw, and Anton/hill, to the River Tweed at Coldstream; and for building a Bridge cross the fair! River, from Coldstream to the opposite Shore: And that the Lord Register of Scotland and Mr. Fletcher do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosingand dividing the Moor or Common called Humvicke Edge, in the Manor of Bondgate, and County of Durham, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 33. To leave out " One" and insert Two."

Pr. 21. L. 14. To leave out from c< Way-leaves'1 to " in," in L. 16:

L. 17. After " thereof," to insert cc with Liberty to repair the said Way."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosingand dividing the Moor or Common called Hunwicke Edge, in the Manor of Bondgate, and County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Staunton do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Register of Scotland reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of A rchib a IdDuke of Douglas, the Right honourable Lord Elibank, Robert

Kennedy of Greenknozv, Sir William Purvis of that Ilk, John Borthivick of Cookston, Alexander Dalziel of Hart-side, Alexander Hay of Mordingloivn, Francis Pringle, Thomas Cock burn, and John Pringle, Writers to the Signet, and Janies Romainous, and John Walker, Baillies of the Burgh of Lauder, for themselves, and in Name of the Community of the said Burgh; and also the Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Earl of Hadington, the honourable Alexander Home Superior of Manderfion, William Grant of Preston Grange, one of the Senators of the College of Justice, Sir John Steivart of Allan Bank, Sir John Patterson of Eccles, S\r Alexander Don of Newton, Baronets, George Carre of Wefinijbit, Esquire, one of the Senators of the College of Justice, Henry Home of Kaims, Esquire, one of the Senators of the College of Justice, George Baillie of Jervijwood, Esquire, James Kerr of Morifon, Esquire, David Home of Wedderburn, Patrick Home of Billy, John Carre younger, of Nijbit, Wynn Johnston of Hilton, David Gavin of Langton, John Renton of Lamerton, George Drummond of Blair, Mr John Swin-ton, younger, of Szvinton, Advocate, John Home, Esquire, of , John W\U'son of Over mains, Stephen Broomfieldof Nether mains, William Robertjbn of Lady Kirk, James Justice of Justice Hall, and John Robertson of Saint Leonards; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matterof the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read, and is as followeth: viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

James Pringle, JLfi\uire, being examined, said, That he Vol. 28.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rennet and Mr.

Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Derby Roads, to amend and render more effectual Two Acts, passed in the 11th and 17th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Mackworth Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, lndofure. Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Mackworth, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Charter-house enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James, Estates.

founded in Charter-houjeto grant building or other Leases, of some Parts of the Estates of the said Hospital, lying in the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, and elsewhere, in the County of MiddleJ'ex, for such Terms of Years as are therein-mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bayntun, according to Order, reported from the Duchy of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, ta c Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments ivere once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Commit- gaiford tee, to whom the Bill to enable the Moll noble Francis Canal. Duke of Bridgewater, to vary the Course of a navigable Cut or Canal, authorised to be made by an Act, passed in the last Seflkm of Parliament, by making such Cut or Canal to, and conveying the same over, the River /r-well, at or near Barton Bridge, and from thence to the Town of Manchester, intheCounty Palatineof Lancaster; and to extend a Branch from such Cut or Canal to or near Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the said County; was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Crofsford Bridge, through the Township of Stretford, and Hulme, to the Town of g S Manchester,

8oa 50 Martli. A. 1760.

Manchester, iti the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, and Manufacturers, in the Town of Manchejltr, in the County Palatine of Lancq/ler; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, refid ing in and near the Market Towns of Altringham and Nether Knuts ford, in the County Palatine of Chester, and near to the Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; were referred; That the Committee had considered the said first-mentioned Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,- with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Barrow Ordered, That Lord Carysfort, Mr. Nugent, be added

Inclosure# to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several open and common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Barroxv upon Soar, in the County of Leicester, is committed.

Hayton Ordered, That Mr. Bridgman be added to the Com-Inclosure. niittee,towhoni the Bill fordividing and allotting certain open arable Fields, mea'dovv and pasture Grounds, in the Township of Hayton% in the County of Nottingham, is committed.

Widening Sir Robert Ladbroke presented to the House, accord-Londoo ing to Order, a Bill for widening certain Streets, Lanes, trcets* and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for determining Disputes about re-building Houses, or the Party Walls thereof, wherein several Persons have an intermixed Property, and for the better regulating of Buildings; and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within the said City and Liberties: And the same was received; and read the First time.

RefoLved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Account of The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Mdafles, Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Melasses, imported into Scotland, from Christmas 1753, to Christmas 1759 distinguishing each Year; with the Amount of the Duties thereupon: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Plantation Rum reexported from Scotland, from Chrijbnas 1752, to Chr fit-mas 1759; distinguishing the Amount in each Year; and from thence to Midsummer 1759: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of foreign Brandies and Geneva, re-exported from Scotland,from Chrijbnas 1752, to Chrijbnas 1759; distinguishing each Year; and from thence to Midsummer 1759.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Breedon A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

B aKoad^C ant* °therinhabitants,livingnear, and usually travelling, oat* the high Road, from the Road leading from Breedon Brand to Woeful Bridge, through Redzvord Lane and Part of Tange Liberty, and through Gelfcoe Lane to Difeicorth Field, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the BiH 18

for repairing and widening the high Roads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and also from 1 loo-Ash-Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swanington to LeeGuiter, and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from Ibflock to Measham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby; and setting forth, that the said high Road, joining to the Road proposed to be repaired by the said Bill, is in a ruinous Condition, and narrow in many Places, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing the said high Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Bowes, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cholmley, Mr.

Thoroton, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Pye, Sir Robert Ladbroke,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Calthorpe,

Mr. More, Lord North, Mr. Staunton, Sir George Sa-vile, Mr. Foley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Townshend,

Mr Vyner, Mr. Alderman Dichinfon, Mr Grenville, Mr,

Moore, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cornewal, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. 'Burrell, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Hewett, Sir Francis Dashxcood, Mr. Hume, Mr. Plump tre, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Barrozv, Mr.

Herne; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, to whom Halcworthey the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Hale- through wort hey, in the Parish of Davidstow, in the County of Camdtord Cornwall, to the East End of Wade Bridge, in the said Roa 1 County, and from the West End of Wade Bridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Meaben Reading of the Bill to enforce and render more efte6tual Qualification the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to fit in the House of Commons;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Sevenniglit;

An Amendment wras proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Monday Seven-night," and inserting the 'Words "this Day Three Months," instead thereof:

And the Question being put, That the Words " Monday Sevenniglit" {land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas $ Sir ?o/m }

leiieislor the Xeas\Ur. Kynaston :5 ‘

cThe Lord Carysfort, )

Tellers for the Noes,-? Mr. Thomas Townshend, >21.

( junior. )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Refolded, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Sevenniglit, the 17th Day of this Instant March.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole

House,

33 Geo. II. 50 — 6° M803

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ways Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-and Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° Martii;

Anno 33° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1760.

V R A Y E R S.

HarborouU, HP'H E Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee, kc.Road/ X to whom the Bill for enlarging Ihe Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the 2 .5 th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon; and by One other Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining,amending, and rendering more effectual, the said former Act; was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees of the Acts of Parliament thereafter mentioned, and of a great Number of the Inhabitants of the several Towns and Parishes through which that Part of the Road leading from Market Har borough, in the County of Leicef-ter, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, which lieth between the Market Cross in Thrapjion in the County of Northampton, and the said Pound, doth pals, and of other Inhabitants near the fame; and also another Petition of several of the Trustees of the Acts of Parliament thereafter mentioned, and of a great Number of the Inhabitants of the several Towns and Parishes through which that Part of the Road leading from Market llarborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound, in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, which lieth between the Market Cross in Thrapjion, in the County of Northampton, and the said Pound, doth pass, and of other Inhabitants near the fame; were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

Chiflehurst Major General Cornwallis reported from the Com-Snds^ tG> whom the Bill for veiling several Landsand

11 s' Tenements, in the Parish of Cf/ijlehurf, in the County of Kent, given to charitable-Uses for the Benefit of the said Parish, in the Right honourable Robert Bertie, Esquire, commonly called Lord Robert Bertie, and his Heirs, and for making Provision of greater Value inllead thereof; lor the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfactiou of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments t hereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bid, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where "the Amendments were once read throughout; and then Vol. 28.

Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An irtgrofted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act iCyth Water for repealing an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made Salmon in the Year 1681, intituled, u Act anent the Salmond Flftiery*

" Fishing in the Water of Nyth," was read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Third time. Forces.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker do carry the Bill to ihe Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Clive presented to the House, according to Order, Kiddermlnftct a Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Re- Roads‘ pair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of K idderm infer, i n 1 he Cou n ty of Worcester:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, ac- Laws cording to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 1 c*

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more efifeftual, an Act, made in the ^2d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a free Market for the Sale of Fifti in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of Fifti, and for allowing the Sale of Fifti, under the Dimensions mentioned in aCIause, contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; and also for better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fifti; and to prevent Abufesof the Salesmen of Fish for Fishermen: And the same wan received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, use of Broad pasted in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in- -Wheelson tituled, An Act for making more effectual the several H,ghways-Acts, passed for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, as restrains all Waggons travelling for Hire, with Wheels of a less Breadth than Two Inches and a Half, when worn, from being drawn with more than Three Ilorfes, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow be added to the Commit- u£gle-tee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and waste Grounds, in the Manors of Ugglebarnby and EJkdalefide, in the Parish of Whitby, and County of York, was committed.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to Seoke whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powersgranted by several Acts of Parliament of the 8 th Year of her late C* °a Majesty Queen Anne, the 9th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the 15th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways between the House, commonly called the Ilorfc Shoe House, in the Parish of Stoke Golding ton, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton; and the Road from the North

Bridge,

Gloucester, &c. Roads.

Account of Wine imported, fee.

petition of Agent for hew York, Sec.

Owfton

Ikclosure.

804 6* Martiu A. 1760.

Bridge of Newport Paghcl, in the County of Bucks, to the Horse Shoe House, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far asClause F, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Clause F, the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was postponed.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put Jthereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to the Amendment which was postponed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Coihmittee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term of and enlarging and altering the Powers granted by an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading from the City of Glou~ cester, towards the City of Hereford, and for repairing other Roads in the County of Ghucefier, in the said Act mentioned; and for making the said Act more effectual; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Quelifon severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Wine imported, from Michaelmas 1725 to Michaelmas 17 59, and of the Countries from whence imported, and of the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities and Species of Wine reexported from this Kingdom, from Michaelmas 1725 to Michaelmas 17 59, together with the Drawbacks allowed thereon; distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by his Mnjeity’s Command,

A Petition of Robert Charles Esquire, Agent for his Majesty’s Colony of Nezo York, in America, to his Majesty: And also,

Paymaster General and Secretary at War’s Report, on the Petition of Robert Charles Esquire, Agent for Nexc York.

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also said, That his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House, that his Majesty recommends the said Papers to the Consideration of the House.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons

and wade Grounds in the Manor and Conflablery of Owfion, in the West Riding of the County of York,\\as committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Reverend Charles Dalton and James Watkin, whose Estates within the said Manor and Constablery amount together to the Sum off. 34. 10 s. per Annum, or thereabouts, and who being applied to, refused to iign the Bill; and that the whole Estates in the said Manor and Constablery, amount to the Sum of £. 611 per Annum, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Palmer reported from the Committee, to Hinckfcr, whom the Bill for repairing and widening the high Roads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and also from II00 Ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swaning-ton to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from lbjlock to Measham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, was committed; and to whom the Petition of William Wollaston, Esquire; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, of the County of Leicester; w'ere severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Sir Thomas Palmer reported from the Committee to Brenta whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Brands holders, and other Inhabitants, living near, and usually R(ai travelling, the high Road from the Road leading from Rreedon Brand to Woeful Bridge, through Redword Lane and Part of Tonge Liberty, and through Gelfcoe Lane to Difeworth Field, in the County of Leicester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table. Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

' Mr. Robert Hardy and Mr. John Boley, being severally examined, said, That they know the Road mentioned in the Petition, and that the same is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be aninstruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the high Roads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and also from Hoo Ash Lane through Old Lane, and from Swanning-ton to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from lbjlock to Measham, in the Counties of Leicepr and Derby, is re-committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing and widening the high Road from the Road leading from Breedon Bi and to Woeful Bridge, through Redzvood Lane and Part of Tonge Liberty, and through Gilfcoe Latte to Diseworth Field, in the County of Leicester.

33 Geo. If.

.0

leworthy,

rouoU

anciford

oads.

Charterhouse

Estates.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded* to take into Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads front IIaleworthy, in the Parish of Davidfow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wade Bridge, in the said County, and from the West End of Wade Bridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchelly in the said County, was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House: Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 70 die Martii;

Anno 330 Georgii JIdl Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James, founded in Charter House, to grant building or other Leases, of some Parts of the Estates of the

A

Marston

said Hospital, lying in the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, and elsewhere, in the County of Middlesex, for such Terms of Years as are therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Burroughs

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St.Lawrence for dividing and inclosing the common Field, common Inclosure. Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in Marjlvn Saint Laiorence, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields in the Parish of Hoby, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also,

- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ' for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Somerbyin the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, without any Amendment.

Aud then the Messengers withdrew*.

Hoby

Inclosure.

Somerby

Inclosure.

Coddington

lodofure.

lWaklftone, fee. Road.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadows, and othtfr commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Coddington, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charllon, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Oficald, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Wilkin Ton, Mr. Pole, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. FeHowes, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Hume, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Smith, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Verney, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys. Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. More, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hands, Mr. West, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Alderman Bedford; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Lekefier, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of Sir John Filmer, Baronet, and the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Persons, whose Names are there-Yol. 28.

unto subscribed and set, being Inhabitants of the P£ rishes of Betherfden, S mar den, Headcom, East Sutton;

Sutton Valhance, and several other Parishes lying near or contiguous to a high Road Called Sutton Road, lead* ing from thence to the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, which was presented to the House upon Thvprfday the 28th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the Second Reading of the Bill, for the amending, widening, and keeping itt Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, tb a certain Place called Tub’s Lake, in the Parish of Cranebrooke, in the said County, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said BiH is committed.

Ah ingrossed Bill to enable the Most noble Francis Salford Duke of Bridgewater, to vary the Course of a navigable Canal*

Cut or Canal, authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, by making such Cut or Canal to, and conveying the same over, the River /r-well, at or near Barton Bridge, and from thence to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to extend a Brandi from such Cut or Canal to or near Longford Bridge, in the Town ship of Stretford, in the said County; was i*ead the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Most noble Francis, Duke of Bridgewater, to make a navigable Cut or Canal, from or near Wor fey Mill, over the River Irwelfy to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lan-caj'ter, and to or near Longford Bridge, in tile Town-iliip of Stretford, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dfefire their Concurrence:

Sir Thomas Palmer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received $ and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time:

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Adwickc in the Street, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hezvett,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Wilkittfon, Mr. Ridley, Sir Frauds Poole, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Baton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Char U 071^ Mr. Fellozees, Mr.

Lyjier, Mr. More, General Cornwallis, Montagu,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Brifiowe, Mr. Geo. Onjlozo, Mr. Pole,

Mr. Coventry;Mr. Probyn, Mr. Cartxm'ight, Mr. Staunton, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Buller, Mr. Crafier, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Hume, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fonereau,

Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Ofivald, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Wef, Sir Geo. Halftone, Sir Thomas Hales 5 and all the Members who serve for the Counties Of Nottingham, Leicester, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Melton . Mowkray Inclosure.

Adwicke

Inclosure.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing several Roads Ieading to the Town of Odkhampton, in the County of Devon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do* pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Harris of Ashburlon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of Cornwall, whose Names are thereunto fob-

Oakhampto#

Roads,

3*

feribsd.

tiauhceftoj(

Road.

8o6 70 — io'

scribed, Was patented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the High Roads leading from Coomb Bozo Bridge, in the Parish of Thrujhelton, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Launceston, to Halewortky, in the County of Cornwall, and from Pennigillam Pool to Trekelearne Bridge, and from Launceston aforesaid to Greston Bridge, and from La~ burnick Cross to Jonas's Shop, and from Pages's Cross to Hurdon Water, in the County of Cornwall; and setting forth, That the several high Roads, leading towards the North from the said Town and Borough, and joining to the high Road leading from the said Town and Borough, through the Street of Saint Thomas the Apojlle, the Parish of Saint Stephen's, and from thence through the Parishes oiWerrington and North Petherwyn, in the County of Devon, to the Village of Bermacott, in the Parish of Boyton, in the County of Cornwall; and also from the said Town and Borough, through the said Parish Street of Sabit Thomas the Apojile, the Parish of Saint Stephen's aforesaid, to Nezo Bridge, within the - said Parish, and from thence through the Parish of Wer-rington aforesaid to a Village, called Sulcolt, in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Heath, in the said County of Devon; and likewise from the said Town and Borough, through the said Parish Street of Saint Thomas the Apof-tley t\ie Parish of Saint Stephen's aforesaid, to the VII-Jage of Eglefkerry, in the said County of Cornwall; are in a ruinous Condition, and narrow in many Places, and cannot be repaired by the present Method prescribed by Law: and therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cousideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Peter Burrelly Mr. Charltony Lord Northy Mr. Harris, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Cartzvrighty Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilkinfony Mr. Morey Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Geo. Onjlozoy Mr. Hewetty Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Staunton, Sir Francis Pooley Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Lezvis, Mr. Tozvnjhend, General Cornwallis, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Alderman * Dick inf on. Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Hume, Lord Caiysfort, Mr. Shirley, Lord Vemey, Mr. Foley, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Nugent, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Brand, Sir James Creed, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Ofzvald, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Westy and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Supply Bill; Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Duties on Order, a Bill to prevent the excessive Use of spirituous Spirits. Liquors, by laying an additional Duty thereupon; and to encourage the Exportation of British-made Spirits: And the same was received 5 and read the Firfi time.

The House was moved. That the Copy of an Order from the.Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners for Victualling his Majesty’s Navy, dated the 27th November 1756, which was presented to the House upon Thursday, the 28 th Day of February last, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Shortham Ordered, That Sir William Peere Williams do make Harbour, the Report froqi the- Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting Piers, and other Works, for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the

Marin. - A. 1760.

County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair, was committed.

Sir William Peere Williams accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afc terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: AVhere the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Removing ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Gunpowder House, upon the Bill for applying a Sum of Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards taking wich to down and removing the Magazine for Gunpowder Purfleet. near Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and erecting a new Magazine for Gunpowder at Purfleet, near the River of Thames, in the County of Essex.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Wayi ing next, resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunte,io° die Martii;

Anno 33* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Crafter, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Maidfbe, OJbaldefton, Mr. Poore, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Wilkinson, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Milestone, at the upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place, called Tubs Lake, in the Parish of Cranebrooke, in the said-County, is committed.

A Bill for inclosing and dividing divers Parcels of Waltoo Commons and waste Grounds, lying and being in the on® several Townfhi ps of Walton on the Hill and Fazakerley, *nc"furt in the Parish of Walton on the Hill aforesaid, and County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Bold, Mr. Crafter, Mr.

More, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fellozves, Lord North, Mr. Hanger, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hewett, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Robert Ilildyard, Mr. Jennings, Sir James Creed, Mr. Buller, Sir William Peei'c Williams, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Smith, Lord Carysfort, Mr.

' Pitt, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. Fletcher, Sir Robert Ladbrooke, Mr. Ridley, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Briftowe, Lord Geo. Manners, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Willes, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Fuller,

Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Gajhry, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Gore, Mr. Chetzoynd, Mr. Earle, Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Evelyn, Sir 1high Dalrymple, Sir Geo. Dalftone,

Sir William Calvert; And all the Members who serve

for

GoO£:

33 Gfco. IL 10° Marin.

for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, Pork, WestmoYe-land, Cumberland, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A McfTage from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Mount agu:

M r. Speaker,

Stoffold’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mame. to enable Henry Stoffold and Robert Stoffbld, Gentlemen, now called Henry Austen and Robert Austen,*and their Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Austen, in Head of their own Surname and Arms, pur-fuanfc to the Will of Robert Austen Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment: And also,

Birford The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Parish of Barf or d, in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment: And also.

Lute ham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inclosure. for dividing and inclosing. the common Fields within the Parish of Lutcham, alias Lite ham, in the County of Norfolk; and for exlinguishing the Rights of Common or Shackage in the said common Fields, and certain other Lands in the said Parish, called Half Year Closes; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Tyth Water An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Salmon for repealing an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made Fishery. jn ^|le Year One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-one, intituled, " Act anent the Salmond Fishing in the " Water of Nythft was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Veitch, Mr. Fletcher, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Feflowes, Mr. Ofxvald; Mr. Hewett, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Smith, Mr, IVilk info 71, Mr. Thoroion, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Geo. Sanile, Mr. More, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Fullei', Sir . James Creed, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Buller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Freeman, Lord Strange, Mr. Anson, Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Geo. Dalftone, Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Lord North, General Cornwallis; and all the Members who ierve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bhoreham An ingrossed Bill for erecting Piers, and other Works, Harbour, for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shore/iam, in the County of Sufjex, and for keeping the same in Repair, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

In the Lift of Commissioners to insert " Sir John i " Shelley."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for erecting Piers, and other Works, for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County of Suffer, and for keeping the same in Repair.

Ordered, That Sir William Peere Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

loucester, An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of, and c. Roads, enlarging and altering the Powers granted by, an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading from the City of Gtoucester, towards the City of Hereford,

and for repairing other Roads in the County of Glou-

cefier, in the said Act mentioned; and for making the ' said Act more effectual: was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz* i Vox.. 2-8.

Pr. 6. L. 11. To leave out u Fir&ft and insert " Fifth."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Qiteftion put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making more effectual, and continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers of art Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gtoucester towards the City of Hereford; and for repairing other. Roads in the County of Gtoucester, in the said Act mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. BaYrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the com- West mon Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, Famdon common Grounds, and waste Grounds, of and in the Manor, Hamlet, and Liberties of West Famdon, in the Parish of Woodford, otherviHfe Halfe Woodford, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclrtfing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, of afnd in the Manor,

Hamlet, and Liberties, of West Famdon, in the Parish of Woodford, otherwise Halfe Woodford, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Orders made upon Accounts of Thursday last, " That there be laid before this House, # Wine C( an Account of the Quantities of Wine imported, i®Ported#&* " from Michaelmas 1725 to Michaelmas 1759; and of " the Countries from whence imported; and of the " Duties paid thereon 5 distinguishing each Year ft and also,

" That there be laid before this House, an Account " of the Quantities and Species of Wine re-exported w from this Kingdom, from Michaelmas 1725 to Michaelmas 1759; together with the Drawbacks allowed cc thereon; distinguishingeach Year;" might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Wine imported annually, from Christmas 1745 to Christmas 1759; distinguishing those imported from France.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Wine re-exported annually, from Christmas 1745 to Christmas 1759; distingiiishing those that were originally imported from France.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Spencer* for naturalizing Maria Elizabeth Spencer, Wife of Nat. Richard Spencer Esquire, was read the Third time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkyns, from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; Teas seized.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, prefertted to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities and Produce of Teas seized and condemned by the Officers of the Customs in England,from 25th December 1746 to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year, also the Kinds of Teas.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lieupontheTable, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other;

Papers of this Session.

A Bill i

8o8 16° MarA. 1760.

Widening

London

Streets.

fcigh Peak, &c. Courts Baron.

A Rill for Widening Certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for determining Disputes about re* building Houses, or the Party Walls thereof, wherein several Persons have an intermixed Property, and for the better regulating of Buildings; and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the said City and Liberties; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir John Barnard, Sir Samuel Flu dyer. Sir William Calvert, Mr. Alderman Dick inf on. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Geo. Onjlozv, Mr. Alderman Bedkford, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Lyjter, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. More, Mr. Craftr, Mr. Montague, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Iieioett, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Samuel Martin, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Smith, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Walter, Mr Bacon, Mr. Wefi, Mr. Thurjby, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Pitt, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Han* ger, Mr. Geo. Pitt, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Fonereait, Sir Richard Glynne, Mr. Staunton, General Cornwallis, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Ga/hry; and all the'Members who serve for the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex, Effiex, Surrey, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the SpeakdPs Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Freeholders, Inhabitants, and Re* fiants, within the Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Cafileton, in the County of Derby, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mi*. Michael Hall, Deputy Steward of the several Courts Baron belonging to the Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Cafiletom, said, That Plea hath been held in the said Courts every Three Weeks, or as often as requisite, in all perfortal Actions arising within the Jurisdictions of the said Courts, where the Debt hath been under Forty Shillings; and that Justice hath been administered in the most impartial Manner; but that the Method of compelling Persons to appear before the said Court, and the Expences of prosecuting Causes to Judgment, and the removing such Causes afterwards to iu peri or Courts, hath greatly discouraged Creditors from attempting to recover their just Debts: And the Witness added, that the regulating the Proceedings of the said Courts would be very advantageous?to the Persons residing within the Jurisdiction of the tame. Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present Method of Proceedings in the several Courts Baron, hi the Petition mentioned, are tedious, expensive, and ineffectual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, for Leave to bring in a Bill for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the said Courts Baron.

The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring-in a B&l for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron, within the Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Cafileton, in the County of Derby; v

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been acquainted with the Contents of the said Petition, had commanded him tb acquaint the House, That his Majesty gives his Consent to the bringing in such a Bill as is desired by the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Proceedings in personal A&ious, in the respective Courts Baron, within the Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Cafileton, in the County of Derby; And that Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Hewelt, and the Lord George Cavendish, do prepare^ and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hezvett presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclositig the open Fields of Cofiock, otherwise Cortlingstock, in the County of Nottingham, and all the Lands and Grounds within the said open Fields: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejblvcd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Palmer prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields in the Parish Gumbley, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun, under their common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; reciting, That by an Act of Parliament, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for making the said River navigable, the Undertakers and Proprietors thereof were obliged, as soon as the said River should be made navigable, to make a good Road, at least Seven Yards wide, for all manner of Carriages, from the Wharf where the said Navigation should end, at Tinjley, unto the Bridge over the said River, zt Sheffield, commonly called Lady's Bridge; and for the making and repairing thereof were impowered to take the Toll mentioned in the Petition; and also reciting, that by another Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, the Undertakers were impowered to take another Toll, also mentioned in the Petition, to be from time to time applied for and towards the repairing the said Road; and alleging, that the said Navigation being completed up to Tinjley, the Petitioners, in obedience to the said Acts, have made a good Road from Sheffield to Tinjley aforesaid, and havehitherto kept the same in Repair at an Expence amounting to the Sum of £. 3,500 and upwards, over and above all the Income.arisen from the said Tolls; but that, notwithstanding the utmost Care is taken by the Petitioners to maintain the said Road in good Condition, the same is so cut and torn by the great Number of narrow wheeled Carriages passing thereon with Loadings, not only to and from the said Wharf, and subject to the Tolls aforesaid, but also to and from other Places, and not subject to any Toll for the Repair of the said Road; that it is almost impossible for the Petitioners to prefers the said Road as it ought to be, without same legal Restraint, to prevent or discourage such frequent and excessive Use of narrow wheeled Carriages there-oa-; and taking Notice, that a Petition is depending in the House, for widening and repairing the Road from Sheffield to Bawtry, in the County of York, in which the said Road from Sheffield to Tinjley is coin-prised, being Part thereof: And therefore praying, That the said Road from Sheffield to Tinjley may be comprehended in the Bill intended to be brought into thejkoufe, as desired in the said Petition; and that such Provisionsmay be therein inserted, for the Relief of the

Petitioners

Coflock

Iadofure,

Gumbley

Iafllofure.

Ihwtryts

Sheffield

Road,

33 Geo. II. 10° Ma809

Petitioners, and for the Difecuragement of narrow wheeled Carriages travelling on the said Road, as to the Wisdom of the House shall seem meet and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Farmers, and Traders, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near, and travelling on, the Road between the Towns of Sheffield and Bawtrrj, in the County of York, is referred: And that they do examine the M alter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

,iH An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act urc. for dividing and inclosing a certain Common or open Piece of waste Ground, in the Parish or Township of Hartjhill with Woodhall, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Gore, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Havett, Lord Strange, Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wil-kinfon, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Harris, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Felloices, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Chomley, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Townshend, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Montagu, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Willes, Mr. Bacon, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Thorotun, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Ridley, Sir Geo. Dalstone, Air, Thurjby, Mr. Walter, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir £/&$ Cunliffe, Mr. Stanley, Sir Richard Glynne, Mr. Chetzvynd; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West mor eland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

»tccfly Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to

losure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common

Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Blakejly, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of the Hamlet of Wood End, in the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

jRrare Sir Thomas Palmer reported from the Committee, to ciofuic. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Seagrave, in the County of Leicester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Hill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Thomas Warmer and William Brounfword, whose Properties in the said Fields and Commons confill of 168 Acres; \vho,on being applied to, said, they thought too much was given to the Rector in lieu of his Tythes, and refused to sign the Bill; and also except Twelve other Persons, whose Properties in the said Fields and Commons consist of 347 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; but said, they would not oppose the fame; and that the Property of the Parties who had consented to the Bill coniifts of 1,898 Acres in the said Fields and Commons; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill, except the said Thomas Warner; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he fead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Con-(ideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Stoke A Petition of several Gentlemen of the Counties of

Goidiiigton, Bucks and Northampton was presented to the House, and *0^. Vol.28.

read; taking Notice, That a Bill is depending for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, of the 8 th Year of her late Ala.jesty Queen Anne, the 9th Year of his late May fly King George the First, and the 15th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways between the House, commonly called the Horst Shoe House, in the Parifji of Stoke Goidiiigton, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton; and the Hoad from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the County of Bucks, to the Horse Shoe House; and representing to the House, that by the said Act, passed in the 8th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, all Persons riding Post are permitted to pass through any Place where the said Toll is to be collected, without paying any thing for their Passage; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that in consequence of the said Exemption being expressed in such general Terms the Benefit thereof may frequently be claimed by Persons not within the Intention of the said Act, and thereby the Payment of the Toll is liable to be evaded, to the great Detriment of the Revenue granted for the Repair of the said Roads; And therefore praying.

That the said Act, so far as it relates to the excusing Persons riding Post from Payment of the said Tolls, may be amended, and that the said Exemption may be confined to the Horse or ether Beast carrying or drawing the Mail or Packet only.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for adding certain Annuities, granted in coniolidating the Year 1759, to the joint Stock of 3 per Centum Annui- Annuities ties, consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, 29th, and 32d Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking Fund: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That Air. Summerfoll, Account of Vestry Clerk of the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Panlh Surrey, attended at the Door; Children.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Children, of the Age of One Year or under that hath been taken into,discharged out, of, or died in, the Workhouse of the Parilli of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, from the ill Day of January 1749 to the 31st Day of December 1755; and also of such Children that hath been sent to the Foundling Hospital, from the ill Day of January 1757 to the 31st Day of December 1759.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Aecountdo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sertion.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Foundling resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Hospital. take into further Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Alaintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. y

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Con- Longton sideration the Report which was made from the Commit- inclosure. tee, to whom the Bill for inclosing divers Parcels of waste Grounds or Commons in Longton, in t he County of Lan-casier, and for enjoying Part thereof as a stinted Pasture, until the Inclosure of the fame, was committed;

9U

The

8io io* — 11* Martii. A. 1760.

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the House being informed. That noCounfel attended;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Way* Resolved, That thisHouse will,upon Wednesday Morn-

and Alcan*. ing nex^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That thisHouse will, upon Thursday Seven-night , the 20th Day of this instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, to whom Launceft* the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of Cornwall, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition.

Mr. William Webb said, That he knows all the Roads in the Petition mentioned: That the same are iu a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and incommodious to Passengers; and cannot be repaired by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the high Roads leading from Coomb Boto Bridge, in the Parish of Thrvfielton, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Launceston, to Haleworthy, in the County of Cormvall, and from Pennigillam Pool to Trekellearn Bridge, and from Launceston aforesaid to Grefton Bridge, and from Labumick Cross to Jonas's Shop, and from Page's Cross to Hnrdon Water, in the County of Comiwall, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the high Roads from Launceston to Bennacott, and from Launceston to Sutcott, and from Launceston to EgUjkerry, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

The Lord Strange prefen ted to the House, according Warn to Order, a Bill te amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Navijadot Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for making the River Weaver navigable, from Frodfiam Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the County of Chester; and for the more effectual preserving and improving the Navigation of the said River: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Seaorave The Order made this Day, for taking into Considera-Inclosufc. tion the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Seagrave, in the County of Leicester, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally lead a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 11° die Martii;

5

St

Anno 33* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1760. Prayers.

Liws re- A BILL to amend an Act, made in theagth Year of spectingFifli, jr\ the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An c* Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of Fish, and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in aClause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; and also for better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish; and to prevent Abuses of the Salefman of Fish for Fishermen; was read a Second time.

The House was moved, That Part of an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the nd Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of West-jninfler; and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in a Claafe contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; might be read: And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

18

Mr. Chafe Price reported from the Committee, to Coopey'* whom the ingrossed Billfrom the Lords, intituled, An Act Name, to enable John Coopey, Do6tor in Physic, and* Humphry Brent Coopey, his Brother, and their Issue Male respectively, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Brent, pursuant to the Will of Humphry Brent, late of the Middle Temple, London, Esquire, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fonnd the same to be true *, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Kidd® Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Wor* cester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mv.Sandys,

Lord Strange, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Clive, Mr. Hetvett,

Lord ViUiers, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Daumay, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Bankes, Lord Milton, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Savile, Mr. Foley, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Moore,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fellowes,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Pook, Mr. Boone,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. AldermanDickivfon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Pro* 6j//i, Mr. Webb, Mr. Smith, Mr. Geo. Onslow, M r. Freeman,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bull, Mr. Cart-wright, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Drake, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Plump* ire, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr, MoreySir Kendrkk Clayton,

33 Geo. II. n° 811

Mr. Waller, Mr. Lyfler; and all the Members who amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads serve for the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford^ branching out of and leading from the high Road leading and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to by Broadwaters, through the Breach Lane, to Wolverley, meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the and from thence to Wribbenhall, in the Way to Beivdley Speaker’s Chamber. Bridge, in the said County; and alleging, that the

Petitioners apprehend, that if such Clause is added to ddcrmin- Pfllton reported from the Committee, to whom the said Bill, and carried into a Law, the amending and

:r Roads, the Petition of the Bailiffs, Bnrgefles, and principal In- widening the said Road will be attended with very great habitants of the Borough of Beivdley, and the principal Expence, and will be useless to the Public in general. Inhabitants of the Village of IV ribbenhall, in the County and also very injurious to the Town of Kidderminster, in of Worcester, was referred; That the Committee had particular, as the said Road is at present a private Road examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had only, for the Inhabitants of the Parish and Village of directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to Wolverleu, and the Farmers thereabouts; and as the

them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Samuel Skye, beingexamined, said, That he knows the Road from Bewdlexj Bridge to Tit (on Brooke: That it is in a ruinous Condition: That it is narrow in divers Places for 30 or 40 Yards, and in one Place for 100 Yards together: That there are hollow Ways, which cannot he avoided, without going some Hundred Yards about: That the Road is frequently overflowed, and that People have been drowned in it; and that when he came out of the Country the Water was Five Feet deep; and that there is not any Bridge for Carriages:

That he apprehends a Toll of an Halfpenny aHorfe and Six Pence a Carriage will be fuftkient to repair the said Road, without interfering with the other Roads:

That he does not know this Road was ever indicted:

That he does not believe the Statute-work sufficient to repair the said Road; but does not know certainly.

Mr. Joseph Oldham, being examined, said, That the Soil of the said Road is loose: That the River is sometimes out for a Month together: That there is only a Horse Bridge; and that the Road is so narrow in some Places, that a Horse cannot pass by a Carriage.

Sir Edward Winnington Baronet, being examined, said. That the Road is very narrow, and bad; and that there is only a Horse Bridge; but he never saw the Water out:

That this is the common Road from Bewdley to Worcester:

That he does not know, that this Road was ever indicted; but believes it cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

And Sir Edward Winnington and Mr. Skye both said. That they think it will be proper to make Provision in the Bill, for repairing the several Roads from the Market House in Kidderminster, for applying the Tolls separately to the respective Roads on which they shall be collected.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from the Market House in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for amending and widening the Road leading from Bewdley Bridge to Tilton Brooke, in the said County;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tell.rsf«r.,*] 40.

Tellers fertile Noes.J j 50.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ditto. A Petition of the Bailiff, Aldermen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Kiddermin-fier, in the County of Worcester, was prefen ted to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners observe that it is ordered, That it bean Inftrn6fcion to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from the Market House in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for the better Vol. 28.

common high Road from' the said Breach Lane End, which joins the Broadwaters Road, through the Town of Kidderminster to Wribbenhall and Beivdley, and all other Towns thereabouts, is much nearer than the said Road, and will be attended with much less Expence in repairing and widening, than the said Road leading from Broadwaters Road aforesaid, through the said Breach Lane, by Wolverley, to Wribbenhall: Therefore praying.

That the Petitioners may be heard against that Part of the Bill which relates to the Road by Broadwaters, through the Breach Lane to Wolverley, and from thence to Wribbenhall aforesaid, passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee upon their Petition, if they Chink fit.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Owfton mons and waste Grounds in the Manor and Constablery Inclosure, of Oivflon, in the West Riding of the County of Yorjc, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An A6fc for dividing and inclosing the Commons and waste Grounds in the Manor and Constablery of Owflon; in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savitle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for investing several Lands and Chiflehurst Tenements in the Parish of Chijlehurst, in the County of Charity Kent, given to charitable Uses, for the Benefit of the Land* said Parish, in the Right honourable Robert Bertie,

Esquire, commonly called Lord Robert Bertie, and his Heirs, and for making Provision, of greater Value, instead thereof, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for vesting several Lands and Tenements in the Parish of Chiflehurst, in the County of Kent, given to charitable Uses, for the Benefit of the said Parish, in the Right honourable Robert Bertie, Esquire, commonly called Lord Robert Bertie, and his Heirs, and for making Provision, of greater Value, instead thereof, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Major General Cornwallis Ao carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of William Alexander, George Hooker, John widening Befivicke, William Blunt, Edmund Boeh m, William Clarke, London

Jonathan Barnard, John Pardoe, Zachariah Coningliam, Streets. William Caldwell, William Kirkman, Honorius Combauld,

Ebenezer Roebuck, John Heley, Nicholas Crisp, James Piercpont, Thom as Birch, Philip Hozv, Robert Streat field,

Reeffen and Van Wylick, Charles Ritchie, George Alcock,

Joseph Mioo, John Van Rixtel, John Grigneux, Thomas Litler, Na thanielLew if well, James Randalljuuior, Thom as Boehm, Frederick Commer ell, AbrahamChambei'SyEdward Barxvick, John Moore}), Nathaniel Paice, John Thomlin-foii, Joflah Colebrook, lVilliam Efcutt, George Hey ter, Harry Skey, William Jones, and Matthew Howard, Citizens of, and Inhabitants residing within, the City of London, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said City of London, was presented to the House, and

read;

Mildenhall

Drainage.

Stoke

Goldington,

ti*. Road.

812

read; setting Forth, That the Pavements of the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, are often damaged by the breaking up of such Pavements, to amend or new lay Water Pipes, belonging to the Proprietors of Water Works, or to lay Water therefrom, and by improper laying of Water Pipes, belonging to such Proprietors; and that sometimes such Pavements are relayed by Paviors employed by such Proprietors with bad Materials, or in an improper Manner; and an Expence therefrom is frequently occasioned to the Inhabitants of London; and taking Notice, that a Bill is depending for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for determining Disputes about re-building Houses, or the Party Walls thereof, Wherein several Persons have an intermixed Property, and for the better Regulating of Buildings: and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the said City and Liberties: And praying. That Provision may be made in such Bill, to compel the Proprietors of WaterWorks to make good any Damage which shall be done to the Pavements in London, and the Liberties thereof, by the Leaking or Bursting of any Water Pipes, which shall belong to such Proprietors of Water Works, or by the breaking up or opening any Pavements in London, or the Liberties thereof, to put down, alter, amend, or lay Water from, Water Pipes in London, or the Liberties thereof, which shall belong to Proprietors of any Water Works, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the Ijle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River, South, Plant Load and Brandon River, North, bounded on the West by the River OuJ'e, and on the East by Winter Load Earfwall Brooke, and the hard Lands of Mildenhall; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Royfion, Mr. Jenyns, Lord North, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gore, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Willes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Thoroton, Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Hewett, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. More, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bacon, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Martin, Sir James Creed, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Chester, Mr. Hayward, Lord Howe, Mr. Thurjhy, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hammond, Sir William Beauchamp Prottor, Mr. Fellowcs, Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. Bull, Mr. Waff on, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Campbell5 and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Suffolk, Norfolk, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

M r. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, of the 8th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the 9th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the 15th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways between the House, commonly called the Horse Shoe Hoitfe, in the Parilli of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton, and the Road from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnell, in the County of fiucks, to the Horse Shoe House, was re-committed, with

1760.

respect to the Amendment which was postponed, That the Committee had made another Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all have Yroices who come to the Com- Ma;<i(W, mittee, to whom the Bill for the amending, widening, kc.&ovl. and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine MileStone, at the upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidjlonr, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place, called Tubs Lake, in the Parish of Cranebrooke, in the said County, is committed.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Diito. Mayor,.! urats, and Commons, of the Town and Hundred of Tenterden, in the County of Kent, under their Common Seal, in Common Hall assembled, the 18th Day of January 1760, which was presented to the House on Wednesday the 27th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine MileStone, at the upper End of a Street, calledSto)je Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a Place, called Tubs Lake, in the Parish of Cranebrooke, in the said County, should be brought in, might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine MileStone, at the upper End otStone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place, called Tubs Lake, in the Parish of Cranebrooke, in the said County, is committed.

The House was also moved, That the Petition of several Owners of Lands and Tenements, and Persons inhabiting within the Parishes of Boughton, Moncheljea, and Chart Sutton, in the County of Kent, in behalf of themselves, and all other Owners of Lands and Tenements, and Inhabitants, within the said Parishes, which was presented to the House upon Thursday the 281 h Day of February] aft, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill should be read a Second time, might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same I

time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Number of Lottery Tickets that were lottery made forth in pursuance of an Act of the 30th Year of Tlckc:j> his present Majesty’s Reign, and were not disposed of.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cfllrt{r. to enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James, house Ei'utts. founded in Charter HouJ'e, to grant building or other Leases, of some Parts of the Estates of the said Hospital, lying in the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, and elsewhere, in the County of MiddleJ’cx, for such Terms of Years as are therein mentione d, was read a Second timn.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thofo-toil. Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Geo Onslow, Mr.

Martin, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Alderman Dickinson,

Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Henry Grenville, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Bacon, Sir Wm. Peeve Williams,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Watjbn, Mr. Kyiuijton, Mr. Buffer,

ii* Ma

Use of Broad W heels on Highways.

Removing Gunpowder Magazine from Greenwich to Purfleet.

British

Fishery.

Uggle-barnby, &c. lucloi'ure.

33 Geo. II.

Mr. Fellozves, Lord Geo. Manners, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Move, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. ToWnfhend, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Cooke; and all the Members who serve for the City of London; and for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the several Acts passed for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, as retrains all Waggons travelling for Hire, with Wheels of a less Breadth than Two inches and a Half, when worn, from being drawn with more than Three Horses.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. George Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.George Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for applying a Sum of Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards taking down and removing the Magazine for Gunpowder, near Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and ereftinga new Magazine for Gunpowder at Purfleet, near the River of Thames, in the County of Essex.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Beauchamp Prodlor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Beauchamp Prodlor reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed. That Mr. Simmons, Ac-comptant to the Society of the Free British Fishery, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, 0

An Account of Receipts and Disbursements by the Society of the Free British Fishery, from 31st December 1758 to 31st December 1759.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 12* die Martii;

Anno 330 Georgii lldl Regis, 1760. Prayers.

SIR George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and waste Grounds, in the Manors of Ugglc-barnbij and Efkdalefide, in the Parish of Whitby and County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Vol. 28.

8,3

to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Thomas Cockerill, whose Property in the said Manors, or One of them, appears to have been, in the Year 175*2, of the yearly Value of £. 14; and who, being applied to, said, he would have signed the Bill, but was afraid of his Sifter; and also except John Alla nfon, whose Property, at the said time, appears to have been of the yearly Value of £.20; and who, being applied to, said, he had promised not to sign, therefore would not be worse than his Word, but had no Objection to the Bill; and also except Joseph Dale, whose Properly, at the said time, appears to have been of the yearly Value, of jf.31; and who, being applied to, said, his Son was disordered in his Senses, and threatened to run away, if his Father signed the Bill; but had no Objection; and that the Property within the said Manors of the feverat Persons intitled to Right of Common upon the said* Moors, Commons, and waste Grounds, intended to be inclosed, was, in the said Year 1752, of the yearly Value of £.797. 7s. 6d.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were, once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Mountagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Lewis Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Lloyd, pursuant to the Will of Richard Lloyd, Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to qualify and enable Samuel Hallet Esquire, now called Samuel Farewell, and his Heirs, to use and take in Exchange for his and their own Surname, the Surname of Farewell, pursuant to the Will of Nathaniel Farewell Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the moil noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal from or near Worjley Mill, over the River Irwell, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to or near Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance of certain Estates in the County of Northampton, Part of the entailed Estate of John Freeman Esquire, in him, in Fee-firople; and for settling other Estates, in the Counties of Wilts and Middlesex, in lieu thereof: To which the Lords ddire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of British Sugar imported into, and exported from, Scotland, from 5th January 1757 to 5th January 1760; distinguishingeach Year; likewise the Places from whence imported; and what Quantity of raw and what Quantity of refined were exported during those Three Years.

And then he withdrew.

9X

11° — -12* Martii.

Marin*

Forces.

Lewis's

Name.

Hallet's

Name.

Salford

Canal.

Freeman's

Estates,

Account of Sugar imported, &c.

And

814

12

Martii.

A. 1760.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

fcoughton Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, Barrs, &c. to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town

Road. of Birmingham, and other Places, in the County of War-

wick, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Road from Castle Bromzoich to the Town of Birmingham is in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places very narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Bam at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton on Arden, in the County of Warzvick, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from Castle Bromzoich to Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

Hinckley, Sir Thomas Palmer reported from the Committee, to &c. Roads. whorn the Bill for repairing and widening the high Roads from Hinckley to Woefull Bridge, and also from HooAJh Lane through Old Lane, and from Swannington to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from Ibjlock to Measham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, was re-committed, That the Committee had made fomeother Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ber&3venny The House was moved, That the Petition of the Prin-School. cipal, Fellows, and Scholars, of Jesus College, in the Uni-

vcrfity of Oxford, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Bergavenny, in the County of Monmouth, which was presented to the House upon Saturday the 26th Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

And a Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been acquainted with the Contents of the said Petition, had commanded him to . acquaint the House, That his Majesty gives his Consent to the bringing in such a Bill as is desired by the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a: Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, and Mr. Jarrit Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ufc of Broad Air.GeorgeOnjlozv, according to Order,reported from

Wheels on the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Highways. rept;v|iu<r so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of his late MajestyReign, intituled, An Act 18

for making more effectual the several Acts passed for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, as restrains all Waggons travelling for Hire, with Wheels of a less Breadth than Two Inches and an Half when worn, from being drawn with more than Three Horses, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir James Creed do make the Report Remo* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Gl,0P0H', Jcr Bill for applying a Sum of Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards taking down and removing wichro the Magazine for Gunpowder, near Greenzvich, in the Purse County of Kent, and erecting a new Magazine for Gunpowder at Purfieet, near the River of Thames, in the County of Essex, was committed.

Sir James Creed accordingly reported from the said Committee,the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Scotch resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to MiiitiaLan consider of the Laws in being which relate to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday the Foumiliaj 17th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee Hospiu), of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Moa House, to consider further of Ways and Meaus for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolve itself into a Committee of the Scotch whole House, to consider of the Laws in being which re- Militia late to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Oswald took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Oswald, accordingly reported from the said Committee the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Tb^t the Laws now in being for regulating the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, are ineffectual.

The

33 Geo. II. 12 — 13 'Marti. 813

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Mr. Gilbert Elliot, Mr. OJivald, the Lord Strange, Mr. Grenville* Colonel Toionfhend, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Walter Scott, Mr. Veitch, Sir James Carnegie, SirJWm Gor d(\ny Mr. Mackie, Major General CVztf?/?fo//, Mr. Afr/r-rflft/, Mr. Daniel Campbell, the Earl of Panmure, Mr. vidScott, Lieu tenant General Campbell, Si r//z/g/i Dairy ?n-ple, M r. Z>/.iw?, M r. 71/z*;r, M r.PryJcCampbell, L\eutenant General 67. Clair, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Fletcher, Mr.

Hamilton, Lieutenant General Stuart, Mr. Lejlie, Sir Ludovick Grant, and Colonel do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the TIoufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 130 Martii;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1760.

Pray ers.

Freeman's A N ingroifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates, j[\. for veiling the Inheritance of certain Estates, in the County of Northampton, Part of the entailed Estate of John FreemanYA’quire, in him, in Fee-simple; and for settling other Estates in the Counties of Wilts and Middlesex, in lieu thereof; was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Fencoosfield, SivFrancisDqfJiicoodreported from the Committee, to &c. Road. whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Beacons field, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxon, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . ingroifed.

Accounts of RVine imported, &c.

ft?

Aeanburn bridge,&c. i'^oad.

1>

The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Wine imported into England annually, from Christmas 1745 to Christmas 1758, and from thence to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing the Quantity imported from France: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Wine re-exported from England annually, from Christmas 1745 to Christmas 1758, and from thence to Michaelmas 17.59; distinguishing those that were originally imported from France.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Register of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order,a Bill for repairing and widening the

VOL. 28.

ftefad from Deanburn Bridge, through Soutra Hill, by Channel Kirk, Greenlaw, and Anlonfhill, to the River Txceed, at Coldstream; and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from Coldstream to the opposite Shore:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

liefolved. That the Bill be read a Second time;

A Petition of Thomas Evans Esquire, was presented to Mildenhall the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is de- Drainage, pending for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the Ijle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River, South, Plant Load, and Brandon River, North, bounded on the West by the River Ouse, and on the East by Winin' Load,

Earfwell Brooke, and the hard Lands of Mildenhall; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands; and alleging, that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, in the Form it now Hands, it would be very injurious to the Petitioner:

And therefore praying, That he may be beard by himself, or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as may affect him; and that such Provision may be made for his Security as to the House shall appear reasonable and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by liirn-self, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon liisf said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the feme time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingroifed Bill for inclosing divers Parcels of waste London Grounds, or Commons, in Longton, in the County of Iauoturc. Lancaster, and for enjoying Part thereof as a stinted Pasture, until the Inclosure of the fame, was read the Third time.

Befolved\ That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An A6i for inclosing divers Parcels of waste Grounds, or Commons, in Longton, in the County of iAincafttr, and for enjoying Part thereof as a stinted Pasture, until the Inclosure of the fame.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the LordSj and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for adding certain Annuities, granted in the S.ipply Bill; Year 1759, to the joint Stock of Three per Centum An- Consolidanng nuities, consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, 29th, nnuities* and 3*d Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking Fund; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Edmund I/ham reported from the Committee, to Dunchurch, whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers con- &c* Road* tained in Two several Acts of Parliament, made in the 12th and 16th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Dun C010, in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town of Hillmorcton, in the County of Warwick-, and from thence toSt.James'sEnd, in the Parish of Dufton, in the County of Northampton; and for making the same Acts more effectual; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and t hat the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amend -

Se* grave Inclosure.

Northfleet, &c. Roads.

Mellon

Mowbray

luclosure.

P*ak, &v. Courts Raron.

Si 6

13° Mar tit.

A. 1760.

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Seagrave, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Seagrave, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for rendering more effectual several Acts passed in the 1 oth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the nth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the nth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road from Dartford, to Northfleet and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to Chalk, and from Northfleet to Chalk, and from thence to the Stone's End, near the Parish Church of Strood, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit* worthy Mr. Montagiiy Mr. Ofivaldy Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Dashwoody Mr. Harris, Mr. Lyfiery Mr Fuller, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fellowes, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Freeman, Sir Ellis Cunlijfe, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Lloydy Mr. Moore, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hewe tty Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Boltoiiy Mr. Campbell, Mr. Briftowe, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vyner junior, Mr. Sandys. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mv.P Umpire, Sir Geo.Savile, Mr. Foley, Mr. York, Mr. Butler, Sir Wm. Peere Williams, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Jones, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Chelwynd, Sir Edmund Isham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Su/Jex, Surrey, and Middlesex: and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Finch, Lord North, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hume, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Smith, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Montague, Mr. Whitivorth, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. West, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Geo. Onjloiv, Mr. P Umpire, Mr. Chester, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Free-man, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Crefwetl, Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Thorolon, Sir James Creed, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Wilkin fan, Mr. Buller, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fletcher, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Jones, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Harry Powlctt, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Oswald, AI r. Comew all, M r. Lloyd, Sir Geo. Yonge, Mr. Walter, Sir Ellis Cunlijfe, Mr. Onglcy; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Warwick, Nottingham, Derby, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Air. Wilki)son presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating the Proceedings in nerfonal Actions, in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Castleton, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hezvelt reported from the Committee, to whom HawkWii the Bill for the dividing and inclosing the open Fields* ^nclolu:c* Meadow, and common Pasture Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Ilazvksworth, in the County of Nottingham, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeut to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except John Kelt labor ough, whose Property in the said Manor and Parish is about Six Pounds per Annum, and who being applied to, said, he was an old Man, and therefore refused tolignthe Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed. That Mr. Praed, Vestry Account^ Clerk of the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, attended at the Door} Ch'ldrn'

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Children which have been received into the Workhouse of the Parish of Stm Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and discharged therefrom; and also such as have died in the said Workhouse, at the Age of One Year, or under, from ill January 1749, to the 31st December 1755,both Days inclusive; and also of Children, which have been sent to the Foundling Hospital, from the ill January 1757, to 31st December 1759.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read;

The Bill to prevent the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors, by laying an additional Duty thereupon; and §plrjUi to encourage the Exportation of Brili/h-m&dQ Spirits; was read a Second time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Alorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act, to continue, for a further Time, the Prohibition of the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Alalt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Commit-? tee. That they have Power to receive aCIause or Clauses for abridging and shortening the Continuance of the Prohibition of making low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Alalt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Aleal, Flour, or Bran.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

33 Geo. IL tf~ 2id Martii. 817

Lun&i 1 /0 dfo Martii; to the Distillers thereof, will prove greatly detrimental

to the commercial Interest of this Nation; and that the

Anno 33* Georgii IIdi Regis, .1760.

Prayers.

?? 0RDE RED, That the Thanks of this House be given *an c to the Reverend Do&orZftz//, for the Sermon by him

preached upon 1Friday last, before this House at St. Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr Rose Fuller, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bacovi and Mr. Wilkes, do acquaint him therewith.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Members . Ordered, That the Bill to enforce and render more Qualifier- effectual the Laws relating to the Qualification of Mem-tluU* bers to fit in the House of Commons, be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Removing Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day seven-

Gunpowder night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole froaf Green- House, to consider further of the Bill for applying a Sum wich to of Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards

Purfleet. taking down and removing the Magazine for Gun* powder near Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and erecting a new Magazine for Gunpowder at Purfleet, near the River of Thames, in the County of Essex.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-and Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Consolidatin* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Annuities. House, upon the Bill, for adding certain Annuities, granted in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine, to the Joint Stock of Three per Centum An<-nuities consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, and Thirty-second Years of his present Majesty’s Reign \ and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking Fund.

Supply Bill: The House was moved, That the Order made upon

Duties on Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com-Spirits. mittee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill to prevent theexcefliveUfe of Spirituous Liquors, by laying an additional Duty thereupon; and to encourage the Exportation oiBritish made Spirits; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ditto. The House being informed, That the Sheriffs of the \ City of London attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to

the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Bee/ford have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock:

And he moved the House, That the said Petition be now read.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, with great Pleasure, observed the happy Consequences produced upon the Morals, Behaviour, Industry, and Health, of the lower Class of People, fi nee the Prohibition of the Malt Distillery; and alleging. That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is brought in to allow the distilling of Spirits from Corn; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Encouragement given

Vol. 28.

Petitioners conceive the Advantages proposed to be allowed upon the Exportation of such Spirits, being lb much above the Value of the Commodity, will lav such a Temptation for Smuggling and Perjury, as no Law can prevent; and expressing the Fears of the Petitioners, that should such a Bill pass into a Law, the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors will not only debilitate and enervate the Labourers, Manufacturers, Sailors, Soldiers, and all the lower Class of People, and thereby extinguish Industry, and that remarkable Intrepidity and Courage which has lately so eminently appeared in our Fleets and Armies, but also inflame those intoxicated with its malignant Efficacy, to perpetrate the moll heinous Crimes, Whereby the Opulence and Power of the Nation, which mud always depend on the Vigotir and Industry of its People, and its Liberty and Happiness, which cannot be supported without Temperance and Morality, will be, as the Petitioners apprehend, in the utmost Danger of being destroyed; and that the Petitioners are also further apprehensive, that the extraordinary Consumption of Bread Corn, by the Still, will not only so raise the Price, as to oppress the lowerClafs of People, but will be fuel) a Bar to the Exportation thereof, as to deprive this Nation of a great Influx of Money, at this Time so essential for carrying on the present just and necessary War, and thereby highly injure the landed and commercial Interest: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and that the present Prohibition of distilling Spirits from Corn may be continued, or that Wheat may not be permitted to be used inDistillation,or that the Petitioners ttiay have such other Relief, as to the House shall feeni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not* Committees, withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2i° die Martii;

Anno 33* Georgii IP Regis, 1760

P a A y fe ft s.

THE House being informed, That the Vestry Clerks Account of of the several Parishes of St. Paul's Covent Garden, Parish

St. George's Hanover Square, St. George in Middlesex, Childm. St. James's Westminster, St. John of Wapping, St.

Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, St. Mary RofJierhithe, St.

Thomas Southwark, St. Marlin Vintry, St. Catherine Creechurch, St. Bartholomew the Less, St. Martin Ludgate, St. John at Hackney, St. Alary Le Bow, and St.

Botolph's without Aldersgate, attended at the Door;

They were severally called in; and, at the Bar, severally presented to the IToufe,

Accounts, pursuant to the Orders of the House of the 4th Day of this Instant March, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parillies within the Bills of Mortality, to lay before this House the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And they severally withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were severally read.

And the said Accounts were severally ordered to lie 1 upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees

Ordered, That Mr. Hunt, Sir John Hhide Cotton, Sir Mildenh*!!’ Thomas Stapleton, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Whitting- Drainage. ton, Mr. Drake, Mr. Northey, Mr. Wilkes, Sir Wm.

Maynard, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Cdlthorpe, Mr. Powell,

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. B rift owe, Sir Cecil

9 Y Bishop,

8i8

2i° Martii. 1760.

Bishop, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Seluyn, Sir Robert Bur deft, Mr. Foley, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Lovd Geo. Manners, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Hie of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River, South, Plant Load, and Brandon River, North, bounded, on the West by the River Ouse, and on the East by Winter Load, Ear/-well Brooke, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invcfted Lands; is committed.

Bergavenny Mr. Jarrit Smith presented to the FToufe, according School. to Orrjerj a Bj]| for veiling the Inheritance of the Rectory and Tythes of JBedgeworlh, granted by King Henry the 8th, to the late dissolved Corporation of Bergavenny, and by them leased to Jesus College, in Oxford, towards maintaining a Fellow and Scholars from Bergavenny School, and for veiling other Rectories and Tythes in the County of Monmouth, granted by the said King Henry, to the said Corporation, in Trustees, for sup^ porting the said School, and for Relief of the Poor of the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejbtved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed. That Mr. Julliott, from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; lottery

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the T,cke^ House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Lottery Tickets that were made forth in pursuance of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and were not disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perufod by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Mr. Sandys reported from , the Committee, to whom Earl of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Sandwich, enable John Earl of Sandwich, Welbore Ellis Esquire, &c: and Robert Nugent Esquire, to take, in Great Britain,catlon’ the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Pay mailer General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify them (elves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mildenhall A Petition of Alice Knigh(/bridge, Widow, was pre-Drainage. fente(j to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioner has perused a Bill depending in the House, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River, South, Plant Load and Brandon River. North, bounded on the West by the River Ouse, and on the East by Winter Load, Eurf well Brooke, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands; and that the Petitioner is I possessed of a Decoy for wild Fowl, within the Limits described in the said Bill, the Profits whereof make a very considerable Part of the Petitioner’s Estate; and that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the said Decoy must be either destroyed, or rendered of very little Value: And therefore praying, That the Petitioner may be heard by herself or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as may affect; her Property, or that such Provision may be made for the Security, thereof, as to ihe House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard by her Counsel, before the said Committee, upon her said Petition, if (he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Removing The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Gunpowder Monday last, for the House to resolve itself, upon Monday from^reen- Morning next, into a Committee of the whole House, to wich to consider further of the Bill for applying a Sum of Money

Purfleet. granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards taking

down and removing the Magazine for Gunpowder, near Greemvich, in the County of Kent, and erecting a new Magazine for Gunpowder at Purfleet, near the River of Thames, in the County of Fffex, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That t he* laid Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Mr. Thoroton reported from the Committee, to whom Charter, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to House enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James, Eftalcs’ founded in Charter House, to grant building or other Leases of some Parts of the Estates of the said Hospital, lying in the Parish of Saint James, Clerkemvetl, and elsewhere, in the County of Middlesex, for such Terms of Years as are therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Veitck reported from the Committee, to whom the Nyth Wj» ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for re- Salmon pealing an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-one, intituled, " Act anent the Salmond Fiffiing in the Water cC of Nyt/i," was committed, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Earl of enable John Earl of Sandzvich, Welbore Ellis Esquire, ^andwKfa, and Robert Nugent Esquire, to take,in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices; was read the Third time.

RcfulvedfThaXthe Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Iron Chapes for Exportatca Buckles, residing in the severalTowns of Wolverhampton, Bjd,f Walsall, and Bilston, in the County of Stafford, and of Cha?c‘' Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That severalThouiandsof the Inhabitants of the said Towns and Neighbourhood, depend intirely, for Support of themselves and Families, on the Manufacturing of Iron Chapes for Buckles; and taking Notice, That Petitions have been presented,

praying

xportalion of Buckle Chapes*

!harter-

louse

ftRiet.

Jawksworth

Inclosure.

Scotch

Militia

Laws.

33 Geo. II. . 210 Martii 819

praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for prohibiting the Exportation of such Iron Chapes; and alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, if such a Bill should pass into a Law, the whole Body of Iron Chape Manufacturers, would be rendered entirely dependent on the Buckle-nmkers, and be reduced to the melancholy Alternative of seeking t heir Support in some other Way of Business at Home, or transporting themselves and Families into foreign Countries; and that the Profits arising to the Petitioners from the manufacturing and vending of Chapes are so very small, that it is with great Difficulty the Petitioners, with the utmost Exertion of their. Industry, can, though at present under no Restrictions, from exporting or vending their Manufactures into foreign Parts, procure the bare Necessaries of Life for themselves and Families; and that the Profits arising from the Manufacturing of Buckles, greatly exceed those of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the Consideration of the Premises by the House: And that the Petitioners may have such other Relief therein, as to the House shall feemmeet.

A Petition of the Merchants, Factors, and Traders, of the Cities of London and Westminster, was also presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, several Disadvantages, which, the Petitioners allege, have arisen to the Trade of Buckle-making, from the Exportation of Iron Chapes; and alleging. That the Chape Makers, taking Advantage of the great foreign Demand for Chapes, and well knowing that they are not able to get up asufficient Quantity toanswer the home as well as the foreign Demand, have advanced their Prices to such a Degree, that the Buckle Makers cannot afford tocome up to, by which Means a great Number of Hands employed in the making of Buckle Rings, stand dill for want of Chapes, to complete the Buckles, and will, if some Relief be not found out,be obliged to desert the Business, whereby the foreign Buckle Trade muff, as the Petitioners apprehend, be greatly lessened in this Country, if not totally loft: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Pctition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warzoick; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford; are referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions;, and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James, founded in Charter House, to grant building or other Leases, of some Parts of the Estates of the said Hospital, lying in the Parilli of Saitit James, Clerkenwell, and elsewhere, in the County of Middlesex, for such Terms of Years as are therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thoroton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment,

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fields, Meadow, and common Failure Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Pariili of Hawffzoorth, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields, Meadow, and common Pasture Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Hawkjworth, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Tozonjhcnd and Mr. Haldane ho added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. Vol. 28.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the High Roads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and also from Iloo Ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from Svjannington to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Mel-bourn Common, and from Ilf ode to Measham,. in the Counties o fLeicester and Derby, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to-be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 18. After " Hinckleyto insert, " on " Tuff day Three Weeks, after the Day of the passing " of this Act."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the High Roads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and also from Hoo Ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swannington to Lee Gutter; and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from Ibfiock to Measham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers-granted by an Act, made in the 2 5th Year of the Reigir of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound, in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, and by One other Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said former Act, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound, in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, and by One other Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said former Act.

Ordered, That the Lord Cary fort do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Holford and Mr, Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the settled Eft ate of Smart Lethieullicr Esquire, in the County of Essex, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Reni Cornabl and John DanielLucadou; To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Earl of Hopetoun, Curator of Law to George Vanden Bempde, Marquis of Annandale, his Uncle, a Lunatic, and the Curator of Law of the said Marquis, for the Time being, to grant Feus'of certain Lands, Houses, and others, in the County of Dumfries; and to exchange the Lands therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Commons, or Wastes, and common Meadow Grounds, within the Manor and Soke of Cation, in the County of York: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the real Estate of James Thomas Esquire, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement between his Heir at

Law

Hir.ck! *v, &c. Roaus-

Market Harborough, &c. Road,

Lethieullier’i

EO.atff.

Cornabc*s

&c.

Nat.

Marquis of Annandale’s Elt are.

Carton

Inclosure.

Thofna^i

Estate,

820

21

Mar'tii.

A. 1760.

Hunwicke 1 nclosure.

Wve River.

Law anrl Devi foe for that Purpose: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

TheLords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Moor or Common, called Hunwicke Edge, in the Manor of Bond gate, and County of Uz/r/wwz,\vith feme Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Meflfengers witlidrew.

A Motion being made, that the ingrossed Bill for extending and continuing thq Navigation of the River Wei/, otherwise Wye, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Godalming, in the said County, be now read the Third time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

In the Lift of Commissioners, to insert, " John Evelyn u Esquire, William Alabbot Esquire:"

Pr. 22. L. 10. After, " Pounds," to insert, " Personal Estate alone, or real and

Pr. 24. L. 33. To leave out, " Nine," and insert. Three."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending and continuing the Navigation^ the River Wey, otherwise Wye, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Godalming, in the said County.

Then the Blanks left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, were filled up by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That the Lord Middleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and waste Grounds, in the Manors of Ugglebarnby and EJkdaleJide, in the Parish of Whitby, and County of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and waste Grounds, in the Manors of Ugglebarnby and EJkdaleJide, in the Parish of Whitby, and County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Davidstow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wadebridge, in the said County, and from the West End of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Hale-worthy, in the Parish of Davidstow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wadebridge, in the said County, and from the West End of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

worth Sir Robert Burdett reported from the Committee, to Ac. Road*. whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads from the Borough of Tam-worth to Ashby dela Zoitch, in the County of Leicester. and from Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid, to Sawley Ferry, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-itatoj which they had directed him to report to the zz

Ugglebarnby, Ac. I nclosure.

Haleworthey ihrough Came, ford Roads.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-^oftimitled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Dunchurrb contained in Two several Acts of Parliament, made in &c.Roi’ the 12th and 16'th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Dun Cow, in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town of Hillmoreton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to St James’s End, in the Parish of Duston, in the County of Northampton; and for making the same Acts more effectual; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 15. L. 3. After, " any," to insert, " Horse, Mare,

" Gelding."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers contained in Two several Acts of Parliament, made in the 12th and 16th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Dun Cow, in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town of Hillmoreton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James’s End, in the Parish of Duston, in the County of Northampton; and for making the same Acts more effectual.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund I/ham, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, of the 8th Year Golden of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the 9th Year of his late &c, Rwdi Majesty King George the First, and the 15th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways between the House, commonly called the Horsejhoc House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton; and the Road from the North

Bridge

of Newport Pagnel, in the county of , Bucks, to the Horseshoe House; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, of the 8th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the 9th Year of his late Majesty KiriGeorge the First, and the 15th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways between the House, commonly called the Horje/hoe House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton; and the Road from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, to the Horse (hoe House.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration, the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Moor or Cominon, called Hunwicke Edge, in the Manor of Bondgate, and County of Durham.

And the said Amendments were read, and areas followeth; viz.

Pr. 24. L. 9. After, " mentioned," insert, for necessary or convenient Buildings and Reparations, and " for erecting of Walls and Fences in and upon the " fame."

P. 32. L. 36. Leave out from c< whatsoever," to " and, '’ in the 14th Line of the next Prels.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Staunton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by thir Lordships.

A Bill

Hun^kb

Indolur.

33 Geo. II. 21®

Daanbum A Rill for repairing and widen the Road from Dean-BriRMcLfC ^urn Br*dg€> through Soutra Hill, by Channelkirk, Greenlaw, and Antonjhill, to the River Tweed, at Coldfiream; and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from Cold-stream, to the opposite Shore; was read a Second time.

Reftolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Alderman DickinjoiJ, Mr. Lyster, Mr. P///, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Kynaston, Sir James Creed, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Cr after, Mr. Atari in, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Heioett, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Harvey, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Felloioes, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fuller, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Gore, M r. Saydys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Chester, Sir ^o/m Gordon, Mr. Yorke, Sir Bvjhout, Sir Richard Glynn; and all the Members who serve for North Britain, and for the Counties of Durham and NorthumbcrUmd: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

fcitto. A Petition of James Earl of Lauderdale, and the

humble Petition of the Royal Burgh of Lauder, and of / other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, *\vas presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners are informed, that Application is made to the House for a Bill for repairing the High Road from Deanburn Bridge, over Soutrahill, by Channelkirk, Greenlaxv, and Antonjhill, to the Side of the Tweed, Opposite to Coldstream; and that the Road from Kelso and Jedburgh, by Laudei', leads into the aforesaid Road, and is often deep and inconvenient, and sometimes dangerous for Passengers, on Account of the Water of Leider, and that the same cannot be repaired by the ordinary Gourse of Law; and that ifProvision weremadfe in the said Bill, for repairing the said Road, and rendering the Passage of the said Water safe and commodious, it would be a great Benefit to the Petitioners, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, that such Provision may be made accordingly, in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House 5

And it is referred to the Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Coventry, Mr. FeIbices, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Staunton, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Craftier, Mr. Martin, Mr. Chester, Mr. Pitt, Sir Charles Mordaant, Mr. Fuller, Sir Wm. Peers Williams, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ileweti; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham and Northumberland; and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

frit*

A Petition offeveral Gentlemen of the County Palatine of Durham, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging. That ifProvision was made in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from the said Bridge to the West End of the Village of Cornhill, it would be a great Convenience to the Petitioners, and to the Public iu general: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing the said Road accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom 111? Jaft pre*

- . ceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

btw« Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of hi* present Majesty, intituled,

c* An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more-effectual, an Act made in the 2 ad Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a Free Market for the Sale of Fish, in the City of Westminster, and for preventing Vol. 28.

Marriu 821

the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish, and for allowing the Sale of Fish, under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; and also for better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish; and to prevent Abuses of the Salesmen of Fiftt, for Fishermen; which, upon Tueftday the 1 ith Day of this Inftnnt March, was committed to a Committee of the whole House, be transmitted to a Select Committee:

And a Committee was appointed accordingly of Mr. Alderman Dkkinfton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Chester, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kyiiafton,

Mr. Cartxvright, Mr. Hume, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Thoroton,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bacon, General Cornwallis, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Vyner, Mr, More, Mr. Coventry, Mr. itor-row, Mr. Watfton, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Robert Ladbrokej Mr* Stanley, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Nugent, Lord Middleton, Mr. Burrell, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Hetvelt,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Staunton, Sir Geo. Dalftone,

Mr. OLnius, Sir Richard Glynne, Mr. Grenville, Mr.

Webb-, and all the Members who serve for the County of Middleftex, the City of London, and the Counties of Surrey; Essex, Kent ft and Sujftcx; and for the Cinque Ports;. And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House being informed, That the Churchwarden Account of the Parish of St. Augustin attended at the Door; of Parish

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Children, House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Children received, discharged, and died, of the Parish of St. Augustin, [jondon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

OrderedftPhnt the said Account do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the Houle4

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Merchants, Manufacturers, Supply Bill j and Traders, residing in and near the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to pl,lts* the House and read; aIleging, Thatthe Petitioners have; with the utmost Satisfaction observed, that the calamitous Effects which the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors, before the late Prohibition of distilling low Wines and Spirits from Grain, Meal, or Flour, had produced amongst the inferior Rank of People* have been, by Means of the said Prohibition, almost totally eradicated* and that the People addicted to this Vice, have been restored from a State of Debility, Drunkenness, Vice, and Immorality, the fatal Eftects of the Use of Spirituous Liquors, to thatof Health, Vigour, Industry, Regularity, and good Morals, from being ufeJefs, and in effect bur-theiilome to the Public, to a State of Utility and Benefit to Society, from which happy Effects the Petitioners, and the Public in general, have reaped infinite Advantages, by having their Work and Labour duly performed; and that the Petitioners having observed by the Kefolutions of this House, that the said Prohibition is intended to be discontinued; and that certain additional Duties are intended to be imposed upon low Wines, and Spirits, made from Grain, Meal, or Flour, which, together with the present existing Duties, are to be drawn back, as well upon the Exportation of raw, as rectified.

Spirits, drawn from the said Materials; and also the same Bounty paid to the Exporters of such Spirits, as hath hitherto been payable; the Petitioners therefore beg Leave to lay before the House, their Fears and Apprehensions, that notwithstanding such proposed additional Duties, the lower and inferior Ranks of People will still be able to purchase, and consequently will return to the unbounded Use of such Spirituous Liquors, to which the Petitioners apprehend the great intended Drawbacks and Bounty will be no small 9 2 Encourage-

Militia.

Supply.

Ways and Meant.

Supply Bill; Contoiidating Annuities.

Supply Bill; Duty ob Spirits.

822 210 — 2 20 Martii.

Encouragement, by being productive of the clandestine running in and relanding such Liquors, and thereby enabling the Retailers thereof to vend the same at as low, if not lower, Prices, than they could before the said Prohibition took Place, by which Means the late dreadful and calamitous Evils will inevitably return upon this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Prohibition ofdistilling low Wines and Spirits, from Wheat, Barley, Malt, of any other Sort of Grain, and from Meal, Flour, and Bran, may be further continued, or that such a Duty may be laid on all such Spirits, as may effectually prohibit the Use thereof by the lower Ranks of People.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

The Lord Barrington prefeuted to the House* pursuant to their Order;

A Book, intituled, 4C Establiflimenls of the several M Regiments and Corps of Militia in Great Britain, <c now embodied, with the Pay they receive."

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session*

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hotife to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for adding certain Annuities, granted in the Year 1759, to the Joint Stock of Three per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts, of the 25th, 28th, 29th, and 3ad Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking Fund;

Resolved, That this House wiIl,upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

1760.

Clauses to prevent the compounding or rectifying of any Spirits by the Distillers, or Makers of Spirits, from Corn or Graiu.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to prevent the Use of unmalted Corn, in the making of Malt Spirits; or of Sugar, in the making of Melasses Spirits

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yea{mII }

Tellers for the Noes, { } 100.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for allowing the like Drawback, upon the Exportation of Spirits, Drawn in Great Britain from Melasses, as is now allowed upon the Exportation of Spirits, drawn in Great Britain from Corn,

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to allow a Drawback upon the Exportation of Rum, or other Spirits, of the Growth of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies imported into this Kingdom.

The Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

The House divided.

TheNoes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,£ } 92*

Tellers for the Noes|

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. *,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chairi

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuraed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2 2° Martii;

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors, by laying an additional Duty; thereupon and to encourage the Exportation of British made Spirits;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to ascertain the Size and Contents of the Stills, which shall constitute a common Distiller wit Yin the Meaning of the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to impower the Offices of Excise to seize such Ships, Vessels, Boats, Wherries, Pinnaces, Barges, and Galleys, as may by the Laws in being be seized by the Officers of the Customs.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for ascertaining the Quantity of Spirits to be shipped for Stores, and confirmed on board Ships bound to Parts beyond the Seas; and for better regulating the Payment of the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, on such Spirits so shipped.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or

Anno 33* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the real iLHateoi James Thomas JiAqmxe, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement between his Heir at Law and Devisee for that Purpose, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers E of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of his present Ma- ' jesty’s Reign, intituled, an Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Beacons-field, in the County of Bucks, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Fifth Year of his fate Majesty, and in

the

Lc:hicuilier*s

iiitate.

CornaW’s, &c. Nat.

Maiaftone, Ac. Road.

Freeman's

Estates.

l

1

I*

33 Cjeo.1I.

the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Beaconsfteld, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxon.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate of Smart LcthicuUier Esquire, in the County of Essex, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, to he settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Rent! Comabi and John Daniel Lucadou, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hanger reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Milestone, at the upper End of Slone Street, in the Town o {Maid-fane, in the County of Kent, to a certain Llace, called Tubs Lake, in the Parish of Cranebvooke, in the said County; was committed; and to whom the Petition of Sir John Fitmer Baronet, and the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed and set, being Inhabitants of the Parishes of BetherJUen, Smarden, Headcorn, East Sutton, Sutton Vallance, and several other Parishes, lying near or contiguous to a High Boad, called Sutton Road, leading from thence to the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent-, and also the Petition of the Mayor, jurats, and Commons, of the Town and Hundred of Tenterden, in the County of Kent, under their Common Seal, in Common Hall assembled, the 18th Day of January 1760; and also the Petition of several Owners of Lands and Tenements, and Persons inhabiting within the Parishes of Boughton, Monchelsea, and Chart. Sutton, in the County of Kent, in Behalf of themselves and all other Owners of Lands and Tenements, and Inhabitants, within the said Parishes; were severally referred; That the Committee hadconlidered the First and Third of the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance of certain Estates in the County of Northampton, Part of the entailed Estate of John Freeman Esquire, in him, in Fee-simple, and for settling other Estates, in the Counties of Wilts and Middlesex, in Lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkes, Mr. llewett, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Viliiers, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Robert Burdelt, Mr. Bacon, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Gordon, Mr. More, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fellowes, Sir CharlesMordaunt, M r. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Fane, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Willes, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bertie, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Pole, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Hanger, Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Mr. Scott, Mr. Gybbon, M r. Montague, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Pitt, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Luttrell, Sir . Geo. Savite, Mr. Waller, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Godolphin, Lord Howe, Sir William Maynard; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Middlesex, Witts, Oxford, Berks, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Yol. a8.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing t}ie open and com- BroughtoR mon Fields of Broughton Sidney, in the County of Not* SulW tingham, was read a Second time. inclosure.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr: Hewetti Mr. Fellowes, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Binrcll, Sir Thomas Palmer; Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr, More, Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Thoroton, Mr*

Vyner, Mr. Butler, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Plump Ire, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Buller, Lord Villiers, Mr. Boulton,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Foley, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Montague,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Geo. Oifloiv, Mr. Hume,

Mr. Callhorpe, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Hanger,

Lord Howe, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr.

Townshend, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Fuller, Sir Henry ErJJcine, Mr. Fane, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Jennings, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Smith,

Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Cartwright; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Lincoln, and York:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fieids of Costock Cofock, otherwise Cortlingstock, in the County of Not- Inclosure* tingham, and all the Lands and Grounds within the said open Fields, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Hexvettp Mr. More, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cal-thorpe, Mr Butler, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hanger, Mr. G.eo.

Onjloto, Mr. Fonereau, Mr Lowndes, Mr. Boulton, Mr.

Cholmley, Mr. PUmpire; Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr.' Sandys, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hume, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Butler, General Cornwallis,

Mr. Moore, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Luttrell

Mr. Burrell, Lord Viliiers, Mr. Fellowes, Mr* Cart-zeright, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Pitt, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Montagu; Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Robert Burdett,

Lord Howe, Lord John Cavendish; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afterrioan at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to amend an Act, puffed iri the'Seventh Yeafr Weaver of the Reign of his late Majesty, for making the Rivet NaviganoriJ Weaver navigable, from Frodsham Bridge to Win ford Bridge, in the County of Chester; and for the more effectual preserving and improving the *NaVfgati6n of the said River; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chot-mondeley, Mr. Butler, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Hewett, Lord Villiers, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole;

Mr. Thoroton, Lord Carysfort, Mr. F"oley, Lord North,

Mr. Pyc, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr.

John Pitt, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Barrow, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Bolton, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Luttrell, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Gee. Onslow, Mr. Montagu, Lord Strange, Mr. Staunton, Sir Robert Burdett,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Lewis, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Waller, Sir Wm. Maynard; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, Salop, and Stafford; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber. ’

The Lord George Cavendish, reported from the Com* Chesterfield, mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the R6ads* Road, from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield, to Matlock Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road, on the High Moors to Rowejly Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road, overDarley Bridge, to Cross Green, in the County of Derby, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the

Fdlksworth

Judofure.

Bfiftol Bridge, kc.

2,1* Martii. A. 17

fame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-itnto; which they haddirected him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee, to whom the Bril for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, common Meadows, and PaftureGrounds, within the Parish of Folljworth, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, find then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Citizens of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Rurgeffes, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and Ire read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

L To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Abraham Elton Esquire, being examined, said. That the Bridge at Bristol, over the River Avon, leads from the County of Gltficester, and from Wales, to the Western Parts of England:

That the Passages over the said Bridge, and through the several Streets and Avenues leading thereto, are extremely narrow and inconvenient; and that Accidents frequently happen to Persons and Carriages passing to and over the said Bridge, to the great Hindrance ot Trade and Commerce:

That the Foundation of the said Bridge has been examined by several experienced Workmen, and appears to be good; and capable of such Improvement, by rebuilding thereupon, ns will be of great Advantage to the Navigation; That taking down the Houses on the said Bridge, and widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, leading thereto, and removing other Annoyances and ObstruCHons, will be very advantageous: That it will be necessary to build a temporary Bridge while the old one is repairing:

And that, after the rebuilding of the said Bridge, and opening the said Passages (if the several Inconveniences . should not be fully remedied), it may be very necessary to build another Stone Bridge over the said River, and ' open proper Avenues thereto.

Several Members present confirmed Mr. EUon's Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging, the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, leading thereto; and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said City, if necessary, and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto: And that Mr. jarrit Smith, the Lord Carysfort, and Mr.

Nugent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to H.mM whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Act Inc Mint. Act for dividing and inclosing a certain common or open Piece of wade Ground in the Parish or Township of Hartshill with WoodkaU, in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee* and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and areas followeth; viz.

P. 5. L. 21. After "fame," inlert Clanfe A:

Clause A: " And be it further Enacted, by the Aathorny aforesaid. That the said Commissioners,* and " their Successors, or any Two or more of them, shall " and may set out and appoint such public and private Roads and Ways, and also such Ditches, Drains,

" Fences, Bridges, Gates, and Stiles, as they shall think " convenient, in, over, and upon, the luclosures to be made by virtue of this Act; so that all such public c* Roads shall be Forty Feet broad, at the lead, between u the Ditches or Fences, and such public Roads shall at " all times for ever hereafter be repaired, and kept in " Repair, in such manner as other public Highways are w by Law directed to be repaired; and that, after the " making the Roads and Ways so set out and appointed*

" it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to u use any other Roads or Ways, either public or private,

€( over or through the said new luclosures, on Foot or €t with Horses, Cattle, or Carriages; and that all the €i former Roads and Ways, which shall not be set outt " and appointed as the Roads and Ways through the said u intended Inclosures, shall be deemed Part of the Lands " to be ineiofed, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly as Part of such Lands; and that all the private Ways, Ditches, Drains, Fences, Bridges, Gates,

" and Stiles, so to be set out and appointed as aforesaid,

" shall be made, and at all times thereafter repaired,

" cieanfed, maintained, and kept in Repair, by such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said,

« Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall,

" by their Award or Instrument herein after-mentioned,

" order, direct, or appoint."

Pr. S. L. 38. After " mentioned," insert CiaufeB:

Clause B: w And it is hereby further Enacted ami " Declared, That the Cost and Charges incident to and " attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and of " the surveying, dividing, and allotting, the Lands and u Grounds so intended to be ineiofed as aforesaid, and " the preparing and inrolling the said Award and lnftrument, and all reasonable Charges and Expences of " the Commissioners, and other necessary Expences in,

<c about, and concerning, the Premises, shall be borne,

" paid, and defrayed, by the several Owners, Occupiers, and Proprietors, to whom the said Common,

" or Piece or Parcel of waste Ground, so to be ineiofed,

" shall be allotted respectively, to be settled, adjusted, andascertained, by the said Commissioners, or any Two u ormoreofthem,in proportion to the Value of the Lands " and Groundsfo to be allotted and assigned to the said u Persons and Parties respectively, as to the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall seem " meet and expedient: And in case any such Owners,

<c Occupiers, or Proprietors, their Heirs, Executors, cc Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse or negleCfcto w pay his, her, or their, Share or Proportion ot such iC Charges and Expences, within the Time to be limited " by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more ol " them*to such Person or Persons as they shall appoini

" t<

Googh

Burton Bridge, &i Roads*

outham

luclo/ure.

Xstio. ii.

22

82 jj|

« to receive the same, then the said Commissioners, or " any Two or more of them, shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, order and direct " such Sum and Sums of Money, as (half be necessary i( to pay and defray such Charges and Expences, to be " paid by the Person or Persons who shall be Owner or ,£ Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors, of the Inheritance " of the said Tands and Grounds for the Time being: xt And in case such. Owner or Proprietor, Owners or 4t Proprietors, of the said Messuages, Cottages, Lands,

4* and Grounds,shall neglect or refuse to pay and defray " such Charges and Expences as aforesaid, then the said " Commissioners, or any Ttwo or rnore of them, shall <c and may, by Warrant uator their Hands apd 'Seal^ directed to any Persontbr B^foris^fratfoe

*' jfame to be levied.by, Distress aticTSalb'.of the Goods Place; and Chattels ‘CftkeOwn er oi‘vPf-oprietor,.;pr Ovynei*s -Amendments, in

or Proprietors, of such Lan^yand Tenement?, re-<c fusing or neglectiftg to pay thb fatne; Teriderin^the ", Overplus (iiany). to the Owner or Owners7o/ such ""‘Goods and (Chattels, the reafdnahleCbils, Charges; and <c Expences, of taking or making such Distress ap'd Sale,

" being the reout first^edu&ed and paid; or* orfienyjfe it l*f shall and itiaybeIqwfti^to’and'Tor "the fi’id^mtaif-1 *iibners, and their Successors, of;3hy Two^of' mote of Question. putitherpupon; agreed to by^the!House,ito:be 4< 'therii,to enter into arid iipm *makle Part of the Bill; . ::

,<c*so to be allotted to fudh reifon'pr PeaohVfor^sing Andan Afnenduloot was made by the JHouse,jto the ‘for neglecting.to'paylas rtforeMd, arijd to! tate'.and I Bill. v .....: : .11

.’* receive th^Rdnts and Profits tlier^fVeTpedfvky^Onti^ Ordered, That; the Bill, with tl^jApendments^be

‘f tjldrbby of 2l^'SlVare;of'Share^lP^Jb^tSon. ingrossed.' * ;:

Proportions.

of Southdm, in the CouMy was committed.

That the Committee had exaroiued the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Panties concerned had given their Cpnfent to the to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Mr. Afib\iry\ Mr. Gibbard, Mr. Barn&te, Mr?. BarnaUe, Mr. Jack-Jbny and Mr. Middleton, who are podefied of between Three and Four Yard Lands, who were applied to, and refiifed to sign the .' Bill, but said they would not oppose it; and that the whole ’ Lands ,to be inclosed consist Of Fifty Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the\Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Gom- mhtee had gone ithrough , the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto* which they had directed him to treport to the House; and he rqad the Report in, his and afterwards; delivered the Bill* with; lhs at the;Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout:and then, a Second time,!Ojte}determined by pne; and, upon )the Question fC’-.verallylput theneupon, were agreed to by thciHoule. A.Glause wa$coffered to be;added to thei Bill, for allotting* Gravf I Pits for the Repair of thexRoads: ,

Andi the :feid;CJaUfe;tyas twice read,/with Bleaks; whichibeing fillediupp the said Clause was,upon the

K directed, avv^ded’ aml appointed, by the fdicl Critti-"€i million ere, to be paid* by such TcrfdnOrPerrdhs as ’ aforesaid, and also alfCofts,. Charges, a’fi$ ^jretVces, <c occasioned by or attending fuel) Entry.upon, apd " Receipt of, the Rents and Profits \>f the fa'rhe'rreipifes, " shall respe&i’vely be fully paid and fafiSflCd.*"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by t|ie House,

Sir: T.hsmas Palniev reported fromrthe Committee^ to Barrow

wIwmui the Rill for/divid iogiaod wiclosing the feveraVopen Inclosure/

and corbmon’ Fields,(Meadows, anidiGommons, within

the; Lordship ori Idb^irty. of Barrozo upan >Shart 1 li ’the

t Gouritymf L<Hc^cr,:wassccimnuttedvThat the Casmnrt-

? tee.hadconsidered the Petition of Thomas. Bating ton of

(Temple^ near Rethtfley* t !and c William \Ruding, oil Wbfi-

coaies; Jiruthe County ofcLcicester, 1 Esqiiire, referred to

ithe said Committed and had hbaneb the Petitioners by

rr, tT j rr'ir i. j r A, ttheirCounfel, and had also heard.Couiifeliin favour of the

_The Lord liters reported from the Commute,; to .,fti4.lBBr/agaihlt ftid. Petition; and that,the Cofn- ,

- whom the B.ILfor amending and w.demng the KwIs , ^tee,had examined, the Allegations o^the Billviand leading from Burton Bridge,wt^or near.^ ^a foi,m, the same ta be tone; and ttet the Paftiea’cost.

Trent nrthe- Goudty_of cemad had given their Content torthe Bill, stodhdSatrs-

v County of2)^and from th^oeito Marjc^ofworh,. faaion.of. ithe Committee; excepti the^ Propridtb^f m tlle County o{J^eic^/2er, and(f^nn^hence- u>likictey, Sixteen Acres and Two R;od3> £ho had been: abplifcd

If . tfa"1 Sld to, and.refused tolfign the;' Bill; , and, .that. ,thfelthole

Betev.xt NdfonzxdIbfhckm the,frnd County,do HoppL;nds il)tended to b» incJ^fed conflft of about ,2j25

Hall nezv Market ^//.aforesaidand fomMwsham and Committee had gone through the

- aforefa.d to FUand, other mk Mon ' Bridge,^-, , Bjl) A made thereunto, Which

herjbn, imthe, County had'dinged him*o reportrto the House; andlhe

7rl'llv!ce ^ounreSr' ot Stafford and W mk,to^ thadlaportmhis'filace; and, afterwattls delivered '

' Market Bdfiwrth aforefa.d, and fro^theace tteD gli Biu Amendments, in afcthe ClflEk’aTaWe:

kton^ntothe Wt^nvement Rart «f the.^n- WherAmendment* wereonce read throughout,

pike Road lead m g from Etirl Shelton to Leiccftcra ore- and a Second time> one by.one and, upon the

*h.re itJdm the Jtod /Vom OnM Ifrm K Fuiim.' OWteftTfc* Ut«! Bill,.mth.tlitfAinendmeot!/.le Bridge aforesaid, was committed, I hat thq LomrrpUee ..jjo-nofled . had examined the Allegations of the Bill, andfouui the ‘ 0

fame to be trite; and that the Committeethad go..e s;r Q rted irom the Committee, to H.

sss‘

I-Ioofe, and he...adlte Hej,o« ,a W ato-: H" cSj rf&Ay

wards delivered the B.il,tv,tb. the.Amendm^ Vn at ^wasexun^itted,

the Clerk s 1 able: Where the.Amendm^ts.werq once thel^mm\ttee had examined the Allegationaof

read throughout; and then a Second me, one by one; fliu and fow6(JtJle same to be true;, andthht the

Committee had gone through, the Bill, andm^e several

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tsobfepdrt to the House; arid he read theiReport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

io A AClause

with several Amendments to One of them, agreed vto by the House. y

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amehduiertfs,. be Ihgrossed.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from thfe Coip&ittec, to whom the Bill for dividing and inciofingitlieicoikimon >Fields, common Pastures, common iMeadows common Grounds, and Waste Grinds,.iatlii!MLmor and!Pafifli Vol. 28.

8a3'

A Clatlfe Wats offered to be added to the Bill, that no Gate shall be set up on a certain Part of the old Road:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hayton Mr. Hezvett reported from the Committee, to whom Xnclosure# gjj for and allotting certain open arable

Fields, meadow and pasture Grounds, and Commons, irt the Tdtftoship of Hayton, in the County of Nottingham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, arid found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Six Persons, whose Property in the said Township amountB to £. 53. 10 s. per Annum, and who, being applied to, refuted to sign the Bil, but said they had no Objection thereto; and also except Nine other Persons, tvhofe Property in the said Township amounts to £. 51. 10 s. pdr Annum, who, being applied to; refused to give their Consent to the said Bill; and also except Mr. Dickinson, who is intitled to the Inheritance of a small Freehold, and also holdsTwo Messuages and about 120 Acres of Land in the said Township, under Two several Leases, for One and Two Lives respectively, of the Archbishop of York, the Whole being of the annual Value of Thirty-eight Pounds, or thereabouts; and that the several Persons who have consented to the said Bill (including the Archbishop of York, who has an Estate v 1 in the said Towtiship, in Right of his See, confiding of

:Two Messuages and about 120 Acres of Land, now on > Lease for One and Two Lives respectively, to the aforesaid Mr. Dickinson) have Property in the said Town ship, amounting to £.394 per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ClerkV Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe-Verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to . the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Accounts of The House being informed, That the Vestry Clerks of Parish the several Parishes of St. Olave's, Southwark, St. Children, gaviour, Southwark, and Chrifis Church near Nezvgate Street, attended at the Door;

They were severally called in; and, at the Bar,feve-frally presented to the House,

Accounts, pursuant to the Orders of the House, of the *4th Day of this instant March, for the Vestry Clerks of Ihe several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to lay before this House the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And they severally withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were severally

read.

And the said Accounts were severally ordered to lie Hipon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning* Nine of the Clock,

A. 1760.

Lunce, 24* did Martii;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760:

P k a v e u s.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant GoWefd

to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Guldeford, in the County of Surfey, in the room of Richard Onslow Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cm for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Commons, lnciolufei or Wastes, and common Meadow Grounds, within the Manor and Soke of Cation, in the County of York, was read the First time.

Refitted, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr.

Daval

JMr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shorehia for erecting Piers, and other Works, for the Security and H^bour, Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County of Suffer, and for keeping the same in Repair, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Glouceffcr, for making more effectual and continuing the Term, and &c.R<»d», enlarging and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty *£ Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the City of Gloucejlei* towards the City of Hereford; and for repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucester, in the said Act mentioned; without any Amendment,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Chesterfieia, ' from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the &c.Ro«i. Town of Chesterjietd to Mattock Bridge; and also the Road leading out of the said Road on the High Moors, to Rowjley Bridge; and also the Road leading out of the said Road, over Darley Bridge, to Cross Green, in the County of Derby; was read the Third time.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge; and also the Road leading out of the said Road, over Darley Bridge, to Cross Green; and also the Road leading out of the last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Roivjley Bridge, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That the Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty to make Leases Duch and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Par- Cornwall cel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered,'That Mr. Bayntun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act NvthWaw for repealing an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-one, intituled, " Act anent the Salmond Fishing in the Water " of Nythf was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass;

Ordered, That Mr. Veitch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed tactile fame, without any Amendment.

Ms

22* — 240 Martii.

33 Geo. 1t.

Bristol Mr. /trrriV Smith presented to the House, according to

Bridge* &c. Order, a Bill for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging, the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, leading thereto; and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said City, if necessary, and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Deputy Gentleman Uiher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

\va] Assent The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s to Bils. Commission for declaring his Royal Assent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, io hear the Commission, read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission afore-raentioned,had been at the House of Peers: Where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to several public and private Bills, therein mentioned; and also impowering hisRoyal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and, notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the Lord Arch-bishop of Canterbury, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, and the Lord Privy Seal, did, by virtue of the said Commission, and also of his Majesty’s Commission for holding this Parliament, accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz. .

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Dei by, in the County of Derby:

An Act for making more effectual and continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the City of Glottcefttr, towards the City of Hereford-, and for repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucester, in *he said Act mentioned:

An Act for erecting Piers, and other Works, for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of Neiv ShoreJiam, in the County of Sujcx, and for keeping the same in Repair:

An Act to enable the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal from or near Worfely Mill, over the River Irwell, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lapcaster, and to or near Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the said County:

An Act to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Wellbore Ellis Esquire, and Robert Nugent Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify" themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices:

An Act to enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James, founded in Charter House, to grant building or other Leases of some Parts of the Estates of the said Hospital, lying in the Parish of St. Jatnes Clerkenwell, and elsewhere, in the County of Middlesex, for such Terms of Years as are therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Con)-Vol. 28.

mon Fields, common Meadows,common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Pii-rifli, Township, and Liberties, of Sulgrate, in tile County of Arorthamptoh:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commoh Fieldk,

Meadows, Pastures, and wade Grounds, in the Pkrifli of Mackworth, in the County of Derby i

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Field, common Pastures, common MeAdd\vs;commonGround8, and waste Grounds, in MaYfton Saint Lawrence', in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields in the Parish of tioby, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields within the Parish of Lutcham, alias Litcham, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing the Rights of Common or Shackage in the said common Fields, and certain other Lands, in the said Parish, called Half Year Closes:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Somerby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Parish of Barford, in County of Wanvick:

An Act for inclosing and dividing the Moor or Common, called Humvick Edge, in the Manor of Bondgate, and County of Durham:

An Act to distoive the Marriage of Exuperius Turner Esquire, with Elizabeth Louisa his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes-therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Mark GoodJL^/Ii Gentleman, with Elizabeth Fielding his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable James Hammett Esquire, and his Issue, to take and ufethe Surname of Hamlyn only:.

An Act to enable Henry Stoffold and Robert Stoffold Gentlemen, now called Henry Aujlen and Robert Austen, and their Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Aujlen, instead of their own Surname and Arms, ppr-suant to the Will of Robert Austen Esquire, deceased:

An Act to qualify and enable Samuel Hadet Esquire,. now called Samuel Farewell, and his Heirs, to use and take, in Exchange for his and their own Surname, the Surname of Farewell, pursuant to the Will of Nathanael Farewell Esquire, deceased:

An Act to enable Thomas Lewis Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Lloyd, pursuant to the Will of Richard Lloyd Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Peter Trapaud, Nicholas Bailier, Chrfiopher Battier, John Ralph Battier; Abel Mitz, Peter Auberlin, John William Smith, Gabriel Anthony Emft, Frederick Nicholas Graff, Emanuel Philip Bize, and David Samuel Henry Duveluz:

An Act for naturalizing Maria Elizabeth Spencer,

Wife of Richard Spencer Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Southampton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Town Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- ' ment for the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, in the room of Anthony Langley Swymmer Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. West do make the Report from Supply Brlfj the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Duties on prevent the excessive Use of spirrtuous Liquors, by lay- sPlntS4 ingan additional Duty thereupon: and to encourage the Exportation of British-made Spirits, was committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the com- Southam mon Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, com- In'dofurt* mon Grounds, and waste Grounds* in the Manor and

Parish

14

Mrirtii.

jparish of South am, in the County of Warwick, was reac^he Third tiii^e, , $ ,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An A(Jl for dividing and inclosing the coimmon Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and wafie Grounds, in Ijhe Manor and Parish olSputham, in the County of Wapzdick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mar daunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Accounts of\ The House being informed. That the Vestry Clerks Parish . 6 f t/ie several P^armVes of St. Giles' without Cripple gate, St. Dimjlan, in the East, St. Paid, Skadwell, and the Hamlet of Ratcliffie, and also the Churchwarden of the Parish of S/.Vedaffi, Pofier Z^n^ atiended-at the Door; t T^y were Severally called vin and, at the Bar, fe-" Verally printed to the House

V - Accounts, pursuant to the Orders of the House, of the ijth Day of this instarit March, for the Vedry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to , 'lay before this'House ‘the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

A. 1766;

Children.

Baw try to Sheffield Road.

bourhood of Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in the Clerk’s Table: Where the same tvas read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Joseph Bell laid. That the Road between the Towns of Sheffield and Baivtrij is very ruinous andbad, and in many Places very narrow, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages; and that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the or- , dinary Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ih;a Bill for amending and widening the Road from Bazvtry to Sheffield, and frdm Sheffield to the Smith Side o{Wortlcy, in the County of Toth, where it joins thcTurnptkeRoad leading from Rotherham to fManchester: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. fVilkiu/bn, Mr. Shelley, and Sir Lionel Pilkington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for re^ulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the rdTpeftive Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Cajlleton, in the County of Derbyi was tead a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Smith, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More, Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Bacon,* Mr.' Charlton, Mr. Thoroton. Sir Charles

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Mbrdduht, Mr.' Kytiapn, S\v Geo. Savile, Mv. Fellowes, whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mr >Mr Mr. Goto, 'Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Freeholders, Merchants, Farmers, and Traders, whose LoWnde?, Lord Chryffiort, Mr. Staunton,

Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near, Mr Mr. Banket, Mr. Olmiits, Mr. Butler, Mr.

and travelling on, the Road between the Towns of Mr. Mr. Alderman

Sheffield and Bazotry, in the County of York.; and also Mr. Mr. Hanger, Mr. Crcfwell, Ur.

the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Na- Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. ShdleyMr. lVilk'es,

vigation of the River Dun, under their Common Seal; Mr. Stanley, Mf; Cartzoright, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Chejkr, were severally referred; That the Committee had exa- Mr. Ptumpire,1 >Sic ""

And they severally withcJreYV.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were severally read. And the said Accounts were federally ordered to he upon the Table, to be periifed by the Members of the House. ..... . , . /"

The said Accounts are preserved araongst the other Papers of this Session.

HigfeP^ Jcc* Couiti Baron.

Edmund IJkam,.Mx. Bagot, Lord North,-Mti Torvitflunid; Mr. Ellis, Mr. Sehvi/n, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Grenville, Sir John Gordon, Mx^Ofwatd, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Coventry; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland^ Westmoreland, Cumberland, Lancaster, and Derby: Arid they are to meetthis After-nriori^ati Five of the Clock,'in the Speaker’s Chamber.

! i*t .* ' - . ': . l . .' i i I

Mr.* Elliot presented to the House, according to Or-

mined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the' first-mentioned; Petition,

Mr. Gilbert Dixon said, That he knows the Road from Sheffield, where it joins the Turnpike Road whichjeads

from Rotherham to Manchester:. That the Tirft-mentioned der:,.n Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces, Road is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places very in.that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: iiarrriw, and cannot Be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Lawl And in Support of the Allegations, of the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun,

An Act, *of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and also an Act of the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, were read; whereby it appeared, that the said Company was to make and keep in Repair the Road between Sheffield and Tinjley; and,

for which Purpose, they are impo<veredto receive Two uhv >, j> n

Pence a Ton upon all Goods and Merchandizes, of , UP01? Ae 1* ?f/Prd next*

what Kindsoever, which fliouldTe brought up to, or. V ' r ' is

carried from, any Wharf at or near 7i;^afo&id,tQ Jhe Order ° the^Day ^ing r^d, the House o be carried up or down the River: aA refol.e UfeM mt6 a.CormeWee ohje *ho e House,.

Mr. Joial Needham. Agent. an<l Expeoditure to the

« Compeny; ^ed yo, PComi. The, tae

> °; ' -1 - ' ' ’

ScotA

Midi

Lias.

And the

,fame Was received:; and read the Fjrlt time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be read a Second tiige.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill, be,read a Second time upon Tuesday the 15th Day,of April jiext.


.’The Order of t;he,’t)^ being read, for the‘Second Me#bo feeading of the Bill1 td enforce and render more effectual Qua!lcr:dj the LaWs relating to the Qualification of Members to

fit imthe House of Qommons -;

Ordered, That the salt! Bill Be read a Second

time

Su^'b

the said Acts have palTdd, the Company have expended, in the Repair of that Road, £. 4,245, which is Bart of the Road between Sheffield and "Bawlry:

That, about the latter End of November 1758, this lload was completed, and was at that time aivery good Road; but cannot be kept in good Repair without a great Expence, unless l’ome.Reftraiut is put upon Carriages using narrow Wheels upon this Part of the Road.

W:o

The Order of the Day being'read, for the House to resolve itself into a, Coriimittee of the whole House, to and Ms consider further of’Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

ReJ'olved, Thai tips^House'will, upon Friday Mom, ing next, resolve ftfelf into the said Committee.

Pitt*.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committep, to The Order of1 the Day being read, for the House to Ssg< whom the Petition of the Centlemen, Clergy, Freeholds, refojve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, upon CoBfcil er*, and others. Inhabitants of the Town arid iJeigh-' 'the^fclifdraddingeerfain Annuities, granted in the Year AjlJ *4 ’ "' ’759>

33 Geo. II. — 25* 829

1759, to the Joint Stock of Three per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, 29th, and 32d, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking Fund;

Resolved, That this House will, up oh Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; Mr. Weji reported from the Committee of the whole to whom the Bill to prevent the excessive Use Of spirituous Liquors, by laying an additional Duty

thereupon; and to encourage the Exportation of British-made Spirits, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House* and he read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read:

And the Amendments,made bj' the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Folio 6. Line 5. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, in Folio 6. Line 5. being read a Second time;

The House was moved. That several Parts of the Minutes taken of the Evidence, which was given at the Examination before the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, relating to spirituous Liquors, might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That Part of an A6i, made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act for laving a Duty *>n compound Waters or Spirits, and for licensing the Retailers thereof* and for determining certain Duties on French Brandy, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for enforcing the Laws for preventing the Ru'nning of Brandies* might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Part of the Minutes taken of the Evidence which was given at the Examination before the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, relating to spirituous Liquors, might be read: And the same being read accordingly

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be re-committed

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, 55.

Tellers for the Voes.j £[j- . j 58.

So it palfed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clanfe was-offered to be added to the Bill, forpre-. venting the counterfeiting or altering of Certificates: And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of The Bill.

Another Clause was oftered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Aqua Vita?, made and consumed in Scotland, from the Duties charged by the Act:

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

VOJL 2 a.

The House divided.

The Y eas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J jjr °p^jfCampbell; \l6:

Tellers for the Noes j

So it palfed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made 1>y the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 50 die Martii;

Anno 33* Georgii IP1 Regis* 1760.

Prayers.

THE Lord Register of Scotland reported from the Deanhura Committee, to whom the Petition of James Earl Bridge, &c. of Lauderdale, and the humble Petition of the lloyai Roa<1* -Burgh of Lauder, and of other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen of the County Palatine of Durham; were severally referred* That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House* itnd he read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read and is as foliowetii viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

A Member present informed your Committep, That he knows the Road from Kelso and Jedburgh, by Lauder, which is very bad, and that at some times the Water of Leider is impalfable and it would by for the Advantage of the Public, if. the said Road were repaired, and a Bridge built cross the Water of Leider.

To prove the Allegations of the Second Petition,

Francis Blake Esquire, being examined, said, That he knows the Road from t he intended Bridge near Coldjiream, to the Village of Conduit, which is not Three Quarters of a Mile: That the same is at present in very bad Repair, and too narrow, and constant Trespasses are made on the Land adjacent, on the East Side by Persons passing to the present Fords* which may be prevented as soon as the said intended Bridge shall be built, if the said Road were properly repaired; and that the repairing the said Road to the East End of Cornhill (including Mr. Collingwod's Garden Wall), would render the intended Scheme much more complete, and of more general Use to the Public.

Ordered, That it bean Inllruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Deanburn Bridge, through SoiitrahiU, by Channel-kirk, Greenlaw, and Antonjhill, to the River Tweed at Coldjiream, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from Coldjiream, to the opposite Shore; is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from Keljb and Jedburgh, by Lauder, leading into the said Road; and for building a Bridge cross the Water of Leider.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com* m it tee; That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from the intended Bridge, near Coldjiream, to the Welt End of the Village of Cornhill, in the County of Durham.

Mr. Clive reported from the Committee, to whom tfiddermin* the Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Re- tier Hoadn pair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Bail iff, Aldermen, and principal Inhabitants, of the'Town and Borough of Kidderminster9\n the Ccuuty 10 B of

8%0 Martiu A. ij56.

of Worcester, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the.Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feveraf Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be logrolled.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. l)aval:

Mr. Speakerj

Owfton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosurr* for dividing and inclosing the Commons and waste Grounds in the Manor and Constablery of Oivston, in the West Riding of the Courtty of York, without any Amendment: And also,

Baynon’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intiluled, An Act foi* Ertaicf. Sale of the real Estate of Thomas Beynon Esquire, a Lunatic, for discharging the incumbrances affecting the the fame; and for laying out the Residue of the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Thomas Beynon, and his Heirs: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Adwicke Mr. Hezvett reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and com-ftion Fields, Meadows, Commons, and waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lord ship of Adwicke in the Street, in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Burden and

XJocken, whose Property in the said Fields is very incon-liderable, who, on being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that noPerson appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tam worth, Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do-make the Report from

&c. Ro*di. the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the high Roads from the Borough of Tamivcrth to A/hbydela Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and from Ashby cle la Zouch aforesaid to Saxdey Ferry, in the said County, was re-committed.

Mr. Kynaston accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had made feme other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Sir Ellis Cimliffe reported from the Committee, to WrMon orl whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing divers Parcels tj»«Hill of Commons and waste Grounds lying and being in the luclolttra several Townships of Walton on flic Hill and Fazakerlei/, in the Parish of Walton on the Hill aforesaid, and County Palatine of Lancester, was committed. That, the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Rice and Mary Topping, whose Estates within the said Townships and Parish amount together to the yearly Value of £. r,i, who, having ueen applied to, refused to sign the Bill; aftd that the whole Value of the Estates within the said Townships and Parish amounts to £.2,065 per Annum % and that no Person appeared before the Contrr.ittee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at. the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Y\wl\. the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the excessive Use of Supply Bill; spirituous Liquors, by laving an additional Duty there- Duticson upon; and to encourage the Exportation of British- bpinu‘

made Spirits; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

Pr. 22. L. 7. After " his," to insert or her:"

L. 30. After " his," to insert " or her:

L. 36. After " he," to insert <c or flie:"

L. 37. After " his," to insert " her or their."

Pr. 29. L. 20. After tC Act," to infort 4< not hereby of otherwise directed to be recovered."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

(Lord Harry Pcndett, t

Tellers for the Noes,< Mr. Wortley Montagu > 28.

( junior: 7

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act for preventing the excessive Use of spirituous Liquors, by laying additional Duties thereon: for shortening the Prohibition of making low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Grain, and from Meal, Flour, and Bran; for encouraging the Exportation of British-made Spirits: and for more effectually securing the Duties payable upon Spirits, and preventing the fraudulentRelandingor importation thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Anny Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of several Augmentations to his Majesty’s Forces, since the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons for the Year 1760 was delivered, from the respective Times within mentioned, to the 24th Day of December 1760.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

33 Geo. IL

Ma

Hi

ESTI MATE of the Charge of several Augmentations to his Majesty’s Forces, since the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons for the Year 1760 was delivered, from the respefilive Times under-mentioned, to the 24th Day of December 1760.

Light

Dragoons

An Augmentation to Lieutenant General Dejean's, from 24th of January 1760, to the r 1 24th of December following, both inclusive, none V being 336 Days -

To Major General Honyzvood's, for the same Time -

f An Augmentation to Lieutenant General Dragoon j Waldegrave's, from 25th of December 1759,

Guards -i to 24th of December 1760, both inclusive,

L being 366 Days....

f To Lieut. General Earl of Albemarle's, for the -p. 1 same Time - -

Itragoons To Field Marshall Sir JRobert Rich's, for the ( same Time -

To Major General Eliott's, for the same Time - -

To Lieut. Colonel Burgoyne's for the same Time -

To Lieut. Colonel Dale's for the same Time -

Two additional Troops to Lieut. Colonel - Hale's, for the feme Time -

An Augmentation to the First Regiment of Foot Guards, from 25th February 1760, to the 24 th of December following, both inclusive, being 304 Days Levy Money for the said Augmentation at Foot,) £.3 per Man -

Guards. 1 To the 2d Regiment of Foot Guards, for the same Time -

Levy Money for the said Augmentation To the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, for the same Time -

"Levy Money for the said Augmentation

An Additional Company to Lieut. Colonel Draper's Battalion, from 25th December 1759, to 24th December 1760, both inclusive, being 366 Days -An additional Company to Lieut. -Colonel Cvote's Battalion, from 25th December 1759, to 24th December 1760, both inclusive, being 366 Days -

Faot.,) Two additional Companies to Lieutenant ' Colonel Draper's Battalion, from the 25th January 1760, to 24th of December following, both inclusive, being 335 Days - -

Two additional Companies to Lieut. Colonel Code’s Battalion, for the same Time -Lieut. Colonel Vaughan's Corps, from 12th January 1760, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 348 Days -

Numbers.

*75

175

350

7>417 4 *-7,417 4 —

96 - 3,76013 —

96 - - 3,760 13 — r

96 - - 1 3,760 13 —

276 - ": 9,689 17 —

210 - " 7>576 4 —

234 " - 8,344 16 —

158 1,166 6,688 13 —:

280 3.546 13 4

- - - -' 840 — —

l80 - 2,280 — — 540

l8o f 0 1 1 2,280 — — 540 — —

114 - - 1.933 M —

"4 - i,933 14 —

228 - 3.539 16 8

228 - - 3.539 16 8

572 - - 9,465 12 —

- L142

TOTAL.

L- * d-

I4.834 8 — i

43.581 9

10,026 13 4

18,478 19 4

Vol. 28.

832

25* Maftii.

Highland J Companies'

rTen Companies, with a Major, and the usual Staff Officers, from the 25th December 1759, ta 24th December 1760, both inclusive, being

366 Days -....

Four Companies, from the 7th January 1760, to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 353 Days -

These Companies were formed into Two Corps of Seven Companies each, under the Command of Lieut. Colonel Campbell and Major Keith.

Charge of forming Lieutenant Colonel Campbell's Corps, being the Pay of Lieut. Colonel Campbell,aMajor, and the usual StaffOfficers, from the 24th January 1760, to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 336 Days -

One Company added to Lieut. Colonel Campbell's Corps, from the 26th January 1760, to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 334 Days - - - "

One Company, with a Major, added to Major Keith's Corps, from the 19th February 1760, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 310 Days , -

Already voted for Major Keith's Corps, in the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons for the Year

1760 " - . " - . - -

Remains to be provided by Parliament -Commandant Daniell's9 from 18th February 1760, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 311 Days -Commandant Tyrwhitt's, from the 19th February 1760, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 310 Days -Commandant Saxton's, from 21st February 1760, ta24th December following, both inclusive, being 308 Days -Commandant Ross's, from 23d February 1760, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 306 Days - -

Commandant Richard's, for the same Time -Commandant Brewer's, for the same Time Commandant Needham's, from 26th February 1760, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 303 Days -

Commandant Le Geyte's9 for the same Time -Commandant Sarver's, from 27th February 1760, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 302 Days -Commandant Thomas's, for the same Time Commandant Thompson's for the same Time -Commandant Chetwode's9 from 28th February 1760, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 301 Days -

Commandant Hunt's, for the same Time Commandant Lilly's9 from 29th February 1760, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 300 Days - > -

Commandant Freeman tie's, for the same Time Commandant Parr's, for the same Tjme Commandant Elrington's, from the 3d of March 1760, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 297 Days -Commandant IVemys's, from 4th March 1760, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 296 Days - ’

Commandant Napier's, for the same Time Commandant Rickman's, from the 5th March 1760, to 24th December following, both in elusive, being 295 Days -

Numbers.

1,144

456

114

114

i>834

1,030

114

114

114

114

114

114

114

114

114

114

114

114

114

114

114

114

114

114

114

114

War Office, 24th March 1760,

Total -

Barrington.

804

2,*8o

6,496

£. 3. d.

19,724 7 —

7,460 x 4

473 4

1,764 12 8

1,715 6 8

3T»i37 11 8

17,790 13 —

1,643 2 4

1,637 16 8

1,627 5 4

1.616 14 —

1.616 14 —

1.616 14 —

1.600 17 —

1.600 17 —

i»59-5 " 4

i»595 ii 4 1.595 11 4

1.590 5 8 i.59° 5 8

1.585 -

i>585 -

1.585 -

i.5% 3

1.563 1? 4

1.563 17 4

1,558 11 8

A. 17

total.

£ s

13.346 <8 8

31,937 '5 —

I34.I39 *7 4

Ordered,

noving npowcier gaz'me n Green-;h 10 Pur-:t.

:count of

uifh

hildrrn.

Marquis of Annandale’s Estate.

Lethieullier’s Ell ate.

33 Geo. II. 'if — 26° 833

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be pern fed by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for applying a Sum of Money granted, in this Scliion of Parliament, towards taking down and removing the Magazine for Gunpowder, near Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and erecting a new Magazine for Gunpowder at Purjleet, near the River of Thames, in the County of Essex.

The House being informed, That the Vestry Clerks of the several 1"arifhesof Saint Bennet, GraceChurch, London, Saint Mary le Strand, Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint A ndreu, llolbourn, above Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, Middlesex, Saint Mary, Islington, Saint Anne, iVeJi mi after. Saint Catharine Coleman, Saint Giles in the Fields, and SaintGeorge, Bloomjbuiy, SaintJames, Clerken-ivcll, and Christ Church, in Surrey, and also the Churchwarden of the Parilli of Saint Peter Westchcap, attended at the Door;

They were severally called in; and, at the Bar, severally p re fen ted to the House,

Accounts, pm suant to the Orders of the House, of the Fourth Day of this in ft ant March, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parities within the Bills of Mortality, to tey before this House the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And they severally withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were severally read.

And the said Accounts were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this, Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii) 26° die Martii;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Earl of Hopetoun, Curator of Law to George Vanden Bempde, Marquis of Annandale, his Lhicle, a Lunatic, and the Curator of Law of the said Marquis, for the Time being, to grant Feus of certain Lands, Houses, and others, in the County of Dumfries', and to exchange the Lands therein mentioned^ was read (he First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.,

An ingrossed Bill from the1 L^>rds, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate of Smart Ltihieullier Esquire, in the County of Fffex, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Long, Sir John Iiynde Cotton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bayntun. Sir John Morgan, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Foley, M r. Grove, Mr. Sy moods. Sir John Gordon, Mr Price, Mr. Cartwright., Mr. Plump/.re, Mr. Crrfwell, Mr. liar-ley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fcl-lozces, Sir Thomas Palmer, M r. Kynaston, Sir John Moles-tvorih, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Conic-wall, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. JLezvis, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fane, Sir John Philips, Mr. Bobinfon, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Whitzcorth, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Brand, Sir Jaities Creed, Mr. Ilewett, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Chester, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Wilkes, Sir Thomas Hales; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Efltx, Middlesex, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Thomaa*# for settling the real Estate of James Thomas Esquire, &state. deceased, pursuant to an Agreement between his Heir at Law and Devisee for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Morgan, Mr. Cornezvall, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Foley, Mr. CJiefler,

Air. Smith, Mr. Crafler, Mr. Felloices, Mr. Cartwright,

Air. Barrow, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ward, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Willes,

Air. Burrell, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Geo.

Savile, Mr. More, Lord Carysfort, Mi*. Heioelt, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Fane, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Hume, Mr. Charlton,

Air. Alderman Dickin/bn, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Plump-tre, Mr. Grove, Mr. Kent, Sir John Molesivortli, Air.

Creficell, Mr. Webb, Mr. Nor I hey. Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Burrell, Sir Thomas Bobinfon, Mr. Price, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Lezvis, Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir John Gordon, Sir Robert Long; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Worcester, and Salop; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr.

Daval:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Longton for inclosmgdivers Parcels of waste Grounds or Commons I»closure. in Longton, in the County of Lancaster; and for enjoying Part thereof as a Hinted Pasture, until the Inclosure of the fame; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Charteris’ Sale of Part of the entailed Estate of the late Francis Estate* Charteris Esquire; and for purchasing of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses: To which the Lords de-fire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill forvefling the Inheritance of the Rectory and Bergavenny Tythes of Bedgeworth, granted by King Henry the Charities. Eighth to the late dissolved Corporation of Bergavenny, and by them leased to Jesus College in Oxford, towards maintaining a Fellow and Scholars from Bergavenny Scliool; and for veiling other Reftories and Tythes in the County of Monmouth, granted by the said King He/vy to the said Corporation, in Trustees, for supporting the said School, and for Relief of the Poor of the said Town; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Felloices,

Air. Cornezvall, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bacon,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Chefer, Mr. Fane,

Mr. Crajler, Mr. Alderman Dick inf on, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Hanger, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Air.

More, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Thoroton, Sir John Crosse, Mr.

Bri/lowe, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lyster,

Air. Robinson, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Lewis,

Air. Staunton, Mr. Webb, Mr. Sandys, Sir James Creed,

Air. Pole, Sir Frajicis Poole, Mr. Crejwell, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Calthorpe, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Willes, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Wilkinson; and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester,

Wills, Oxford, and Hereford; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker/* Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing the com- Folkfworfli mon Fields, common Aleadows, and pasture Grounds, Inclosure. within the Parish of Folksworth, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields,

10 C coinmcm

834 2 6° Martii. 17(30.

common Meadows, and pasture Grounds, within the Parish of Folksworth, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Havton An ingrossed Hill for dividing and allotting certain

Inclosure. open arable Fields, meadow and pasture Grounds and Commons, in the Township of Hayton, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting certain open arable Fields, meadow and pasture Grounds, and Commons, in the Township of Hayton, in the County of . Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. IT excel I do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ing. Clothing, and Pay,of the Troops raised b}^ the fame, according as the active Vigour and strenuous Efforts of the respective Provinces, shall jufily appear to merit.

: G. R.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That his Majesty’s most gracious Message be referred to iheConsideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom if is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Article? to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Com- IftcloiufS* mon in the Township of Ardcley and Parish of Darfield, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cornabe*?, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act &c. Nat. for naturalizing Rene Cornabe and John Daniel Luca-don, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toMr. Kynaston, Mr. Smith, Mr. Crafier, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fellozves, Sir Thomas Pc\mcr, Mr. Alderman DickinJ'on, Mr. Lysler, Mr. Hezvett, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Montagu, Sir James Creed, Mr. Staunton, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Hanger, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Thorolon, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Nor-they, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Plumplre, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Butler, Mr. Geo. Onjlozo, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Hume, Lord Hoivd, Mr. Brijloxvc, Mr Coke, Mr. Fane, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Webb, Sir Wm. Maynard, Mr. West, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Willes, Mr. Wilkinson: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Maidstone, Mr. Hanger reported from the Committee, to whom &c. oa . tjje Bjp por the ameilf]ing) widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone at the upper End of Stone Street, in the Tow n of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place called Tubs Lake, in the Parish of Cranebrooke, in the said County, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read:

And the First of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was postponed.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

The postponed Amendment, being again read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, with several Amendments thereto, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Metfhge from Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the the King; House, That he had a Message from his Majesty, to this

American House, signed by his Majesty: And he presented the

domes. same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker;

all the Members of the House being uncovered; and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, being sensible of the Zeal and Vigour with which his faithful Subjects in North America have exerted themselves in Defence of his Majesty’s just Rights and Possessions, recommends it to this House to take the same into Consideration, and to enable his Majesty to give them a proper Compensation for the Expences incurred by the respective Provinces in the Levy-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Coopey* to enable John Coopey, Doctor of Pliyflc, and Humphrey Name' Brent Coopey, his Brother, and their Issue Male, respectively, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Brent, pursuant to the Will of Humphrey Brent, late of the Middle Temple, London, Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That'Mr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the MefiVgefroii House, That he had a Message from his Majesty, to this House, signed by his Majesty: And he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker; all the Members of the House being uncovered; and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, being desirous that a proper Strength may be employed in the Settlements of the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, recommends to this House to qnable his Majesty to assist the said Company in defraying the Expence of a military Force in the East Indies, to be maintained by them, in lieu of the Battalion commanded by Colonel Adlercron^ withdrawn from thence, and now returned to Ireland.

G. R.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s mod]gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Laws to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 29th iyfp«Hng Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering moreeffeftual, an Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s, Reign, for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, and for preveling the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish, and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimenfioos mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; and also for better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish; and to prevent Abuses of the Salefmen of Fish for Fifliermen; is committed; That they have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts of Account of the Number of Children which have been received into the London Workhouse, established by an ren* Act, passed in the 13th and 14th of Charles the Second, at the Age of One Year, or under, from the ift of January 1749, to the 31st of December 1755, both Days inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Children which have been discharged at the Age of One Yea^ or under, out of the

London

Supply Bill; tcmfolidatiiijp Annuities.

Removing

Gunpowder

Magazine

from

Greenwich to Purfleet.

Boughtcn Bars, & c. Road,

33 Geo. II.

26° Martii.

835

London Worklionfe, from the ift of January 1749, to the 31st of December 1755, both Days inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Children which have died at the Age of One Year, or under, in or under the Care of the London Worklionfe, from the ift of January 1749, to the 31st of December 1755, both Days in-duiive; distinguishing each Year.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to 5 relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for adding certain Annuities, granted in the Year 17 59, to the joint Stock of 3 per Centum An-. mtities, coni'olidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, 29th, and 32d Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking Fund;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for applying a Sum of Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards taking down and removing the Magazine for Gunpowder near Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and erecting a new7 Magazine for Gunpowder at Purfleet, near the River of Thames, in the County of Essex;

The House was moved, That Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth, and for better fortifying the Town o ¥ Ports mouth, and Citadel of Plymouth, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for obviating some Doubts and DifiicuTtieR. which have arisen upon the said Act, with regard to the Direction thereby given for the Payment osso much of the Money by the said A6fc allowed, as a Compensation for certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as the Party or Parties intitled to, or interested in, flioukl be incapable by Law to take and dispose of into the Hands of the Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, for the Time being, for the Uses and Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Beauchamp Prodlor took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Beauchamp Prodlor reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Kynqflon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Bar? at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Ivefjey Bank in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton on Arden, in the County of Warwick, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone

Vol. 28.

through the Bill, and made several Amendments there* unto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at. the Clerk’s Table \

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Peter Burrell reported from the Committee, to Coomb Bow whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Bridge Roads. Repair, the high Roads leading from Coomb Bow Bridge, in the Parish of Thrujhelton, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Launceston, to Hale-worthy, in the County of Cornwall, and from Pennigil-lam Pool to Trekellearn Bridge, and from Launceston aforesaid to Greston Bridge, and from Laburnick Cross to Jonas's Shop, and from Page's Cross to Hurdon Water, in the County of Cornwall, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Air. Peter Burrell have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, hiade by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Children.

% The House being informed. That the Churchwarden Accounts of the Parish of St. Matthew, Friday Street, attended Parii& at the Door;

He was called in; and* at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Return to the Orders of this House, of the 4th Day of this instant March, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills.of Alortality, to lay before this House the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

The House being informed, That the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes of>S?. Benuet Fink and St. Botolph, without Alclgate, London, attended at the Door;

They were severally called in; and, at the Bar, severally presented to the House,

Accounts, pursuant to the Orders of the House, of the 4th Day of this instant March, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within, the Bills of Mortality, to lay before this House the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And they severally withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were severally read.

And the said Accounts were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the otke* Papers of this Session.

4

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis,

Ditt#.

Cornr,bd*3, &c. Nat.

Barrow

Inclosure*

ChtrterBeW, &c. Roads.

Duke of

Dev on Hi ire's Estates-.

Spencer’s

Eltates.

Hartfhili

inclosure.

8 36 27*

jGvis, 2 70 &7* Martii;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760. Prayers.

MR. Kvnaflon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalising Brut1 Cornabi and John Daniel Lncadou, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several open and common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Barrow upon Soar, in' the County of Leicester, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 17. L. 19. After "thereof,*' to infeit "to pursue such Methods."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rtjblved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several open and common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Barrozv upon Soar, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Daval:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near the Welt End of the Town of Chejlei'/eld to Matlock Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road, over Darley Bridge, to Cross Green, and also the Road leading out of the Jaft-mentioned Road, to the Turnpike Road near Rowejly Bridge, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have pa fled a Bill, intituled, An Act to itnpowerthe most Noble William Duke of Devonshire, to make Leases, for any Term not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, of certain Etlates lying in the Parilli of Saint James, Westmiijter, in the County of Middlesex, deviled to iiitn by the Will of the Right honourable Dorothy Countess of Burlington, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have pa fled a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower John Spencer Esquire, to make Leases of the Manor of Wimbledon, and of Lands and Grounds in Wimbledon, Barnes, Mortlacke, Eafi Sheen, Putney, and Wandficorth, in the County 0$ Surrey, given and devised by, and pnrehafed in pursuance of, the Will of the most Noble Sarah, late Duchess Dowager of Marlborough, respectively, in order for building upon and improving the same: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

All ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common or open Piece of waste Ground in the Parish or Township of Hartjhill with Wood hall, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That SW George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this "House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordllvi^s.

Martii. 1760.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of an Act of UfeofBmd Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the several Acts passed for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, as restrains fill Waggons travelling for Hire with Wheels of a leis Breadth than Two Inches and a Half when worn, from being drawn with more than Three Horses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of an Act of Pai 1 lament, passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the several Acts passed for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, as reilrains all Waggons travelling for Hire with Wheels of a less Breadth than Two Indies and a Half, when worn, from being drawn with more than Three Horses.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keep- Tan^ortf-ing in Repair, the high Roads from the Borough of &c.Road/. Tamzvor/ft to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Lci-cester, and from Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid to Sawley Ferry, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the high Roads from the Borough of Tamzcorth to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and from Sawley Ferry, in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Swar clifft Lane, leading to Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflfe their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilkinson presented to the House, according to LeedsBr^t. Order, a Bill for railing Money for the fmishing and completing the Repair of Leeds Bridge, in the County of York > and for the purchasing and taking down the Houses and Buildings which straiten and obstruct the Passage to and over the said Bridge: And the same was received; and read the Firli time.

ReJ'olvedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to Norths, whom the Bill for rendering more effectual several Acts &c.Ro;a passed in the 10th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in l he nth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 1 itb Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road lrom Dartford to Ncnrthjlcet and Grave/end, and from Gravesend to Chalk, and trom Norlhjlcet to Chalk, and from thence to the Stones End near the Pariffe Church of Strood, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the1 Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was dil'agreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Palmer reported from the Committee, to Mchon whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and Mo*tar common Fields in the Parilli of Melton Mowbray, in the I,lclolurc' County of Leicester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of 1 wo Yard Lands and Three Quarters, who refused to signthe Bill, and the

Proprietors

Brecon lec. Roads,

Pensylvania

Company

Mates.

33 Geo. II ' 270 Mar Hi. 837

Proprietors of One Yardland, who could not be found; and also the Proprietors of Nineteen Acres of Land in the said Fields, who have no Right of Common; and also the Proprietors of Eighteen Cottages, intitled to Right of Common, Three of whom could not he found, and the others refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Fields intended to be inclosed, and intitled to Right of Common, consist of Eig'hty-six Yardlands and Three Quarters, and that the Quantity of Lands in the said Fields, not intitled to Right of Common, amounts to about Forty-one Acres, and that the whole Number of Cottages intitled to Right of Common, amount to One hundred and Thirty-three; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Sir John Morgan presented to tlfe House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford; and for building a Bridge over the River Wye at Bredzvardine Pajffage, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas How, John Bland, Stephen Bowe, Devereux Bozvley, Luke Ilinde, James Hill, and Thomas Jcckfon, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the present Trustees and Grand Committee of the Partnership, called the Pensylvania Land Company in London; and also on behalf of all other Persons interested in the said Partnership, had been referred; and to whom the Report of the Matter of the said Petition was re-committed; That the Committee had further considered the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in-at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Paterfun, Agent for the Petitioners, produced to your Committee, Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the 11th and 12th Days of August 1699, whereby William Penn, Esquire, in Confederation of£. 2,000, conveyed to Tobias Collett, Michael Russell, Daniel c2uare, and Henry Gouldney, in Fee, several Lots of Land and Plantations, and also 60,000 Acres of Land in Penjylvania, in the said Indentures particularly described, at the yearly Rent of Two Beaver Skins; and also One other Indenture, bearing Date the said 12th Day of August 1699, between the said Tobias Called, Michael Russell, Daniel Quare, and HenryGould-vey, of the one Part; and William Beach, and several other Persons of the other Part; whereby, in Considera-, tion of the several Sums therein mentioned to be advanced by the Parties, amounting to£. 2,200, towards Re-imbursement of the said Purohafe-money, and railing, £% 200 fora present Stock, for man aging or improving the said Premises, or trading thither, the said Parties of the First Part covenanted, that they, their., Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, should and and would Hand seised and possessed of the Lands and Premises, in and by the said first-mentioned Indentures to them conveyed, and of the said Stock of £. 200, and of all future Stocks, for managing or improving the Premises, or trading thither, or othprwife relating the reunto, and of and in the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Stocks, and Premises, upon Trust, Vol. 28.

that the said Lands should be detpifed, fold, orcon- Petfylvmhii veyed, as the Majority of any Seven or more of the*' grand Committee of the Proprietors, to be appointed as after^mentioned, should agree, testified by their being Parties to, and Three or more of them, (besides the Trustees executing) and upon further Trust* that the net Rents and Profits of the Premises, and all Monies got for the fame, and the Profits on the said £ 200 Stock* and other Stocks to be employed by the Parties* their Heirs and Assigns, for improving the same, or trading thither, should be divided into 220 Shares, and enjoyed by the said Parties, their several Heirs and Assigns, according to the Numbers set down in a Schedule to the said Indenture; subject to the Agreements therein contained, and to such further Rules as should be agreed on by the Majority at any general Meeting of the Proprietors; and it was thereby agreed, that the Survivors of the Trustees should, upon Request of the Majority'of any Seven or more of the grand Committee, convey and assign the said Lands, Stock, and Premises to such Persons as should be appointed, by such Majority, upon the same Trusts; and also, that the said Lands, Stock, and Premises, should be governed and managed by a grand Committee of Twelve of the Proprietors, to be anpually cholen upon or within 15 Days next after the 25th Day of Mdrch, who should be called the Grand Committee for managing the Pensylvania Land Com-pauy in London, and that any Seven or more, HiotiId constitute a grand Committee, and the Majority of them should and might transact all Matters and Things relating to the Premises, not particularly reserved to be done by a general Meeting, and that what such Majority should transact, should bind all the Proprietors in all Things relating the reunto; and that all such Deeds and Conveyances as the Trustees, or Persons authorized by them and the grand Committee, should execute of the Premises, with such Consent as aforesaid, should be Va^ lid in Law and Equity, as if all the Proprietors were contenting thereto, or had executed the fame; and also that Transfer Books should be kept, in which, and not otherwise, the Proprietors should, by Writing under their Hands, assign and transfer their Shares to any Person who should accept the same in the said Transfer Books, likewise in Writing under their Hands; and that at all general Meetings the Majority present plight . make Bye-laws, Rules, and Regulations, concerning the Premises, which should be entered in a Book, and attested by some public Notary of the City of London; and, lastly, that no Benefit of Survivorship should be claimed by any of the Proprietors, except the Trustees, in respect of the Trust Estateoniy; but that the Persons to whom the Proprietors should by Will, or Writing under their Hands, give the fame, or in Default there- of, their Heirs at Law, should be intitled to the fame, and to all Privileges thereunto belonging, it being the express Intent of the Parties that theundisposed of Shares of the Proprietors should go to their Heirs at Law, but not to their Executors or Administrators.

The said Mr. Paterjon also produced and laid before your Committee, a Minute Book, and several Transfer Books, Leidgers, and other Books and Papers, which he said had been delivered to him as the Books and Papers of, the said Partnership, by Mr. Thomas Hyam, one of the Proprietors in, and one of the Trustees for, the said Partnership, and who appeared to him toadtas their Secretary, Agent, or Manager.

Mr. George Hyam being lhewn the said Books and Papers, said. That he is Son to the said Mr. Thomas Hyam, and lived with his Father till ^b^ut Thirtqen Years ago, when he married, and that Mr. Thomas Hyam has for many Years acted as Secretary, Agent, or Manager, of the said Partnership, and that the Witness has often seen the said Books and Papers in his Father’s Custody, and that the same were, during all the Time of his Knowledge of them, reputed to be, and that he believes them to be, the Books and Papers , of the said Partnership.

And your Committee find that the Transfer und Acceptance of Shares in the said transfer Books, from 10 D the

838 27° 1760.

f Pensylvania the said Year 1699, to the Year 1726 (since which " of the Pensylvania Land Company, upon their new Time no Transfers have been made in such Books) u Scheme, viz. 1720, September 6th, Resolved to mul-a ’ were in the following Form: " tiply their old Shares, which were 220 by 76, which

" I do hereby fell, assign, and transfer, " made in all, 16,720; and that the said 16,720 Shares

" unto Executors, Administrators, and w should he disposed of at £. 3. 5 s. per Share, to such

" Assigns, Shares of the Profits and Stock of " Persons as would voluntarily give it, and which, had

" the Pensylvania I and Company in London, vested in the same been full, would have raised the Sum of w Trustees, subject to the Trufis, Provisoes, " £ 87,780. N. B. If required, why not full? the Pro-

" and Conditions, Managements, and Agreements, " prietors ought to answer for themselves." u contained in One Indenture, dated the 12th of the And One of the said Papers belonging to the said " 6th Month, called Aitguft, 1699, and all Benefit, Partnership, intituled on the Back, N. 1 Slate of the u Profits, and Advantage whatsoever, that shall or may Company’s same per Mr. Storey. who was Treasurer of *f be had or made for, or *in respect of, the said Ihe said Partnership in the said Year 1720, and in the

u Shares: Witness my Hand this Day of lufide thereof an AI)firn6t*of the Deeds, Writings, and

» " I do hereby freely and voluntarily accept Evidences, of the Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-

" of the Shares above tome assigned and trans- ments, and Kfintes, of the Land Company of Penfyl-

" ferred by the above-named . subject to, vania in London, with an Account of their Proceedings

xi and under the Trusts, Provisoes, Conditions, Manage- to this Time, and the present Situation and Posture of " ments, and Agreements, mentioned in the said In- their Affairs, 6th 12th Month 1720, was read to your *c denture: Witness my Hand this Day Committee.

u of Which Paper, after Hating an Ahflraft of the said

And to shew in what Manner, and by what Authority, Deed of Partnership, dated the said 12th Day of

the Shares of the said Partnership were multiplied August 169 9, contains the following Entries; viz.

or increased, in the said Year 1720, the following cf The Copartners having thus Hated themselves upon Entries in the said M inute Book of the said Part- " a real Bottom so many Years ago, have all along pro-nership were read; viz. " ceeded upon t|e fame, and, according to their 25

<c At a general Meeting of the Pensylvania Land " Article, made Transferences from time to time, as Company in London, held at the Pensylvania Coffee <c often as they have had Occasion; but some of them " Hojfe in Birch in Lane, the 2d 7th Month 1720." " being deceased, and their Heirsor Devisees Iels active

" 77/c?;m.yA£;rcyproposed to the Company, that great " and acquainted with Things of this Nature, and the " Advantage in all Likelihood might be made by im- u Wars breaking forth and interrupting public Affairs " proving the Company’s Lands in Pensylvania, by u and Trade, as also discouraging Improvements at this €i clearing the said Lands, and fovving Hemp and Flax " DiHance, the Whole fell into a much less Number cc therein, which will be of great Advantage to the Na- " of Hands than at first, and their Stock being but <( tion, if it proves successful, in furnifiiing Naval Stores u small, they fold off some Part of their Lands, about

" with Hemp, Xc. And it is not doubted but the Un- " the Quantity of Acres, the Produce whereof

dertakers will meet with Encouragement from the tc was, from time to time, applied to the Affairs of c< Government/’ u their Copartnership, and divided inProportion amongst

" In order to put the same in Practice, a sufficient " them; but though they fold so much of their Lands;

" Stock is necessary to be raised to cany on the said " yet they Hill have near or about the first Quantity;

€e Undertaking." u for by the Laws and Confiitution of the Province,

" This general Meeting chose Thomas Storey to be Ten Acres Upon the Hundred are allowed to all the " their Cashier for the time being." cc first Purchasers, and they have like Privileges, for

" This general Meeting is ad journed to the 6th of cc Variation of Compass, Highways, Paths, Xc. so that " this InHant, at the 4th Hour Afternoon, at the same u this Allowance, amounting to Six thousand in Sixty, " Place." u continues it near the firH Number granted."

" At an act journed generalMeeting of the Pensylvania u And it is to be noted, that William Penn, Proprie-

" Land Company, held at the Pensylvania Coffee Iloitfe " for and Governor of the Province, going over thither *4 in Birchin Lane, the 6th 7 Month 1720." " in the latter End of the said Year 1699, after the Pur-

" The Minutes of the laH general Meeting were read, u chafe and Copartnerfiiip were made and settled, the " and approved." c< Lands in that Country were soon after generally ad-

" In order to raise a Stock, sufficient to carry on the u vanced to double the Value of what they had been beBusiness of this Company, it is resolved, that the ct fore, and the Country increaiing yearly with Inhabi Company’s Shares shall be divided into Seventy-six tants, Lands on all the settled Parts have also increased

" Parts each, which in the Whole amounts to Sixteen iU Value, especially such as are situate on navigable " thousand Seven hundred and Twenty Shares, to be c< Water, or near the City or settled Towns.

" computed at FiveGtiineas each Share, amounting to, " But though the Copartners had not done much in " in the Whole, Eighty-seven thousand Seven hundred <c Trade, nor improved their Lands, contenting ihem-' " and Eighty Pounds; the Land of this Company is u selves for the present with the Increase of their Value,

1 " valued at Twenty-seven thousand Pounds, including " by the Increase of the Country in general, yet they , " the Lands lately belonging to the Bristol Naval Store " never let fall their firH Intentions."

" Company." 1720." And this present Year, when many Thing*

Adjourned to the 8th InHant, at in the Afernoon, " where on foot under various Pretences, and Stocks of " at this Place." " all Sorts advanced to exorbitant Rates, till an A&

And your Committee find by an Entry in the said " was made to refirain them, the Proprietors took the Minute Book, that at a general Meeting of the Proprie- Opportunity not only to admit others into the Copart-

tors of the said PartneHhip held the 3ifi of March 1721, " nership, at a considerable Advance upon their Lands,

a grand Committee waseho fen, and ordered to meet and " but also to raise a further Stock upon this Bottom,

' inquire into the State and1 CircumHances of the said u which was found not to be within the said Act, but Company, and make a Report to the Company of the " saved by the general Terms in a Proviso therein for

true State of the fame, within Thirty Days from that " such Copartnerships, practised before..... which

Day by public Advertisement; and that the said grand u mikes the Confiitution so much more valuable; and Committee so cholen, made a Report, dated the 23d " therefore the said Copartners agreed with some

of1 April 1721, which, according to the said Minute Book, " other Persons, in Consideration of the Sum of was read at a general Meeting of the Proprietors of " Fifteen thousand Pounds, to ' bring them into Hie the Caid Partnership, the Third Day of May 1721, and li IntereHs of the said Copartnerffiip, together with contains, amongst other Things, as follows, viz. " such other Persons as these new admitted Persons

u Abfirad of the Proceedings of the Proprietors, Xc. " should think fit, in order to raise a further Stock

— " to

33 Geo. II.

2 70 Martii.

8j 9

" to carry on the Trade to Pensylvania, and to rsife " Hemp and Flax, and other naval Stores, and to trank . " port them Lo Great Britain "

" The general Meeting " 2. The Time. " fold , their whole Lands and €< A. 29th June 1720. " Interest unto Daniel Flcxney,

" Thomas Aubrey, and Aubery " Thomas, Ior £. 1.5^000, subject, nevertheless, unto the " Indentures of Copartnership aforesaid."

" And itrwas agreed among them, that the said Three " Purchasers fiiouM have the foie Direction and Management of the whole Copartnership, and full Power *c to bring into the same such other Persons, and upon - > " such Terms as they lliould think iit; and accordingly.: " they nominated a competent Number of their own.. " Accomplices, to whom feme of the old Proprietors of " the said Shares in the said Company transferred them,

" and others of the said old Proprietors continued in.. €t Possession of their Shares by Consent, to keep up a " competent Number to proceed in their Affairs, till by " Degrees new Persons might be brought in according . *cto the Agreement: Upon the surprising Miscarriageof " the South Sea Company and general Alteration, which " happened in all the Affairs of the Nation by the Ruin. " of public Credit, the Subscribers declined to pay in " their Snms proposed, as being now not willing or able, or the Face of their particular Views greatly altering, " according to the Alteration of the Times; so that the " Sum intended to be raised, fell much short: By Means " aforesaid, there issued out only 6,325 at Five Guineas " per Share, which would have raised £. 33,206. 5. o, " but the said new Undertakers reLrvinejto themselves " 1,261 Shares out of the said Number, in Woportion " herein after-mentioned,there was really no morqthan 27,331. 10. o. raised on the remaining 5,206 " Shares, which was applied as set forth in the Books of u the said Company.’,

‘The said Proportion was after this Manner; viz.

" And whereas the said new Undertakers, and others, Penfylvani* u had a considerable Number of old Shares transferred Company'!

Daniel Flcxney Thomas Aubrey Aubrey Thomas Edu ard Hankin John Hyde Thomas Vickers Gregory Norfolk JicJ'per Robins

238 238

15°

127 127 127 127* 127

1,261

" But afterwards, by a Minute of the general Meeting of the said Partnership, the whole Number of Shares of the said Company was reduced to 8,800, and i42 of the abovesaid Number of 1261 were applied to an Article in the Call) ier’s Account, which reduced the said Number of Shares, detained by the said new Undertakers, to 1119."

" When the Members of, the Companj', in a general fleeting, cjune to underfiand that the said Undertakers had detained to the.mselves lb many Shares as aforesaid, they were generally dissatisfied; upon which the grand Committee entered into a Treaty With the said Undertakers concerning the said Shares, as being unduly detained from t lie Company; nevertheless the said Committee was willing to allow the said Underr. takers a reasonable Compensation for their Pains and Charge in negociating the A (Fairs of the Company upon the Scheme aforesaid, &V.

" And Edward Hankin and Thomas Vickers, at the Request of the Company, returned each of them .70 Shares, but the rest of the said Undertakers still refuse, to return any."

" And whereas they had the said Shares generally in, other Names than their own, and Receipts for them, under the Hand of the Calhier, as all others had who. paid in Money for tfiem at Five Guineas each, that> was only to distinguish them from others, according, to the Tenure of the said Indentures of Copartnership and Scheme aforesaid,"

Vol. 28,

to them respectively, to qualify them for Members of " the Company, and in Trust to be transferred to the " new Members, as they should, from time to time, demand the fame; the said Undertakers refused to trailsfer the said old Shares to the T ruftees of the Company,

" until such Time as the Company will comply with " their Demands ofjiewShares as aforesaid, and confirm " their Detention or Application of so many, to their ".respective Uses as above specified."

And it appears to your Committee by the Books of the said Partnership, that all the 1,261 Shares aforementioned, except 71, have been aiifwered and transferred to the Use of the said Partnership:

And your Committee find likewise in the said Minute Book, the following Entries, relating to the annihilating some of the said 8,800 Shares in the said Partnership; viz.

"At a grand Committee of the Pensylvania Land " Company in London, held at the Pensylvania Coffee . " Pfoufe in Birciiin Lane, the 28th of March 1722."

" Whereas the several underwritten Persons,"

" Thomas Aubrey," " John Hyde,"

" James, llofkinsf " Aubrey Thomas

" Samuel Barons"

" are or stand iu,^rust in several old and new Shares " for, and in behalf of, this Company, the same are not " as yet so entered in this Company’s Books; it is " therefore ordered by the grand Committee of this Day, " that such Trustees be declared, or placed in, or to, " the said several Accounts of such said several and ' " respectivd Persons."

" And it is further at the same Time ordered, That " if any Receipt of Receipts is used from, or subscribed by, the Treasurer of this Company, under or subject to " to all or any such Trusts, though the same does not " appear upon any such Receipts, that the Clerk of this " Company, when the same are produced, minute their " Contents, but forbear making Transfer thereof, till " further Orders."

" At a giand Committee of the Pensylvania Land " Company in London, held at the Pensylvania Coffee " Ho use in Birchin Lane, the 5th of March 1722-3."

" Whereas a Minute was made, dated the 28th last " March, ordering the Clerk to forbear transferring fundry Shares that said Miuute referred to: And this " Committee having been advited that the Company " ought to admit all such Shares to be transferred, as " the lale Treasurer has signed and given in Account of, " it is ordered per this Committee, That the Clerk do, " for the Time to come, admit all such Shares as are " signed per the Treasurer as aforesaid."

Also the following Entry in the said Minute Book, dated the -9th 2d Month 1723:

" Vihereasjofeph Heale, Executor to John Tanner,i\t " the Requestof the Proprietors, and for. their Use, did," " on the 27th Day, of August 1720, transfer to Samuel, , " Barrons, late of Goodman's Fields, Merchant, decea-, " fed, 6 old, or 240 new, Shares of the Stock of the " Penjylvania Land Company in London, which, nevertheless, were only in Trust for the Use of the said " Company, and declared so by a Minute of the grand " Committee of the 28th March 1722

" And whereas the said Samuel Barrons, in his Lifetime, hath often been deGred to accept said 6 old " Shares, tto the End lie might be qualified to transfer " them per the Directions of the grand Committee, for " Use and Benefit of the aforesaid Land Company, but " could never be prevailed upon so to do: Now, to the " End the said Company’s Books may be rightly settied and adjusted, it is agreed per this Committee, " that the said 6 old, or 240 new. Shares be and stand " expunged, be funk, and become annihilated; and accordingly they are hereby declared fotobe, and the " Clerk is hereby ordered to Balance said Barron's Account rn the Company’s Leidger accordingly.’*

And

Eftatct.

840

Peufylvania

Company's

Ertates.

I'f.Martii. A. 1760.

And your Committee find in the said Leidger, marked A M, the following Entry; viz.

1723, April 7 th

ff Dr Samuel Barrons, in Trust,

e.

" doth more at large appear -

Your Committee also find the following Entry in the said Minute Book; viz. t( At a grand Committee of the Peufylvania Land u Company in London, held at the Peufylvania Coffee " House the 4th 5th Mo. 172%'" u Benjamin Kirton reports, That pursuant to the " Orders of the Committee of the 9th of April last, for <c the buying up Shares to be funk, he had accordingly " bought 84 Shares, (/. e.) fondry Receipts signed per u Thomas Storey, for. \ - - - 40 Shares,

" One Transfer Receipt, signed per R.

" Blundell, to Jacob Hagen for - -20 Ditto.

<c And One other Transfer Receipt, signed

" per M. Bendall, to the said Hagen for 24 D°.

In all - - - 84

iC And that the said Jacob Hdgtn had given a

Vf Shares " 1720, 061. 10. By Balance brought

> 240 from old Leidger, Fo. 21 - -

" Shares

240.

Declaration under his Hand, that the abovesaid Shares, transferred to him, are only in Trust, to be disposed of at the Discretion of the Committee; all which Receipts for said 84 Shares, said B. Kirton delivered up at the Table."

" By Order of this Committee, the above-mentioned Receipts of Thomas Storey, for 40 Shares were cancelled."

" And whereas the Shares above-mentioned to be transferred to Jacob Hagen, are posted to the Credit of his Account, in Trust for the Company, in their Books, to the End they might be expunged."

" It is agreed perthis Committee, that said Shares be and stand expunged: Accordingly they are hereby declared so to be and stand; and the Clerk is hereby ordered to balance the said Hagen's Account, in Trust, in thet Company’s Leidger accordingly."

1723.

And your Committee find in the said Leidger, marked A M, the following Entry; viz.

Cr.

<c July 4th Dr. Jacob Ilagen, in Trust for the Company.

" To Balance of this Account as per Order " of a grand Committee of this Day, whereby these " Shares stand expunged, or funk

}er-| 44 I

44

" 1723>

" Jane 20th, B

" Fo. 4. By Richard Blundell 20 " 29th. — 5. By Martin Bendall 24

<c ,.

44.

Your Committee also find in the same Leidger the following Entry; viz,

" 1720, A.

" Q&. 27th. Fo. 15. Dr. James HoJJdns, in Trust.

Shares, <c 1720, . Cp.

c< To John Walls - 1 cc 061. 10th. By Balance brought from ? r

" To Edmund Beck . - 1 " old Leidger, Fo. 22. -

" 172/5. u To Balance of this Account as by.

" Decenwfr " Order of a grand Committee of this

" Day, whereby all the Shares in this 354/

<c Account are and stand expunged, as per said Order " in the Committee Book doth more at large appear -,

Your Committee find in this saidLeidger, marked N Z, the following Entry; viz.

u D\ Aubrey Thomas, m Trust.

" To Balance of this Account, as perm March 16th. " Order of a grand Committee of this " Day, whereby all the Shares in this Account are and stand expunged, as by the saidOrder «c in the Committee Book doth more at large appear -

But your Committee do not find in the said Minute Book, either of the Orders mentioned in the said Two last Entries in the said Two Leidgers, marked AM and NZ.

Your Committee find by an Account entered in one of the Books of the said Partnership, purporting to be the Account between the said Partnership and the said Thomas Storey, their Cashier, that the said Partnership had Credit for 5,206 Shares, sold by the said Thomas Storey for Five Guineas each, for Ten of which Shares the said Thomas Storey had Credit given in a subsequent Account, as being twice included in the said 5,206 Shares, which reduced the Number of Shares sold by him to 5,196 Shares.

And your Committee find in the said Report, date4 the 23d of April 1721, the following Entrjj vizi

Cr.

520.5

" 1720.

" 061. iotb.

By Balance brought")

" from oldLeidger> 520." " Fo. 24. - -j

" December 14th. Agreed, in Consideration the c< Company’s Stock was loft, to take Thomas Storey's <c Lands at £. 9,000."

And your Committee find the Form of the printed Receipts, given out in the said Year 1720, for Shares, in the said Partnership, by the said Thomas Storey, a; Treasurer thereof to be as follows:

" N°. C. received of the Sun

" of agreed to be paid for

t€ Shares of all the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, an M Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Profits, an " Improvements, of and belonging to the Land Con c< pany of Peufylvania in London, and Naval Stoi €< Company of Bristol, and for and towards the forth u Improvement of the same in Flax, Hemp, and oth a Naval Stores and Things, subject unto the Artich

" Claus

3 3 Geo. II. 1 f

" Clauses, Trusts, and Agreements, comprised and mentioned in One Indenture of Copartnership of the said " Company in London, bearing Date the 12th Day of <c Augfijt *699; and in One other Indenture of Copartnership of the said Company of Bristol, bearing Date " the 17 th Day of April 1714, the said " to have the said Shares transferred, according to the Usage of the said Company. Witness " m v Hand the 19th Day ,of Sept, 1720. N. B. The " Bearer hereof to pay the Transfer."

And the said Mr. Paterson said, that lie had carefully examined the several Transfers in the said first-mentioned Transfer Book, and that the .220 old or original Shares in the said Partnership, appear to have been transferred, agreeable to the said Indentures, of Partnership, to Per-foi\s who composed the Partnership in the Year 1720, and split the said 220 old Shares into 8,8oo Shares:

That he had carefully looked over the said Minute Book, but had not found therein any Order, either of a general Meeting or grand Committee, to warrant or authorize fuqh Division or Multiplication, save as aforesaid -y but that it appeared by the first of said Leidgers, that in fast the said 220 old Shares were so divided or multiplied, and by the subsequent Leidger, that the said 8^00 new Shares were therein polled to the several Accounts of the Persons in whose Names the said 220 old Shares then flood.

And the said Mr. Paterson produced and laid before vour Committee an Account in Writing,which he said he had drawn from the said Transfer Books and Leidgers; and believed to be a true Account, containing the Names of the original Proprietors of the said 220 old Shares in the Year 1699, and the respective Proportions of Shares they were severally intitled to, and also the Namesof the Proprietors of the said Shares, who in the said Year 1720 fold the said 220 old Shares to a new Set of Proprietors; and also the Names of the Proprietors whose 220 old Shares were divided or multiplied into 8,800 new Shares; and also shewing that of the said 8,800Shares?, 233 Shares still remain in the said Books, in the Names of the original Proprietors thereof; and that 1158 Shares have been expunged or annihilated; and that 3,681 Shares have been transferred to, and now Hand in, the Books of the said Partnership, in the Name of Jcihn Belt, in Trust for the said Partnership; and that 3,728 Shares, Hefidue of the said 8,800 Shares, have been transferred to, and now Hand in, the said Books, in the Names of sundry Persons, as Proprietors thereof.

And the said Mr. Paterson produced and laid before your Committee a List of the several Persons Names, who, as appears by the said Leidgers, were, in the Year 1726, intitled to Shares in the said Partnership, by virtue of Transfers thereof made to them.

And the said Mr. Paterson said, that there being several Persons who, by virtue of such Receipts as aforesaid, figued and given by the said Thomas Storey in the said Year 1720, claimed to be intitled to Shares in the said Partnership, which had never been transferred to them, Notice was given in the following public Papers, which he produced and laid before your Committee; to wit, the London Gazettes of the 19th of August and 20th of September 1 735, and the Daily Advertisers of the 2 ill and 28th of August, and of the 3d and 12th of September, 1755, for the Proprietors of Shares, or the Receipts for Shares, in the Penjylvania Land Company of London, to apply unto the said Thomas Hyam and Son, in order for the preparing of an Account of the whole Number of Shares and to whom they belonged.

And the said Mr. Paterson said, that by the Papers of the said Partnership it appears, (and which he believes to be true) that at the Time of the Petitioners presenting their Petition to this honourable House, there had been 650 Shares claimed by different Persons by virtue of such Receipts, and that 22 Shares more have been since claimed.

And the said Mr. Paterson produced and laid before your Committee, a List of the Persons Names w ho have claimed the said 650 Shares, and 22 Shares as aforesaid. Vol. 28.

And to shew thatfmee the said Purchase from the said PcnfylVank William Penn, other Freehold Lands in America had c°mp*ny’* been bought on account of the said Partnership, the said ates* Mr. Pate?fan produced to your Committee Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the 23d and 24th Days of December 1720; whereby, in Consideration of £.9,000 in the said Indenture of Release mentioned to have been paid by John Haddon and Benjamin Kirton to Thomas Storey, the said Thomas Storey conveyed to the said John Haddon and Benjamin Kirton, and their Heirs, 11,534 Acres, or thereabouts, of Land in Pensylvania, in the said Indentures particularly mentioned, in Trust for the said Partnership; and also other Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the 26th and 27th Days of September 1723, whereby, in Consideration of £.500, in the said last Indenture of Release mentioned to have been paid to Peter Sonmans by John Haddon, Samuel Bonham, Samuel Turner, and John Mitford, the said Peter Sonmans conveyed to the said John Haddon, Samuel Bonhami Samuel Turner, and John M iff or d, their Heirs and Assigns, 20,000 Acres of Land, or thereabouts, in New Jersey in America, in Trust for the said Partnership.

And the said Mr. Paterson also produced and laid before your Committee an Account in Writing, drawn out as he said from the Books and Papers of the said Partnership, and which he said he believed to be a true Account, by which it appeared that 19,194 Acres, of thereabouts, Part of the said Trust Lands, have been fold for several Suras of Money, amounting to £.4,279.

13s. at different Times, from the Year 1721 to

the Year 1725 inclnfive, and have been conveyed away; so that only 72,340 Acres thereof now remain unfold, besides some Houses, Mills, and Tenements.

And to {hew that the legal Estate in the said Lands and Tenements, which now remain unfold, is veiled in Thomas Hyam, Thomas Reynolds, and Thomas How, in Trust for the said Partnership, the said Mr. Paterson produced to your Committee an Indenture of Lease, and an Indenture of Release, Bargain and Sale, inrolled hi the Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, bearing Date respectively the 14th and 15th of March 1722, whereby the said Tobias Collett, Daniel Quare, and Henry Gould-ney, who survived the said MichaelRuflell, conveyed their Ellate and Interest in the Premisses, purchased as aforesaid of the said William Penn, which then remained unfold, to John Haddon, Samuel Bonham, Samuel Turners and John Mitford, new Trustees, appointed by a general Meeting of the said Partnership the 6th Day of April 1722, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust for such Persons as then were, or then after should be, Proprietors of the said Partnership; and also One other Indenture of I^ease, and an Indenture of Release, and Bargain and Sale, inrolled in the said Court of King’s Bench, bearing Date respectively the 3d and 4th Days of December 1741, whereby the said Samuel Bonham who survived the said John Haddon, Samuel Turner, and John Mitford, conveyed his Estate and Interest in the said Premisses, which then remained unfold, to the Use of himselfand the said Thomas Hyam, Thomas Reynolds, and Adam Gouldney,

(new Trustees, chosen by a general Meeting of the said Partnership the 22d Day of October 1741) their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust as aforesaid; and also an Indenture of Lease, and an Indenture of Release, Bargain and Sale, inrolled in the said Court of King’s Bench, hearing Date respectively the 5 th and 6th Days of September 1750, whereby the said Thomas Hyam and Thomas Reynolds, who survived the said Samuel Bonham and Adam Gouldney, conveyed their Estate and Interest in the Premisses, purchased as aforesaid of the said William Pe?in, and which then remained unfold, to the Use of themselvesand William Hodgson of Thames Street, London, Oilman, and Thomas How, (new; Trustees, chosen by a general Meeting of the Proprietors of the said Partnership the 15th Day of December 1747) their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust as aforesaid; and also an Indenture of Lease, and an Indenture of Release, Bargain and Sale, inrolled in the said Court of King’s Bench, bearing 1 o E Date

79 Mar tit. A- 1760.

Pcnfylvania Dale respectively th6 30th and 31st Day9 of January 175a, whereby William Kirton, Heir at Law of the said Benjamin Kirton, who survived the said John Hadtlon, Samuel Turner, and Mitford, conveyed his Estate

fend Interest in the Premises, purchased of the said 77io-tfjaj Stony, and which then remained unfold, to the Use of the said Thomas Hyam, Thomas Reynolds, William Hodgson, and Thomas How, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trtift as aforesaid; and also an Indenture of Lease, and an Indenture of Release, Bargain and Sale, inrolled in the said Court of King’s Bench, bearing Date respectively the 21 ft and 22d Days of August 1751, where* by Henry Bonham, Heir at Law of the said Samuel Bonham, who survived the said John Haddon, Samuel Turner, and John Mitford, conveyed his Estate and Interest in the Premisses, purchased of the said Peter Sonmans, and which then remained unfold, to the Use of the said Thomas Hyam, Thomas Reynolds, William Hodgson, and Thomas How, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust as fiforesaid.

To prove that the said William Hodgson was dead, the said Mr, Pateifon produced a Probate of his last Will and Testament, under the Seal of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury.

Your Committee find by the said Minute Book, that Dr, Fothergill and John Hunt did, in 1758, offer to give £.29,000 for the Estatefc belonging to the said Partnership in Peufylvania and Nezv JerJcy, but have since declined goingon with the said Treaty.

And it appears by a Minute in the said Book of the Proceedings of a grand Committee of the said Partnership, dated the 9th Day of July 1759, that some of the Jleirs of the said Thomas Storey in Penjylvania, had of-posed the Sale of the Lands of the said Partnership, on Pretence that they could not make a good Title thereto without their Consent, as Part Owners thereof, he having been a Proprietor of Shares in the said Partnership.

And the said Mr. Paterson said, That he has heard, and believes, that the Heirs, or legal Representatives, of the said Thomas Storey, deceased, and of John Ejlaugh, deceased, who was in his Life-time the Company’s Agent in Penjylvania, and who appeared intitled to 258 Shares in the said Partnership, reside in America, and have not had any Notice of the Application by the Petitioners to Parliament, for the Sale of the Partnership Estates in America.;

SamicelSanfom being examined, said, That he believes the felling the said Partnership Estates in America, would be for the Benefit of all Persons interested in the said Partnership, and of public Utility, as the parcelling out such Lands would, according to his Judgment, tend to the better Peopling of the said Provinces of Penfyl-vania and New Jersey* s

And to Ihevv that the Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill, as the Petitioners have prayed, was made with the Approbation of the Parties interested in the said Partnership, signified by a general Meeting of them, the said Mr. Paterson produced and laid before your Committee the Daily Papers following; viz. the London Gazette of the 31st Day of March, and 3d Day of April 1759, and the Daily Advertisers of the 30th and 31st Days of March, and the 2d and 3d Days of April 1759, in each of which public Notice was given, that a general Meeting of the Owners of Shares in the Penjylvania Land Company of London, being appointed to be held at the White Lion Tavern in Cornhill, on Wednesday the 4th Day of April 1759, precisely at 3 in the Afternoon, on very special Affairs; all Persons concerned were desired not to fail attending.

And he also produced and laid before your Committee, the Minutes of the Proceedings at the general Meeting held pursuant to the said Notice, and which, , as far as concerned the said Application, were as follow; Viz.

" At a general Meeting of the Proprietors

" 1759, " of the Shares, commonly called the Pen-

April 4th. "fylvania Land Company in London, held " this 4th Day of April 1750. at the White Lion 7a-

" veni in Cornhill, pursuant to Notice from their <c Trustees, published in the London Gazettes of the 3 ift u of March and 3d Instant, and on the 30th and 31st " of March and 2d and 3d Instant in the Daily Ad* " vertifer:

" Present,

" Thomas Hyam, Chairmah,

" Thomas Reynolds,

<c Thomas How, j Stephen Roe,

Trustees.

" James Hill,

" Devereux Bozvley, " John Bland,

" James Samuel,

" Samuel Bonham,

" Daniel Zachary,

<c Luke Hinde,

" Thomas Bafdon,

" Jacob Hagen,

" Richard H010, John Roe,

Grand Committee Men,

" Jof. Fackney,

" Saniuel Ingram, cc Dr. John Fothergill,

" Robert Plumjled,

Ct Thomas Belch, iC James Crocket,

" Jonas Cockerlon,

" Joseph Cross,

" and sundry other Proprietors.

" The Chairman laid before the Proprietors now pre> " sent the Proceedings of the Trustees, and the several " grand Committees, since the last general Meeting, <c and acquainted them of the present State of the Company’s Affairs, and of a late Treaty between the " Trustees and grand Committee with John Hunt and " Doctor John Fothergill, for the Sale of all the Right " of the said Company in America; and that the said " Thomas Hyam had received a Letter from the said " Hunt and Fothergill, signifying, that they chose to " decline any further Treaty respecting the Premisses:" " And a Motion being made, and Question put, <£ That the grand Committee, or Feoffees in Trust of €S the Company’s Estates be, by this general Meeting " of Proprietors, authorised and impowered, at such " Time and Times as they shall think fit, to apply to Parliament for the obtaining One or more Act or " Acts of Parliament, for all such Purposes as they may " judge necessary relating to, or concerning, the Company’s Estates or Affairs, or the general Meetings, " grand Committees, or Feoffees in Trust, it passed in <c the Affirmative, Nemine contradicente."

And the said Mr. Paterson said, that the said several Persons, present at the said general Meeting, were intitled to 871 Shares in the said Partnership.

And the said Mr. George Hyam produced and proved to your Committee, the Consent in Writing to this Application to Parliament for Sale of the said Partnership Estates in America, of sundry Persons intitled to Shares in the said Partnership, and which Shares, together with the Shares of the Persons present at such last mentioned general Meeting, made up together 2,524 Shares.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of to impower the Moll noble William Duke of Devon- Devonshire’s shire, to make Leases, for any Term not exceeding Eltalei‘ Ninety-nine Years, of certain Estates lying in the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, devised to him by the Will of the Right honourable Dorothy Countess of Burlington, deceased, was read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Spencer’s to empower John Spencer, Esquire, to make Leases of the Manor of Wimble don, and of Lands and Grounds in Wimbledon, Barnes, Movtlacke, East Sheen, Putney, and Wandsworth, in the County of Surrey, given and devised by, and purchased in pursuance of, the Will of the Moll noble Sarah, late Duchess Dowager of Marlborough, respectively, in order for building upon and improving the same, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second tme. J

The

HP

M1

Cf'

33 Geo. II.

mints of The House being informed. That the Vestry Clerks fli Glut- of the several Parishes of Allhallows, London Wall, Saint Clement Danes, -SW/zf Lawrence Jury, and <SV7??z/ Mary Magdalen, Afilk Street, Helen, Catharine

near t he Tower of London, Saint Botolph without

London, &z/;z/ Alphage, Saint Magnus t he Martyr, London Bridge, Albans, Wood Street, and

Margaret Pattens, attended at the Door;

They were severally called in; and, at the Bar, severally presented to the House, Accounts, pursuant to the Orders of this House, of the 4th Day of this instant March, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to lay before this House, the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And they severally withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were severally read.

And the said Accounts were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till To-uiorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 28° die Martii \

Anno 330 Georgii IIal Regis, 1760.

Prayers.;

AMESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Davall:

Mr. Speaker,

Market The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, c* da ' made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*for repairing and widening t he Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon \ and by One other Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more efTe6tual, the said former Act; without any Amendment: And also, akhtTHpton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads. for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Oalc-

hampton, in the County of Devon, without any Amendment: And also,

Fagge’* ‘ The Lords have piaffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for fiftate. veil ing certain Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, settled by John Meres Fagge Esquire, upon the Marriage of Elizabeth his Daughter with Sir John Peachey Baronet, in Trustees, to convey the same to Sir William Pecre Williams Baronet; and for settling Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; To which the Lords desire the Concurrenceof this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Widening Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to

London whom the Bill for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Streets, plaflages, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for determining Disputes about re-building Houses, or the Party Walls thereof, wherein several Persons have an intermixed Property; and for the better regulating of Buildings; and to prevent Mif-chiefs that may happen by Fire within the said City and Liberties; was committed; That the Committee had considered the Petition of William Alexander, George Hooker, John Beficicke, William Blunt, Edmund Boehm, William Clarke, Jonathan Barnard, John Par doe, Za-chariahConingham, William Caldwell, William Kirk man, Honorius Combauld, Ebenezer Roebuck, John Heley, Nicholas Crisp, James Pier repoint, Thomas Birch, Philip How, Robert St re at field, Reeffen and Van Wylick, Charles Ritchie, George A [cock, Joseph Mico, John Van Rixtel, Vor.. 28.

845

John Grignoux, Thomas Litller, Nathaniel Lewifwell,

James Randall junior, Thomas Boehm, Frederick Com* merell, Abraham Chambers, Edward Barxvick, John Moorey, Nathaniel Paice, John Thomlinfon, Jcfioth Cole* brook, William Efcutt, George Hey ter, Harry' Skey,

William Jones, and Matthew Howard, Citizens of, and Inhabitants residing within, the City of London, 011 behalf of themselves and the rell of the Inhabitants of the said City of London, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,in at the Clerk’sTable.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Beynon’* Act for Sale of the real Estate of TInmias Beynon Estate. Esquire, a Lunatic, for discharging the Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for laying out the Residue of the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Thomas Beynon, and his Heirs; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fagge* for veiling certain Tenements and Hereditaments, in the £state* County of Sussex, settled by John Meres Fagge Esquire, upon the Marriage of Elizabeth his Daughter with Sir John Peachey Baronet, in Trustees, to convey the same to Sir William Peere Williams Baronet; and for settling Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A6£ Chartcm* for Sale of Part of the entailed Estate of the late Francis Estate* Charteris, Esquire; and for purchasing of other Lands, to be tettled to the same Uses; was read the First time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

The Lord Royston reported from the Committee, to Mildenhall whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Drainage. Lands and low Grounds, in the Ife of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River, South,

Plant Load and Brandon River, North, bounded on the Well by the River Ouse, and on the East by Winter Load, Earfzvell Brooke, and the hard Lands of Milden-kail; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid commonly called Invejied Lands', was committed; and to whom the Petition of Thomas Evans Esquire, and also the Petition of Alice Knightsbridge Widow, were referred; That the Committee had cou-fidered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Thomas Evans Esquire, whose Property conftfts of about 300 Acres; and except Parlridge Esquire, whole

Property conftfts of about l?oo Acres; who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and also except Seven other Persons, whose Property conftfts of about 159 Acres; who, being applied to, said, they would not oppose the Bill, but refused to sign the same; and that the whole Quantity of Land to be drained conftfts of about 18,000 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill, except t he Petitioner Thomas Evans Esquire; and that tfte Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they haddireeled him to report to the House; and.he read the Report in his Place; and

afterwards

27* — 2 8° Martii.

844

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Coomb Bow An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, andkeep- BridgeRoads. ing jn Repair, the high Roads leading from Coomb Bozv Bridge, in the Parish of Thrujhelton, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Launccfton to Halcxvorthy, in the County of Cornwall, and from Pen-nigillam Pool to Trckelleam Bridge, and from Launcefion aforesaid to Greston Bridge, and from Laburnick Cross to Jonas's Shopy and from Ptfg^ Cross to Hurdon Water, in the County of Cornwall, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An A6i for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to the Borough of Launcefion, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Burton An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the Bridge, &c. Roads leading from Burton Bridge, at or near Burton 01 upon Trent, in the Coun ty of Stafford, to Measham, in the County of Derby, and from thence to Market Bosworth, in the County of Leicester, and from thence to Hinckley, in the said County, and from Belchiers, in the Road betwixt Nelson and Ibfiock, in the said County, to Hoop-hall, near Market Bosworth aforesaid, and from Measham aforesaid to Filand, otherwise Fieldon Bridge, near Atlierfion, in the County of Warwick, and from Tam-worth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, to Market Bosworth aforesaid, and from thence, through Pecklefon, into the most convenient Part of the Turnpike Road leading from Earl Shilton to Leicester aforesaid, and from Polesworth Bridge, in the said County of Warwick, to the Guide Pofi, at the End of Pinwall Lane, where it joins the Road from Great Sheepy to Fieldon Bridge aforesaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping hi Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warzvick.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dalkeith Mr. Bacon prefen ted to the House, according to Two Pennies Order, a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or

'Scots. One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint

of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith: And tlje same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Catton An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Inciefure. for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Commons, or Wades, and common Meadow Grounds, within the Manor and Soke of Catton, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett, Mr. Moore, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Feltowes, Mr. White, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Macduff, Mr. Smith, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Montague, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pitt, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Willy, Mr. Hayward, Lord Strange, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Willes, Mr. Scott, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Buller, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Martin, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hunter, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Jeffreyes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Lincoln, Leicester, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A. 1760.

A Petition of Robert Morton Clerk, Ralph Vernon, and vyQffr Thomas Gorfi Gentlemen, Assignees or Mortgagees of NavigJt^ the Tonnage Rates and Duties, arising from the Navigation of the River Weaver, in the County of Chester, in Trust, for the several Subscribers, or Persons thereinafter mentioned, for securing£. 18,000, by them subscribed, and advanced into the said Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is brought in, to amend an Act, pafleri in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for making the River Weaver navigable, from Frodsham Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the County of Chester; and for the more effectual preserving and improving the Navigation of the said River; and alleging, that the said Subscribers now reside in different Parts of the Kingdom, and some of them at great Distances from each other, so that they cannot be got together in a short Time, nor without very great Expence, Trouble, and Inconvenience, to consult together of the Effect the said Bill is likely to have on the said Mortgage or Security; and that the Subscribers, being apprehensive that their Security will be greatly prejudiced, have applied to the Petitioners, their Trustees, to defend their Property; and taking Notice, that in an Indenture, bearing Date the 24th of July 1758, and made between Thomas Patten Esquire, John Dick inf on, and Jonathan Patten, Merchants* of the First part; Sir Peter Warburton Baronet, and the several other Persons, in the Petition mentioned and described to be Commissioners to the said Navigation, of the Second part; the Subscribers named likewise in the said Petition, of the Third part; and the Petitioners, of the Fourth part; it is recited, that the said Thomas Patten, 7ohn Dickinson, and Jonathan Patten, were the late Undertakers, or Persons concerned in making the said River navigable; and that there was then due to them, on that Account, for principal Money, £. 17,000, and for Interest £.624. 11. 6, amounting to £. 17,624. 11.6, which they had agreed to accept from the Com mi (Doners, in full of their Demands on Account of the said River, and to renounce the Undertaking, and to assign their Interest therein; and alleging, that by an Agreement, dated the 2d of January 1758, between the Undertakers, and the Commissioners and Subscribers, it was agreed, that thejf. 18,000 subscribed was agreed to be paid on the Day of the Date of the said Indenture, in manner mentioned in the Petition; and that the Repayment thereof, and Interest, at £ 5 per Cent. (liould be fecui ed by a Mortgage of the Tonnage Rates and Duties, arising from the said River, to such Persons as the Subscribers (liould appoint as Trustees for them, and to paid as the clear yearly Tonnage above all incident Expences, would raise the fame; and that the Subscribers had appointed the Petitioners Trustees for that Purpose; and taking Notice, that by the said Indenture it was declared, that inConsideration of the said £.18,000, so paid by the Subscribers as aforesaid, the said Thomas Patten,

John Dickinson, and Jonathan Patten, assigned, and the Commissioners, Parties thereto, confirmed, to the Petitioners, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in Trust, for the said Subscribers, all the Rates, Dut.ies, and Tonnage, Profits, and Advantages, arising from the said Navigation; and also the said Debt of £.17,000, so due to the said Undertakers, and all their Estate, Right^Title, and Interest, in the Premises, until the said Sum of £. 18,000, and Interest, as aforesaid, should be fully paid and satisfied,in manner in the Petition mentioned,out of the clear Produce of the said Rates, Duties, and Tonqage, which should remain, after Payment of the Charges and Expences of continuing and improving the said Navigation; and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that, in regard the said Subscribers have so great a Property in the said Navigation, proper Care will be taken that their Security may not be lessened, nor they be obliged to take in their Money in any other manner than was stipulated by the said Agreement and Security: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law in the Form it is brought in; but, if the House shall think fit to pass a Bill for the Amendment of the said l^te AS,

22 that

28° Martii.

33 Geo. If. a8° Marin. 845

that nothing may be inserted therein to alter or vary the said Security made to the Petitioners, in Trust, for the said Subscribers, so as to hurt, or any ways prejudice, their Interest, or that the Petitioners and the Subscribers may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect the Petitioners Trust, or the Subscribers Property or Interest.

Ordered, That the said Petition, so far as the same relates to the latter Part of the Prayer thereof, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon the latter Part of the Prayer of their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time in favour of the said Bill, against so much of the said Petition as is afore-mentioned.

Keirh’s A Petition of John Paterson, Agent to George Keith, Difacilities late Earl Marshal, now at Madrid, in the Kingdom of Attainder, was presented to the House, and read; alleging.

That the Petitioner, in the Beginning of this Session of Parliament, at the Desire of the said late Earl, prepared the Draft of a Petition from him to this House; setting forth the said Petitioner’s Concern for his Offence, in not having surrendered himself in Obedience to an Act, of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, whereby the said Petitioner was attainted of High Treason, and forfeited all his real and personal Estates; and also setting forth, that by an instrument of Tallie, or Procaralorie of Resignation, therein mentioned, the Lands and Barony of Kintore, which are now held by the Earl of Kintore, and would, upon his Death, without Male Issue, come to the said Petitioner, or his Issue Male, but for the Incapacity he and they labour under, by reason of the said Attainder; and also setting forth, that the said Petitioner having in a most humble and dutiful Manner made his Submission to his Majesty, his Majesty has been graciously pleased to accept thereof; and by Letters Patent, dated the 2qth Day of May, in the 32d Year of his Reign, to pardon and release the said Petitioner from the said HighTreufon and Attainder: And therefore praying, That Leave might be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the said Petitioner, and the Heirs of his Body, notwithstanding the said Attainder, to take and enjoy the said settled Estate, according to the Limitations in the said instrument of Tallie, or Procuratorie^of Resignation, and for removing any Disability in the said Petitioner, or the Heirs of his Body, by reason of his said Attainder, from taking and inheriting any Estate, that shall hereafter descend or come to him or them, or which he was intitled to, in Reversion or Remainder, before his Attainder; and also for enabling the said Petitioner, to fueor maintain any Action or Suit, and take and enjoy any personal Estate or EffeCls whatsoever, whereof he now is, or hereafter shall be, possessed, and to invest the same in the Purchase of any real or personal Estate within this Kingdom; and taking Notice, that the Usage and Custom of Parliament requiring, that every Petition presented to either House' flioqld be signed by the Petitioner, it became necessary to transmit the said Petition, so prepared by the Petitioner, to the said late Earl at Madrid, where he then was, for his Signature; and alleging, that the said Petition, duly signed by the said late Earl, is now come to the Petitioner’s Hands; but the same having, by the great Distance of the said late Earl’s said Place of Residence, been unavoidably retarded, till after the Day appointed by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills in this present Session, the said Petition cannot be presented to the House, without their special Leave and Indulgence: And therefore praying, That, in tender Consideration of the Premises, the House will give Leave, that the said Petition of the said late Earl may be now presented.

The House was moved, That the Journal of the House, of the 8th Day of March 1757, relating to the Leave given to the Duke of Richmond., Lenox, and An-Yol. 28.

bigny, to exhibit a Petition to this House, after the Time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House was informed by a Member of the House,

That the said late Earl is near 80 Years of Age.

And the House being informed by another Member of the House, That he believes the said late Earl is now at Madrid 1 because he has lately received a Letter from him, dated Madridy 23d February 1760;

Ordered, That, upon Consideration only of the very particular Circumstances, set forth in the said Petition of John Paterson, and of the Information now given to the House, Leave be given to exhibit the Petition of the said late Earl, as delired by the said John Paterson, in his said Petition, just now read.

Then a Petition of George Keith, late Earl Mareschal, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That the same of the Petitioner has been humbly represented to his Majesty, and that his Majesty gives his Consent, That the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; containing the same Allegations relating to the said Earl’s Attainder and Pardon, as are mentioned in the said last-preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioner, and the Heirs of his Body, notwithstanding his said Attainder, to take and enjoy the said settled Estate, according to the Limitations in the said instrument of Tallie, or Procuratorie of the Resignation; and for removing any Disability in him, or the Heirs of his Body, by reason of his said Attainder, from taking and inheriting any Estate that shall hereafter descend or come to him or them, which he was intitled to in Reversion or Remainder before his Attainder; and also for enabling the Petitioner to sue or maintain any Action or Suit, and take and enjoy any personal Estate or Effects whatsoever, whereof he now is or hereafter IliaII be possessed, and to invest the same in the Purchase of any real or personal Estate, within this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable George Keith, late Earl Mareschal, to sue or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him, or which he was intitled unto, in Re-verlion or Remainder, before his Attainder: And that Mr. Forrejicr and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee Way* of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider "d Mean*, further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, That they do consider of allowing a Drawback upon the Re-exportation of Rum or Sp irits of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of his Majesty’s Sugar Plantations.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of allowing an additional Drawback, not exceeding 3. 3$. upon Spirits drawn in Great Britain from Melasses, which shall be exported, or shipped for Stores.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge offeveral Augmentations to his Majesty’s Forces, since the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons for the Year 1760 was delivered, from the respective Times within mentioned, to the 24th December 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelfia Hospital, for the Year 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance 10 F and

846

28° — 3 ie

A. 1760.

av\d Education of export! and deserted young Children, from the 31st Day of December 1758, to the 29th of September 1759, have died within that Time, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Monies received and paid by the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deferred young Children, from the 31st Day of December 1758, to the 29th Day of September .1759, with the Balance then remaining, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the Children now under the Care of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, from the 31st Day of December 1759, exclu-five, to the 31st Day of December 1760, inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-re6ted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. West also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

ments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross’ed.

Sir Thomas Palmer presented to the House, according HincVley to Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing the open and Indofiat common Fields of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester:

And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Palmer have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock;

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Ilezoett presented to the Houfi, according to ciifto* Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Lands Incite in the Parish of Clifton, in the County of Nottingham:

And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewelt have Leave to make % Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Children,

Ways The House, according to Order, resolved itself into an<i Mean*, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. West also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have ’ Leave to fit again.

Rcjblvedy That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to «onfolidating resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Annuities. Upon the Bill for adding certain Annuities, granted in the Year 1759, to the joint Stock of Three per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, 29th, and 3id Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for carrying the several Duties, therein mentioned, to the Sinking Fund;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself iuto a Committee of the whole

House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed, That the Vestry Clerks Accounts of of the several Parishes of ft Lilia Hows. Barking, Saint Panfll Mildred, Poultry, St. Andrew, Underfiiafty and AlLhal-lows, Lombard Street; and also the Churchwarden of the Parish of St. Nicholas Cole Abby: attended at the Door;

They were Severally called in; and, at the Bar, Severally presented to the House,

Accounts, pursuant to the Orders of this House, of the 4th Day of this instant. Marchy for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to, lay before this House, the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And they severally withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were severally read.

And the said Accounts were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts arepreservedamongst the other Papers of this Session.

Removing Gunpowder Mdgazwie from Greenwich to Purflcet.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Applying a Sum of Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards taking down and removing the Magazine for Gunpowder, near Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and erecting a new Magazine for Gunpowder at Pur fleet, near the River of Thames, in the County of Essex, was re-committed, the Amend-18

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 310 die Martii \

Anno 330 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

ABILL for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon,&c Brecon, to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford; and for building a Bridge over the River Wye, at Bredzvardine Passage, in the same County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Morgan, Sir Fra?icis Dafkzcood, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Kyna-ft on, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Foley, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Daw nay,

Mr. Bacon, Lord Can/sfort, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Geo. Onslow,

Mr. Hamilton, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fletcher, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Felloiccs,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Vvner, Mr. Smith,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Nor they. Sir William Beau champ Proctor. Mr. Robinson, General Corn-zvallis, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Brand, Sir James Cole-broke, Lord Galway, Mr. Hume, and all the Members

who

Go

3 3 Geo. II. 31

who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Worcester, Salop, and Monmouth', and for the Principality of (Vales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

PTmchelsea Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to:the

Wr.t. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ^electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Winchelsea, in the County of Suffer, in the room of George Gray Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of Steward of his Majesty’s Manor of Old Shorcham, in the County of Stiffez.

Deanbum The Lord Register of Scotland reported from the Corn-

Bridge, &c. mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the &°ad. Road fvomDeanburn Bridge, through Soulrahill, by Chan-

nelkirk, Greenlaw, and Antonjhill, to the River Tweed, at Coldflrcam; and for building a Bridge cross the said -River from Coldfiream to the of polite Shore; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill and made Several Amendments t hereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Exportation Ordei'ed, That there be laid before this House, the

of Culm, Report of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, on the Memorial of John Symmons Esquire, relating to the Fees on the Exportation of Culm from the Harbour of Milford.

Removing An ingrossed Bill for applying a Sum of Money Gunpowder granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards taking from 210* down and removing the Magazine for Gunpowder near Greenwich Greenzvich, in the County of Kent, and erecting a new to Pur fleet. Magazine for Gunpowder at Pur fleet, near the River of Thames, in the County of Ejjc.r, was read the Third time.

Refulved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for taking down and removing the Magazine for Gunpow'der, and all Buildings thereto belonging, situate near Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and erecting instead thereof a new Magazine for Gunpowder at Purflect, near the River of Thames, in the County of Essex; and applying a Sum of Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards those Purposes; and for obviating Difficulties arisen upon an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for making Compensation for Lands and Hereditaments, purchased for his Majesty’s Service, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp Proctor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kidderminster An ingrossed Bill for the amending, widening, and Roads. keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Ilovje in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, r\ hat Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Halifax, An ingrossed Bill for diverting, altering, widening, Ac. Roads, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Halifax, in the County of York, by Todmerden, to Burn-

Vol. 28.

ley and Littlebrovgh, in the County' of Lancaster, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 32. L. 16. To Leave out from " said" to c< Lands," in L. 20.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Littleborough, in the County of Lancaster.

Then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Justices of Scotch Peace, and Commissioners of Supply, of the Shire of Ayr, met at Ayr the 19th of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Years, was presented to the House, and read; testifying the Approbation of the Petitioners of that wife and salutary Measure which has lately taken place in South Britain, the Establishment of a regular Militia; and alleging, that the Petitioners lliould think themselves wanting in their Duty to their Country, lliould they on this Occasion omit representing to the House the Petitioners ardent Willies to fee the Benefit of that wife and salutary Measure extended to North Britain; and which they have the greatest Reason to hope for, as by the Articles of Union they are undoubtedly intitled to be on the same Footing; and that the just Dread which that defenceless Part of the Country was thrown into from the late threatened Invasion, by a contemptible Number of French, under Thurot, will, the Petitioners hope, open the Eyes of those who perhaps never thought of it before, and convince them, that, both from Necelftty and Justice, the Power of Self-defence ought to be equally granted ro the whole People of the United Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Connderation, and to do therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be read a Second time.

Mr. West, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to give a proper Compensation to the respective Provinces in North America, for the Expences incurred by them, in the Levying, C!otbing and Pay, of the Troops raised by the fame, according as the aiftive Vigour and strenuous Efforts of the respective Provinces shall be thought by his Majesty to merit.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to be paid to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, towards enabling them to defray the Expence of a military Force in their Settlements, to be maintained by them, in lieu of the Battalion of his Majesty’s Forces, commanded by Colonel Adler cron, Withdrawn from thence, and now returned to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ThataSuin,notexceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds,

be

848 3*° MarA. 1760,

fee granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for out Pen-iioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-four thousand One hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of several Augmentations to his Majesty’s Forces, since the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons, for the Year 1760, was presented, from their respective Commencement, to the 24th Day of December' 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Forty-four thousand One hundred Fifty-seven Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children to maintain, educate, and bind Apprentice,such Children as were admitted into the said Hospital on or before the Eighth Day of February 1760: And that the saidSum be issued and paid, for the Use of the said Hospital, without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ways Mr. West, according to Order, reported from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered n at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Duties charged upon Rum or Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture, of his Majesty’s Sugar Plantations, imported into Great Britain, be drawn back upon the Re-exportation thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Than an additional Drawback or Allowance of Three Pounds Three Shillings per Ton be allowed upon the Exportation of Spirits, drawn in Great Britain, from -Melasses, over and above all other Drawbacks and Allowances payable thereupon.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. West, Mr. OJivald, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for ini powering the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Custom charged thereon, and to lodge the same iu Warehouses, at their own Expence.

Weight* and The House was moved, that the 2d, 3d, 8th, and Measures. gth, Resolutions of the House, of the 2d Day of June 1758, relating to Weights and Measures, and which, upon the 10th Day of December last, were read, might be again read:

' And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the 4th, 9th, and 10th, Resolutions of the House, of the 12th Day of April last, in the laftSeftion of Parliament, relating to Weights and Measures, and which, upon the coth Day of December last, were read, might be again read:

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Order of the House, of the 2d Day of June 1758, that the Boxes containing the Standards referred to in the ReporJ, which, upon the 26th Day of May 1758, was made from the Committee appointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom; and to consider the Laws relating thereto; and to report

their Obfeivations thereupon, together with their Opinion of the most effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures, to be nfed for the future; should be locked up by the Clerk of this House, and kept by him; might be read: '

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Order, made upon the 4th Day of December 1758, for referring to the Committee appointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom; and to consider the Laws relating thereto; and to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion of the most eflfectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures, to be used for the futurethe Troy Pound Weight contained in One of the said Boxes; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Orders of the House, of the 12th Day of April last, in the last Session of Parliament, that the Troy Pound Weight, which, upon the said 4th Day of December, was referred to the said Committee, and also the several Weights, the Pattern of a Weight, and also the Model of a Handle for a Half Hundred Weight, referred to in the Report, which, upon the nth Day of April 1759, in the last Seftiou of Parliament, was made from the said Committee; should be locked up by the Clerk of this House, and kept by him; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House was informed by a Member of the House,

That a Copy of the said Standard Yard, and Copies of the said Standard Pound, and Models or Patterns of the Parts thereof, and also Multiples of the said Pound, have been prepared.

Ordered, That the Boxes containing the said Standard Yard, and the said Standard Troy Pound Weight, and other Weights, be now brought to the Table.

And the same were accordingly brought to the Table by the Clerk.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine, compare, and adjust, the said Copies, Models, Patterns, and Multiples, with the said Standards and Weights now brought to the Table: And, when adjusted and made agreeable to the said Standards and Weights, to lay such Copies, Models, Patterns, and Multiples, before this House.

Ordered, That the Gentlemen, who, upon the 7th Day of February last, were appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, upon the Resolutions that Day read, relating to Weights and Measures, and also upon the Resolutions that Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and agreed to by the House, or any Five of the said Gentlemen, be the said Committee:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to adjourn from time to time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit; and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Standards and Weights, now brought to the Table, be referred to the said Committee.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common and Anlb open Fields of Anfiy, in the County of Leicester, was lacloiuIt read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Geo. Savile, General Cornwallis, Mr. Burrell,

Mr. West, Mr. Martin, Sir Geo. Yonge, Mr. Fellowes,

Lord Carysfort, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. OJivald, Mr. Hume,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Robinson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. TownJJiend, Mr. Hezoett, Mr. Kynaston; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Derby, Nottingham, Wartuick, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message

33 Geo. II.

31° Martii. — 1°

Supply Bill; Duties on Spirits.

Wye Rif er.

Haleworthy

through

Camelford

Roads.

Seagrave

Inclosure.

Hawksworth

Inclosure.

Hart (hill Inclosure.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing the excessive Use of spirituous Liquors, by laying additional Duties thereon; for Shortening the Prohibition of making low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Grain, and from Meal, Flour and Bran; for encouraging the Exportation of British-made Spirits; and for more effectually securing the Duties payable upon Spirits, and for preventing the fraudulent Re-landing or Importation thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending and continuing the Navigation of the River Wey, otherwise Wye, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Godalming, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Hale-worthy, in the Parish of Davidstow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wade Bridge, in the said County, and from the West End of Wade Bridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Sea-grave, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the dividing and inclosing the open Fields, Meadow, and common Pasture Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Hawksworth, in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or open Piece of w’afte Ground, in the Parish or Township of Hartjhill, with Woodhall, in the County of York.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesdayMorn-ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply Bill; The other Order of the Day being read, for the House

Con locating to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Annuitit#. upon the Bill for adding certain Annuities, granted in the Year 1759, to the joint Stock of Three per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, 29th, and 32d, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned, to the Sinking Fund;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for cancelling such Lottery Tickets as were made forth, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and were not disposed of; and also for cancelling the Duplicates of such Tickets.

Ordered, That the Account of the N umber of Lottery Tickets, that were made forth, in pursuance of an Act of the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and were not disposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Vol. 28.

Supply.

Ways %nd Means.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments theteunto; which they had directed him to report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, That the Vestry Clerks of Accounts of the several Parishes of Saint Luke Middlesex Saint Mar- {krish tin Outwich, Saint Peter Cornhill, Savit Botolph Bishops- Chl drcn* gate, and Saint Mary, Abchurch, attended at the Door;

They were severally called in; and, at the Bar, feve- rally presented to the House,

Accounts, pursuant to the Orders of this House, of the 4th Day of this instant March, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to lay before this House, the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And they severally withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were severally read.

And the said Accounts were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the pther Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mar thy 1* die

Anno 330 Georgii IId| Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

A

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner

and Mr. Browning

Hinckley, &c. Roads#

Beacon afield, &c. Road.

Dunchurchi &c. Road.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the high Roads from Hinckley to Woefull Bridge, and also from Hoo-Ash-Lane through Old Lane, and from Swarming ton to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from Ibfock to Measham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxon, without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers contained in Two several Acts of Parliament, made in the Twelfth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Dun Cow, in the Town of Dunchurchy to the Town of Hillmorton, in the County of Warwick, and from thenee to Saint James's End, in the Parish of Dufton, in the County of Northampton’, and for making the same Acts more effectual; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases, and Copies, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of to impower the Most noble William Duke of Devonshire Devonshire’rf to make Leases for any Term, not exceeding Ninety- at#s* nine Years, of certain Estates, lying in the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, devised to him by trie Will of the Right honourable Dorothy Countess of Burlington, deceased> was read a Second time.

10 G Befolvedj

Duchy of Cornwall Ltafes, &c.

856 i Aprilis.A. 1760.

i?^/i;<frf, Thatthe Bill be committee) to General Conz- And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

wallis, Sir Geo. Savile, Lord Royfion, Mr. Brand, Lord put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill G«?; Cavendifii, Mr. Nor they, Lord Frederick Cavendish, was amended at the Table accordingly.

Mr. Montagu, Lord Jo/w Cavendish, Mr, Hewett, Mr. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Grosvenor, Mr. Thomas Tozvnjhehd, Sir Francis Dash- be, An Act for the amending, widening, and keeping in Mr. jenyns, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Middleton, Mr. Staunton, Sir ITw. Peere Williams, Mr. Stone, at the upper End of Stone Street in the! own of Thoroton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Poole, Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. JFbr- called Tafo Late, in the Parish of Cranebrooke, in tho refer. Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Taid County.

Mv.Robinson, Mr. Vyner, Mr. A/o??, Mr. WatJ'on, Mr. Ordered, That Mr. Fairfax do carry the Bill to the ioftwc, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lvfter, Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Jtf/m Philipps, Mr. P///, Mr. Willy, Mr. Low}ides. Sir Armine Wodehonfe, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr/Crc/-rtW/, Sir Crofe, Mr. Webb, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte,

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, Derby, and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Spencer* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. impower Je/w Spencer Esquire to make Leases of the Manor of Wimbledon, and of Lands and Grounds in Wimbledon, Barnes, Morllacke, East Sheen, Putney, and Wandsworth, in the County of Surrey, given and devised by> and purchased in pursuance of, the Will of the Mod noble Sarah late Duchess Dowager of Marlborough, respectively, in order for building upon, and improving, the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Cer/z- xvallis, Mr. Chelzcytid, Lord Royfion, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Gee. Savile, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Gee. Cavendish, Mr. Brand, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Hewett, Mr. CVzZ-thorpe, Mr. Fuller, Lord Middleton, Mr. Hanger, Lord Cary fort, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Thomas Towmjhend, Sir 7e/*/z Crosse, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Webb, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Moore, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Northey, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Clive, Mr. More, Mr. Willy, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Foley, Sir JeAzz Philipps, Mr.

Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Forrefier, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Fletcher; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Sussex, and JfewZ: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Arddey A Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Common in Inclosure. the Township of Ardcley and Parish of Darfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Gajhry, General Cornwallis, Mr. Hewett, Lord Royfion, Nix. Fane, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Staunton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Nlv. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Thoroton, Lord Caiysfort, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Northey, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Shiith, Mr. Gore, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. C/zbe, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Jo/m Crofe, Mr. More, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Wilk infan, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. JWzzz P/Z/, Mr. Zow/zcfev, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. A/ore, Mr. 7Fc/Z, Mr. Hanger, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. ff7ZZj/, Mr. For refer, M r. Jenyns; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West-vioreland, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of tlieClock,in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Maid (lone. An ingrossed Bill for the amending, widening, and

*c. Roid. keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the Upper End of Stone Street in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place, called Tubs Lake, in the Parish of Cranebrooke, in the said County, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following \^as ptoposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 13. L. 14. To leave out "'Nine," and insert u Fifteen."

An ingrossed Bill for draining and preserving certain tffiMenfail Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Ijle of Ely, and Drainage, Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between MUdenhail River, South, Plant Load, and Brandon River, North, bounded on the West by the River Ouse, and on the 'East; by Winter Load, Earfwell Brooke, and the Hard Lands of MUdenhail; and for empowering the Governor,

Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invcjled Lands; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, and Low Ground^, in the Ijle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between MUdenhail River,

South, Plant Load, and Brandon River, North, bounded on the West by the River Ouse, and on the East byWinter Ij)ad, Earfwell Brooke, and the Hard Lands of Milden-hall; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands.

Ordered, That the Lord Royfion do carry the Bfll to the Lords, arid desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to MarqoW enable John Earl of Hopetoun, Curator of Law to George An|a^* Vanden Bempde, Marquis of Annandale, his Unde, a Lunatic, and the' Curator of Law of the said Marquis, for the Time being, to grant Feus of certain Lands,

Houses, and others, in the County of Dumfries; and to exchange the Lands therein mentioned: was read-a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Veitch,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. More, Sir Francis Dash-wood, Mr. Staunton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Buller, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, General Cornwallis, Mr. Hanger, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fane, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Fellowes, Sir William Owen, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Northey, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Smith, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Hewett, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Amcotts, S\r Edmund Isham,

Mr. Foley, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Thoxotoiu Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Vyner, Sir Armine Wodehoitfe, Mr. Coke, Mr. Crcf-well, Mr, Cartzvright; and all the Members who serve for North Britam: And they are to meet this After* noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Occupiers of Tenements, ScttWi under certain yearly Rents, from gaining Settlements in any Parish, Town, Hamlet, or Place, by ’(ealbn of Ljnd iu their being rated to the Land Tax, and paying such Rates for their Landlords, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act to prevent Occupiers of Tenements, under certain yearly Rents, from gaining Settlements in any Parish, Town, Hamlet, or PJace, by reason of their being rated to the L&nd Tax.

Ordered, That Sir John Crofe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wefi, according to Order, reported from the Com- Supply] mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for adding CoribWi

certain

33 Geo. II*

Certain Annuities, granted in the Vear 1759, to the joint Stock of Three per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts Of the 25th, 28th, 29th, and 32d, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for carrying the several Duties, therein mentioned, to the Sinking (Fund; was committed; the Amendments which the'Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hisPlace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally ;put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hinckley A Bill for inclosing and dividing the open and common

lndosure. Tields of Hinckley, in the County of LeiCeJler,was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Geo. Savile, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Kynafon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cartivright, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Hewett, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fane, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Cref well, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Nor they, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Amcotis, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Hanger, General Cornwallis, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkin-fan, Mr. Anson, Sir Armine Wodehcufe, Mr. Hume, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Alderman Dickinson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Derby, Warwick, Nottingham, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Symmons-i The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from Memorial, the Treasury,^attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, "Report, 26th March 1760, on <s the Memorial of JohnSymmons Esquire, in behalf of 4< himself and many other Inhabitants of the several <c Counties of Pembroke, Cardigan, and Merioneth,from €e the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Lords Com-<c missioners of his Majesty’s Treasury."

And then he withdrew.

And Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be pernfed by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of The House being.informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Tea* seized. Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities and Produce of Teas seized and condemned in Scotland, from the 25th December 1746, to Michaelmas 1759 j distinguishing ea?h ^ifear; as also the Kinds of Tea.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table* to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Pitt*. The ^ou^e being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Teas seized and condemnedTn Scotland, from 25th December 1746, to Michaelmas 1759.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Vol. iS.

u

Ordered, That the said Account do lieupontheTablei to be perused by the Members of the 'House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of jjhis Sefiioh.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for taking into Pensylvania further Consideration the Report, which, upon Thursday Company’* last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Peti- Estates* tion of Thomas How, John Bland, Stephen Rowe, Deve-

reux Bowley, Luke Hind, James Hill, and Thomas JackJ'011, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the present Trustees and Grand Committee of the Partnership, called the Pensylvania Land Company of London, and also on behalf of all other Persons interested in the said Partnership, had been referred* be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the further Consideration of the said Report.

And the said Report was again read.

Ordered, That Leave be given'to bring in a Bill for veiling certain Estates in Pensylvania and New Jerfeij,

belonging to the Proprietors of a Partnership, commonly called the Pensylvania Land Company in London, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising therefrom, and other the Eft ate belonging to the said Partnership, in Manner and for the Purposes in the Bill to be mentioned: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Rob inf on Morris, Mr. Moore, and Mr*

Frederick Montagu, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Comm i ttee be appointed loeonfider of Amerir an proper Methods to be offered to the House, for giving Estatei* Notice to such as may be concerned in private Bilfe, brought into this House, relating to Estates in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America.

And a Committee was appointed accordingly of Mr.

1Webb, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Forrester, Mr.

RofeFuller, Sir JohiPhilipps, Mr. Moore, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Robinson Morris, Sir Francis Dashwood,

Lord Carysfort, Sir Geo. Savile, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Thornton, Lord North, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Lord Royfton, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Vyner,

Sir Thomas Palmer, Lord Strange, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Crqffe, Mr Lowndes, Mr. Anson, Mr. Fellowes,

Mr. Henry Grenville, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Oswald, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr: Plump-tre, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hewett, Sir Lionel Pilkington,

Sir Wm. Beauchamp Prohor, Mv.Kynaston, Mr. Bowes,

Mr Sandys, Mr :Nor they, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Freeman,

Mr. Martin, Lord Register of Scotlarid, Mr. Brand,

Mr. Townshend', and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe,; and all the Merchants of the House: And thfcy are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Estimate of Majesty’s Command, Military

Estimate of the Charge of Cloathing for the Em- cloathinS* bodied Militia, for the Year 1760.

And the Title of the said Efti mate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIM ATE of the Charge of Cloathing for] the Embodied Militia, for the Year 1760.

£. s. d.

8.51 Serjeants - - each at 3 10 —

846 Corporals - each at 1 15 —

683 Drummers - each at 2 — —

16,598 private Men - each at 1 10 —

£ d-

2,978 JO -

1,480 10 —

1,366-----

24,897-----

30,722 — —

War Office, ift April 1760.

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members oftb* House:

A Pe-


Edinburgh

Water-

works.

85a 1* Aprilis. A. 1760.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; reciting, That, by an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, " for the better " supplying the City of Edinburgh with fresh and wholesome Water," the Petitioners were impowered to collect any Springs of Water, within a certain Distance of the Reservoir therein described, and to convey such Water to the said City, by Pipes, for the Use of the Inhabitants; and that a Method is therein laid down for ascertaining the Value or Consideration to be paid to the Proprietors of any Lands, from or through which such Springsand Water may be collected and conveyed; and alleging, that the Necessity of providing this further Supply of Water never appeared so remarkable as within these few Months past; for, during that Period, the inferior and most numerous Class of the Inhabitants have been reduced to Extremity, and those of the highest Rank have suffered the greatest Inconveniency by want of Water; and that, while this Distrefe continues, the whole City mull be exposed to the greatest Danger by every accidental Fire, which, from the Height and Closeness of the Buildings, may be more fatal there than in any other City; and that the Petitioners, in prosecuting the Purposes of the above Statute, were opposed by a Gentleman, from whose Grounds they proposed to derive a Supply of Water to their Reservoir, which they could find no where else so good and so convenient; that this became the Subject of a Law Suit before the Sheriff of the County, and afterwards before the Lords of Session, which rendered the Petitioners uncertain, whether the above Statute would be effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, or not; which Uncertainty has been only removed by a Judgment of the Lords of Session, pronounced upon the Twelfth Day of February loft, whereby the Petitioners are now at Liberty to prosecute the further Execution of the above Statute; and that the Petitioners find, from a late Survey and Estimate, that the Expence of providing the City with Sufficiency of Water will be . attended with much greater Expence than was apprehended, at the time the above Act was passed; and that such Expence cannot be provided for without Authority of Parliament; and that, as these Reasons for an immediate Application to Parliament have but lately occurred, the Petitioners thought it their Duty, without . further Delay, to do every thing in their Power for the immed iate Relief of the Inhabitants, and the Preservat ion of the City itself, and flatter them selves, that the Necessity of the same will move the House to allow a Bill to be brought in for rendering more effectual the Purposes of the former Act, notwithstanding their Resolution, of the 14th of November last, to receive no Petitions for private Bills after the 26th Day of January now past: And therefore praying, that in respect of the special Circumstances, and great Necessity of this Cafe, to receive their Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for the more effectual carrying into Execution the Act of the 29th of his Majesty above-mentioned, and for providing a Fund for carrying the Purposes of that Act into Execution.

And the House being informed by several Members of the House, That the several Circumstances set forth in the said Petition had happened as is therein described; and that, if some further Provision be not speedily made, the said City will, from want of a sufficient Supply of Water, be exposed to great Danger by Fire;

Ordered, That, upon Consideration only of the very particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, and of the Information now given to the . House, Leave be given to exhibit aPetition for bringing in a Bill, as desired by the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, in their laid Petition just now read.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; containing the same Recital, as i mentioned in the said last preceding Petition; and alleging, that the Petitioners find, that a considerable Sum will be necessary for carrying the said Act into Execution, and particularly a great Expence must be laid out in digging for and collecting the Springs, and laying the Pipes through the fame, building Reservoirs and erecting Stopcocks, and for defraying the Expence of the Carriages which will be wanted, and for purchasing and laying the Pipes, besides what must be paid to the Proprietors, in whose Grounds the Springs are found, or through which it may be necessary to conduct the Water; and a further annual Expence will be necessary for keeping these Works in Repair; and that the Petitioners find, that the ordinary Revenue of the Town is altogether insufficient for answering those Purposes; and that, as the providing the Town with fresh and wholesome Water, is of the utmost Importance to every Individual, so it is just and reasonable, that the Expence should be levied from the Heretors, and other Inhabitants, in such Manner as the House shall judge proper: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for granting to the Petitioners a Power to levy from the Heretors, or other Inhabitant?, of Edinburgh, such Sum as shall be necessary for executing the Purposes of the said Act of the 29th of his present Majesty, and such further annual Sum as shall be required for keeping in Repair the Pipes, Reservoirs, and other Works, employed for providing the City with Water.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ofxvald, Mr. Pole, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Veilch, Mr. For-refier, Lord Middleton, Mr. Hope, General Cornwallis, Mr. Nor they. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Thomas Tozvnjhend junior, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Muir, Sir William Peeve Williams, Mr. Bacon, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Robinson, Lord Carys/ort, Mr. Townshend, Sir William More ton, Mr. Hume, Mr. Grenville, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Webb, Mr. T7iorotonyS\r John Crojfe, Mr. AldermanDickinson, Lord Hany Powlett, Mr. Henry Grenville, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Sandys. Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Chetwy?id, Mr. Moore, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Samuel Martin, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Calthorpe, Sir FrancisDajhwood, Sir Thomas Staple-ton; and all the Members who serve for North Britain, And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Lord North be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Heretors of the Shire of Edinburgh, legally convened by the High Sheriff at Edinburgh, the 19th Day of March 1760, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners being fully convinced, that, in Times of Danger, no Expedient for the Defence of the Kingdom is more constitutional and effectual, than a-well disciplined Militia; and that the Petitioners have observed, with Pleasure, how far an Establishment of this Kind has contributed towards the Safety of One Part of the Island, while they behold, with Regret, the Danger to which the other Part of it has been exposed from their want of the same Means of Safety; and representing to the House. the defenceless State of Scotland, whose extensive Coasts

lie

Supply Hill; Export* of Rum,it*

Scotch

Militia

Laws.

33 Geo. II. i° — a9

lie open to the Invasion of the Enemy, while the regular Troops areneceflarily employed in protecting the distant Possessions of Great Britain, or are prudently drawn towards the Center of the Kingdom; and that the Inhabitants of that populous County discover the most ardent Zeal to exert themselves-in maintaining our happy Confutation, and insupporting our most gracious Sovereign: And therefore praying, That a Law may be enacted for establishing a Militia in Scotland, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem proper, that thereby such an Addition may be made to the internal <and constitutional Strength of the Nation, as will render it more secure in itself, and more formidable to its Enemies.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. be read a Second time.

litiaMen’s Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

[amllies limiting, confining, and better regulating, the Payment ilowance. weekly Allowances made by Act of Parliament lor

the Maintenance of Families unable to support themselves,during the Absence of MilitiaMen embodied add ordered out into actual Service, and for amending and improving the Establishment of the Militia, and lessening the Number of Officers of the Militia intitled to Pay, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr. John Pitt, Sir John Philipps, the Lord North, and Mr. Nor they, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2° die Aprilis;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

iMeullier’s O I R Robert Long reported from the Committee, to Estate. O whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate of Smart Lcthieidlier Esquire, in the County of Fffex, and for layingout the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee 5 and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Freeman’s Mr. Wilkes reported from the Committee, to whom Estates. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance of certain Estates, in the County of Northampton, Part of the entailed Estate of John Freeman Esquire, in him, in Fee-simple; and for settling other Estates, in the Counties of Wilts and Middlesex, in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee bad examined, the AHegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

bomas’s Sir John Morgan reported from the Committee, to ilhte. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the real Estate of James Thomas Esquire, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement between his Heir at Law7 and Devi fee for that Purpose, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had Vol. 28.

directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Beynon's for Sale of the real Estate of Thomas Beynon Esquire, a Estate* Lunatic, for discharging the Incumbrances abetting the fame; and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Thomas Bey-11011 and his Heirs; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Boje Fuller, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Forrester, Mr. LulterelI,

Mr. Symons, Mr. Wilkin fan, Mr. Boynton, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Thistlethwayte, Mr. Wittes, Mr. Shelley,

Lord Gage, Mr. Hobart, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Robin-fan. Sir Thomas Palmer, My. Bacon, Mr. Gybbons, Mr.

Fc llowes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hezocli, Sir Robert Long,

Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Gqfhry, Mr. Budgen, General Cornwallis, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Smith, Mr. OJhaldcston, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Foley, Mr. Wat* son, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Colebronke,

Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Crafter. Sir John Gordon, Sir Geo. Savile,

Mr. Gore, Sir John Crofe. Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Cholniley,

Mr. Drake; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Bedford, Bucks, and Middlesex; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fagge’s for veiling certain Tenements and Hereditaments,in the Estate. County of Sussex, settled by John Meres Fagge Esquire, upon the Marriage of Elizabeth his Daughter with Sir John Peachey Baronet, in Trustees, to convey the fame1 to Sir William Peere Williams Baronet; and for settling '

Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Cholmley, Lord Middleton, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Ilezvett, Lord John Cavendish, Mr.

Thomas Townshend, Mr. GaJhnj, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ryder, General Cornwallis, Mr. Staunton,

Sir Charles Mordavnt, Mr. Smith, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr.

Burrell, Lord Rovfton, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Thomas Hales,

Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Geo. Onjlozv, Mr. f loore. Sir John Crofje, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Watson, Mr. Rubinfon, Mr.

Cr after, Mr. Fellowes, M r. Wilkes, Mr. Fane, Mr. Veitch,

Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Lntterell, Mr. Fletcher, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Symons, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Sandys,

Sir John Gordon, Mr. Kynaston, Sir James Creed, Mr.

Foley, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Freeman, SWThomas Palmer,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Francis Dq/hwood, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Roger Mo/lyn, Mr. Daumay, Mr. Coventry,

Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Drake, Mr. Chester, Mr. Walpole and all the Members who serve for the Counties oi'Safer,

Kent, Surrey, and Middlesex; and for the Cinque Ports:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Charteris* for Sale of Part of the entailed Estate of the late Francis Estate Charteris Esquire; and for purchasing of other Lands to be settled to t lie same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Veitch,

Mr. Thoroton, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Ilezvett, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. IVilkes, Mr. Ryder,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Tozvnjhcnd, Mr. Clive, Mr. Soldi son, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Forrefter, Sir William Peere Williams,

Mr, Foley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Symons, Mr. Lyjler, Mr.

Fletcher, Sir John Crofe, Mr. Lozctides, Mr. Lulterel!,

Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Chester,

Mr. Gajhry, General Cornzvallis, M r. Walpole y Sir Charles 10 H Mordaunt.

8$2 i° Aprilis. A. 176a.

nburgh A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Water- Council, of the City of Edinburgh, was presented to wor 8‘ the House, and read; reciting, That, by an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his Majesty's Reign," for the better " supplying the City of Edinburgh with fresh and wholesome Water,*' the Petitioners were impowered to collect any Springs of Water, within a certain Distance of the JRefervoir therein described, and to convey such Water to the said City, by Pipes, for the Use of the Inhabitants; and that a Method is therein laid down for ascertaining the Value or Consideration to be paid to the Proprietors of any Lands, from or through which such Springs and Water may be collected and conveyed; and alleging, that the Necessity of providing this further Supply of Water never appeared so remarkable as within these few Months past; for, during that Period, the inferior and most numerous Class of the Inhabitants have been reduced to Extremity, and thofeof the highest Rank have suffered the greatest Inconveniency by want of Water; and that, while this Distress continues, the whole City must be exposed to the greatest Danger by every accidental Fire, which, from the Height and Closeness of the Buildings, may be more fatal there than in any other City; and that the Petitioners, in prosecuting the Purposes of the above Statute, were opposed by a Gentleman, from whose Grounds they proposed to derive a Supply of Water to their Refer-voir, which they could find no where else so good and so convenient; that this became the Subject of a Law Suit before the Sheriff of the County, and afterwards before the Lords of Session, which rendered the Petitioners uncertain, whether the above Statute would be effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, or not; which Uncertainty has been only removed by a Judgment of the Lords of Session, pronounced upori the Twelfth Day of February last, whereby the Petitioners are now at Liberty to prosecute the further Execution of the above Statute; and that the Petitioners find, from a late Survey and Estimate, that the Expence of providing the City with Sufficiency of Water will be attended with much greater Expence than was apprehended, at the time the above A6fc was passed; and that such Expence cannot be provided for without Authority of Parliament; and that, as these Reasons for an immediate Application to Parliament have but lately occurred, the Petitioners thought it their Duty, without further Delay, to do every thing in their Power for the immediate Relief of the Inhabitants, and the Prefervation of the City itself, and flatter themselves, that the Necessity of the same will move the House to allow a Bill to be brought in for rendering more effectual the Purposes of the former Act, notwithstanding their Resolution, of the 14th of November last, to receive no Petitions for private Bills after the 26th Day of January now past: And therefore praying, that in respect of the special Circumstances, and great Necessity of this Cafe, to receive their Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for the more effectual carrying into Execution the Act of the 29th of his Majesty above-mentioned, and for providing a Fund for carrying the Purposes of that Act into Execution.

And the House being informed by several Members of the House, That the several Circumstances set forth in the said Petition had happened as is therein described; and that, if some further Provision be not speedily made, the said City will, from want of a sufficient Supply of Water, be exposed to great Danger by Fire;

Ordered, That, upon Consideration only of the very particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, and of the Information now given to the House, Leave be given to exhibit aPetition for bringing in a Bill, as desired by the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, in their said Petition just now read.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; containing the same Recital, as i mentioned in the said last preceding Petition; and alleging, that the Petitioners find, that a considerable Sum will be necessary for carrying the said Act into Execution, and particularly a great Expence must be laid out in digging for and cohering the Springs, and laying the Pipes through the fame, building Reservoirs and erecting Stopcocks, and for defraying the Expence of the Carriages which will be wanted, and for purchasing and laying the Pipes, besides what must be paid to the Proprietors, in whose Grounds the Springs are found, or through which it may be necessary to conduct the Water; and a further annual Expence will be necessary for keeping these Works in Repair; and that the Petitioners find, that the ordinary Revenue of the Town is altogether insufficient for answering those Purposes; and that, as the providing the Town with fresh and wholesome Water, is of the utmost Importance to every Individual, so it is just and reasonable, that the Expence should be levied from the Heretors, and other Inhabitants, in such Manner as the House shall judge proper: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for granting to the Petitioners a Power to levy from the Heretors, or other Inhabitants, of Edinburgh, such Sum as shall be necessary for executing the Purposes of the said Act of the 29th of his present Majesty, and such further annual Sum as shall be required for keeping in Repair the Pipes, Reservoirs, and other Works, employed for providing the City with Water.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ofxvald, Mr. Poky Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Veitch, Mr. For-refier, Lord Middleton, Mr. Hope, General Cornwallis,

Mr. Nor they. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Thomas Tozvnjhend junior, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Muir, Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Bacon, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Robinson, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Taumjhend, Sir William Moreton, Mr. Hume, Mr. Grenville, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Webb, Mr. T7ioroto?i, S\r JohnCrojfe, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord Hariy Powlett, Mr. Henry Gi'enville, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Sandys. Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fellozoes,

Mr. Chetwy?id, Mr. Moore, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Samuel Martin, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Calthorpe, Sir Francis Dashwood, Sir Thomas Staple-ton; and all the Members who serve for North Britain, And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Sup the Lord North be added to the Gentlemen, who are Ex* appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to of the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Heretors of the Shire of Edinburgh, legally convened by the High Sheriff at Edinburgh, the 19th Day of March 1760, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners being fully convinced, that, in Times of Danger, no Expedient for the Defence of the Kingdom is more constitutional and effectual, than a-well disciplined Militia; and that the Petitioners have observed, with Pleasure, how far an Establishment of this Kind has contributed towards the Safety of One Part of the Istand, while they behold, with Regret, the Danger to which the other Part of it has been exposed from their want of the same Means of Safety; and representing to the House. the defenceless State of Scotland, whose extensive Coasts

lie

33 GEO.IL i° — 29

Ire open to the Invasion of the Enemy, while the regular Troops are necessarily employed in protecting the distant Possessions of Great Britain, or are prudently drawn towards the Center of the Kingdom; and that the Inhabitants of that populous County discover the most ardent Zeal to exert t hemfelve&in maintaining our happy Constitution, and insupporting our most gracious Sovereign: And therefore praying, That a Law may be enacted for establishing a Militia in Scotland, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem proper, that thereby such an Addition may be made to the internal and constitutional Strength of the Nation, as will render it more secure in itself, and more formidable to its Enemies.

Ordered, That the fetid Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be read a Second time.

MilitiaMeri’s Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Families limiting, confining, and better regulating, the Payment AUoftar.ee. 0^tj)e weekly Allowances made by AS of Parliament lor the Maintenance of Families unable to support themselves, during the Absence of Militia Men embodied aild ordered out into actual Service, and far amending and improving the Establishment of the Militia, and lessening the Number of Officers of the Militia intitled to Pay, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr. John Pitt, Sir John Philipps, the Lord North, and Mr. Norjhey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2°;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1766. Prayers.

Leihieullier’s CIR Robert Long reported from the Committee, to Estate. O whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate of Smart Lethieullier Esquire, in the County of E/Jex, and for Jayingout the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee hacl directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Freeman’s Mr. Wilkes reported from the Committee, to whom Estates. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ACtfor veiling the Inheritance of certain Estates, in the County of Northampton, Part of the entailed Estate of John Freeman Esquire, in him, in Fee-simple; and for settling other Estates, in the Counties of Wills and Middlesex, in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bid in at the Clerk’s Table.

Thomas’* Sir John Morgan reported from the Committee, to

Elhte. whom the ingroifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for settling the real Estate of James Thomas Esquire, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement between his Ileir at Law and Devisee lor that Purpose, was committed. That the Coinmittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parlies concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had Vol. 28.

Aprilis. 853

directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act BeyrWs for Sale of the real Estate of Thomas Beynon Esquire, a Lunatic, for discharging the Incumbrances aftecting the fame; and for laying out the Befidue of the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Thomas Bejf-?i07i and his Heirs; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rose Fuller, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Forrejkr, Mr. Lull erell,

Mr. Symons. Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bayntun, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Thi/llelhwaijte, Mr. Willes, Mr. Shelley,

Lord Gage, Mr. Hobart, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Robin-Jim, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gyhbons, Mr.

FtHowes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hezoctt, Sir Robert Long,

Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Bud gen. General Cornwallis, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Ofbaldejloii, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Kir.

Gybbon, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Foley, Mr. Wat-fan, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Colebronke,

Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Lifter, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cr after, Sir John Gordon, Sir Geo. Savile,

Mr. Gore, Sir John Crosse. Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Cholmley,

Mr. Drake-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Bedford, Bucks, and Middlesex; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fagged for veiling certain Tenements and Hereditaments,in the Estate. County of Sussex, settled by John Meres Fagge Esquire, upon the Marriage of Elizabeth his Daughter with Sir John Peachey Baronet, in Trustees, to convey the same to Sir William Peere Williams Baronet; and for settlinir Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Cholmley, Lord Middleton, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Ilewctt, Lord John Cavendish, Mr.

Thomas Town/he nd, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ryder, General Cornwallis, Mr. Staunton,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Smith, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr.

Burrell, Lord Roifton, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Thomas Hales,

Mr. Thornton, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Moore, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wat/on, Mr. Rubinfon, Mr.

Crafter, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fane, M r. Veitch,

Mr. Prise Campbell, Mr. Luttcrell, Mr. Fletcher, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Symons, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Sandys,

Sir John Gordon, Mr. Kynq/ion, Sir James Creed, Mr.

Foley, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Freeman, SirThoj/ias Palmer,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Francis Dq/hwood, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Roger Moflyn, Mr. Dazvnay, Mr. Coventry,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Drake, Mr. Chester, Mr Walpole;' and all the Members who serve for the Comities of Suffer,

Kent, Surrey, and Middlesex; and for the Cinque Ports:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Charteris’ for Sale of Part of the entailed Estate of the late Francis Charlcris Esquire; and for purchastngof other Lands to be settled to t he same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Veitch,

Mr. Tiioroton, Lord Carysfort, Mr. llezcett. Sir John Gordon, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. IVilkes, Mr. Ryder,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. TownJJicnd, Mr. Clive, Mr. Ro-binjon, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. FeHowes, Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. AidermanDickinson, Sir Thomas Halts, Mr. For refer. Sir William PcereWilliams,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Gore, Kir. Symons, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fletcher, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Iwznidcs, Mr. LnltereU,

Mr. Cholmlqj, Mr. Cr after, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Chester,

Mr, Gafhry. General Cornzvallis, M r. Walpole, Sir Charles jo H Mordaunt,

854 2° dprilis. A. 1760.

Mordaunt, Mr. Walfon, Sir Moflyn, Sir Z.o/?g; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Adwicke An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain inclosure. open anc| common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and walteGrounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Adwicke in the Street, in the County of York, was read the Third time

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Adwicke in the Street, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Hcxvett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Boughton An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Road.C* from Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to New*, port, in the County of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parilli of Hampton on ylrden, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Ref0Iced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton on Arden, in the County of Warwick, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinjbndo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Renb Cornabl and John Daniel Luca-dou, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyjler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

PapiftsDeed* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for and Wills, allowing further Time forlnrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And that Sir John Rushout and Mr. Sandys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Leeds Bridge. A 13ill for raising Money for the finishing and completing the Repair of Leeds Bridge, in the County of York; and for the purchasing and taking down the Houses and Buildings which straiten and obfiruft the Passage to and over the said Bridge; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Hewett, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Mr, Wilkes, Mr. Fane, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Moore, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Callhorpc, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Staunton, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Smith, General Cornwallis, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Webb, Mr. Foley, Mr. Loivndes, Mr. Fellmoes, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Cartwright, Mr Symons, Sir Robert Long, Mr Tozvnfield, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fletcher, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Forrefier, Mr. Clive, Mr. Chester, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Lyjler, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Campbell, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Waljbn, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Gybbon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, NorthumberlandCumberland, West-moreland, and Lancaster; and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Forrester presented to the House, acc6rding to Kdth’iM. Order, a Bill to enable George Keith, late Earl Mareschal, *bibnc^ to sue or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding w’ his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by Reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate, that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to»him, or which he was entitled unto, in Re-verlion or Remainder, before his Attainder: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

Mr. Fellowes presented to the House, according to fletton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fields inclosure. and Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Flelton, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

A Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Dalkdib Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale, Twopraiia Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended, within the *cost-Town and Parish of Dalkeith, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Town-field, Mr. Bacon, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Foley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fellowes,

Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Lyjler,

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Sandys, Lord Middleton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lowndes,

Air. Fuller, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Robinson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Alderman Dick-in/on, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Chester, Sir Thomas Hales,

Mr. Callhorpc, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Clive, Mr. Latter ell, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Gajhry, Mr.

Gore; and all the Members who serve for North Britain:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Commit- Expiriw tee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are ex- LaW£-pired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, That the Committee had inquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- I ment, and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the 5th and 10th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 8th, 15th, 20th, and 27th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1760, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to he continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act against clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual Preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs; relating to such foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea out of any Ship or Vessel, in order to he landed, or put into any other Ship or Vessel or Boat; and also relating to Goods not reported, and found after clearing Ships, and whereby further Remedies are provided against relanding Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and foreign Goods shipped out for* Parts beyond the Seas; and also relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board Ships outward bound; and also relating to 15 hovering

33 Geo. II.

2° April

855

lioveringShips or Vessels of the Burthen of FiftyTons or the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near unrier; and also concerning the Bales or Package in expiring, and fit to be continued, which Coffee shall be exported; and also relating to Rum Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

imported in Calks or Vessels not containing Twenty That so much of an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Gallons at the lead; and also relating to Certificate Reign of his present Majestv, intituled, An Act for pro-Goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland; which hibiting the Importation of Books re-printed abroad, and were to have Continuance for the Term of Three Years first composed or written, and printed, in Great Britain, from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 8ih and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as Parliament respectively; and which by several subse- impowers the limiting the Prices of Books, which Act quest Acts, passed in the Ninth Year of his said late Ma- was to continue in Force, from the 29th Day of Sep-jesty’s Reign, and in the 2d,8th, 15th, and 16th,20th, and tember 1739, for the Space of Seven Years, and from 27th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, were further thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th ment, and which, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Day of September 1760, and from thence to the End of Importation of Books re-printed abroad, and first corn-the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, posed or written, and printed, in Great Britain, by fe-and fit. to be continued. veral subsequent Acts, made in the 20th and 27th Years

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued.

That an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of Sep-late Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandellin e tember 1760, and from thence to the End of the then Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection there- next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to by, and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine, and be continued.

to subject Copper Ore, of the Production of the British Then a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declara-Coinmodities of the like Production are subject, which tion, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, was to be in Force for Two Years from the 25th according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the The First Resolution of the Committee was read a then next Session of Parliament, and which by several Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, subsequent Acts (except the Clauses obliging all Ships postponed.

and Vessels to perform Quarantine), was to have further The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being Continuance to the ill Day of June 1747, and from severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. and which by an Act, made in the 20th Year of the Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant Reign of his present. Majesty, was intended to be further to the said Resolutions, which have been agreed to by continued to the ill Day of June 1 754, but by Mistake the House: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John the Year 1747 was inferred therein in dead of the said Philipps, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Bacon, and Mr. Sandys,

Year 1 754, and which by several subsequent Acts, made do prepare, and bring in, the fame, in the 21st and 27th Years of his present Majesty’s Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentle-Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration men, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in , thereof, until the 29 th Day of September 1760, and from one of the said Bills, for indemnifying Persons who thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- have omitted to file Affidavits, and for allowing them ment, is near expiring, and fit to be continued. further Time to file the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee

That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his . of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in granted to his Majesty, That they do consider of the America, directly to any Part of Europe, foutliward of Act mentioned in the First Resolution of the Committee,

Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in, and belonging to, which Resolution was postponed.

Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, which

was to be in Force for Five Years from the 29th Day of Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Weights and September 1730, and from thence to the End of the then appointed upon Monday last to examine, compare, and Measure*. next Session of Parliament; and also an Act, made in the adjust, the Copies, Models, Patterns, and Multiples,

8 th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to continue then mentioned to have been prepared, with the Stan-the said Act, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th dards and Weights then brought to the Table, and when Day of September 1 742, and from thence to the End of adjusted and made agreeable to the said Standards and the then next Session of Parliament, and to extend that Weights, to lay such Copies, Models, Patterns, and Liberty to his Majesty’s Province of Georgia in America; Multiples, before this House, That they canfe to be which said Acts by several subsequent Acts, made in the prepared, under their Direction and Examination, a 15th/and 16th, 20th and 27th, Years of his present Ma- Pound Weight of fine Gold, equal to the Pound Weight jesty’s Reign, were further continued, from the Expira- mentioned in the 8 th of the Resolutions, which, upon the tion thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1760, and 22d Day of March 1758, were reported from the Com-from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- mittee appointed to inquire into the original Standards of liament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued. Weights and Measures in this Kingdom; and to confi-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, der the Laws relating thereto, and to report their Ob-. That an Act, made in the 7th Year of the Reign of his fervations thereupon, together with their Opinion of the present Majesty,* intituled, An Act for the Revival of an moll effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Ma- uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures jesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the to be used for the future; and which Resolution was, free Importation of Cochineal during the Time therein upon the 2d Day of June 1758, agreed to by the House. limited, and also for the free Importation of Indico, which

was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June An ingrossed Bill for adding certain Annuities, granted Supply Bill; 1734, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to in the Year 1759, to the Joint Stock of 3 per Centum Goniohdating

the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, nnumci-

which by several subsequent Acts, passed in the 14th, 29th, and 32d, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign;

20th, and 27th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, and for carrying the several Duties, therein mentioned,

was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, un- to the Sinking Fund, was read the Third time.

til the 29th Day of September 1760, and from thence to Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Vol. 28.

be

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Account of Parjfh Childien

Ditto.*

Adjournment.

Deanburn Bridge, &c, Road.

2° — 30 Aprilis. 1760.

be, An Act for adding certain Annuities, granted in the Year 1759, to the Joint Slock of Three per Centum Annuities, confofidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, 29t h, and 3zd, Years of his present Majesty's Reign; and for carrying the several Duties, therein mentioned, to the Sinking Fund; and for cancelling fuel) Lottery Tickets as were made forth in Pursuance of an Act of the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and were no#t dispoied of.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deiire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read; ,

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 14th Dav of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted lo Lis Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 14th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted 'to his Majesty.

The House being informed. That the Steward of the London Workhouse attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of Children received and discharged,

c. from the ift of January 1749, to the 31st of December 1753.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be pern fed by the Members of the House.

The fail! Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed. That the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes of Allhallows the Great, Thames Street, Allhallows Staining, St. Olave in Hart Street, St. Mary, Aldennanbury, St. John, Southwark, St. Dionis Backchurch, and St. Mary, Aldermary; and also the Churchwarden of St. James, Duke's Place; attended at the Door;

They were feverediy called in; and, at the Bar, severally presented to the House,

Accounts, pursuant to the Orders of this House of the 4th Day of March Jaft, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to lay before this House, the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And they severally withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were severally read.

And the said Accounts were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 30 die \

Anno 330 Georgii 1IJ‘ Regis, 3760.

the said River from Coldstream to the opposite Shore; was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw, and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the Tzceed, near Coldstream.

Ordered, That the Lord Register oi\Scotlanddo carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lethieailier’jj for felling Part of the settled Estate of Smart Lethieul-lier Esquire, in the County of EJfe.r, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of iiis Marriage Settlement, was read the Third time.

Rcjolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Thomas

for settling the real Estate of James Thomas Esquire, Ertate'

deceased, pursuant to an Agreement between his Heir at Law and Devisee for that Purpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the dividing and inclosing the Melt<

open and common Fields in the Parish of Melton Mow- ^owt

bray, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third nc 0 time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Free for vetting the Inheritance of certain Estates in the Eft County -of Northampton, Part of the entailed Estate of John Freeman Esquire, in him, in Fee-simple; and for settling other Estates in the Counties of Wilts and Middle sex, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John Rufiout presented to the House, according r to Order, a Bill for the allowing further Time for In- D< rolment of Deeds and Wilis made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Carysfort presented to the House, accord- W< ing to Order, a Bill for ascertaining and establishing ® uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain; and for the aflizing and adj lifting of Weights and Measures, agreeable to the said Standards: And the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Prayers.

j^ESO LV E D, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Seven-night, the 14th Day of this Instant April.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Deanburn Bridge, through Soutrahill, by Channelkirk, Greenlaw, and Antonjliill, to the River Tweed, at Coldstream; and for building a Bridge cross

A Petition of the Freeholders and Commissioners of Supply, of the County of Stirling, met at Stirling this 12th March 1760, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners, being fully convinced, that, in Times of Danger, no Expedient for the~Defence of the Kingdom isfo constitutionai and effectual as a well disciplined Militia; and that the Petitioners have observed, with PJeafure, how far an Establishment of this Kind has contributed towards the Safety of One Part of

the

Weaver

aviation.

High Peak, &c. Courts Baron.

33 Geo. II. 3 Aprilis 857

the Kingdom, while they behold, with Pain* the Danger to which the other Part of it has been exposed from their want of the same Means of Safety; and representing to the House the defencelels State of Scotland, whhfe extend ve Coasts lie open to the Invasions of the Enemy, while the great Body of regular Troops are necessarily employed in protecting the distant Possessions of Great Britain, or are prudently drawn towards the Center of the Kingdom; and that the Inhabitants of that populous County discover the moll ardent Zeal to exert themselves in maintaining our happy Constitution, and in l’upporting our gracious Sovereign: And therefore praying. That the Laws xnow in Force, fot* the raising and training the Militia in England, may be extended to Scotland, that thereby Fuch an Addition may be made to the internal andconllitutiona! Strength of the Nation, as will render it more secure in itself, and more formidable to its Enemies.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, he read a Second time.

Mr. Cholmondeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for making the River Weaver navigable from Frod/ham Bridge to Wins-ford Bridge, in the County of Chester; and for the more effectual preferring and improving the Navigation of the said River; was committed; That the Committee had confjdered the Petition o {Robert More ton Clerk, Ralph Vernon and Thomas Gorft Gentlemen, Assignees or Mortgagees of the Tonnage Rates and Duties arising from the Navigation of the River Weaver, in the County of Chester, in Trust for the several Subscribers or Persons thereinafter mentioned, for securing^. 18,000 by them subscribed and advanced into the said Navigation; to the said Committee referred; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, ns far as the Jail Amendment, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The hist Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being Clause " A," was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to the said Amendment.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Wilkes, Sir Ellis Cnnliffe; Mr. Grosvenor, Sir Boger Mojlyn, Mr. Bagot, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Barry, Mr. Vcilch, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Cartwright: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak, and Manor of Cajllclon, in the County of Derby, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before the House, an Vol. 28.

Account of the Number of Children who were living on Foundling the 26th Day of March 1760. under the Care of the Hofpual. Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children.

Ordered, That the Governors and Guardians of the Hospita] for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children do prepare, and lay before this House, an Etiimate of the Expence of maintaining, from the 8th Day of February 1760, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1760, inclufjve, fuel) Children as were received into the said Hospital between the said 8th Day of February and the 26th Day of March 1760.

Mr. Hewclt reported from the Committee, to whom Costock the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fields of Incl0Iufc‘ Cojlock, otherwise Cortlingstock, in the County of Not* tingham, and all the Lands and Grounds within the said open Fields, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Four Persons, whose Properties in the said Fields consist of about Eleven Acres, who having been applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of about 726 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to impower the Proprietors to charge their Lands with Money for defraying the Expences of passing and executing the Act.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir LionelPilkinglon presented to the House, according Bawtry to to Order, a Bill for amending and widening the Road Sheffield from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South 04 Side of Wortley, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cholmondeley reported from the Committee, to Weaver whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Navigation Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for making the River Weaver navigable, from Frodsham Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the County of Chester; and for the more effectual preserving and improving the Navigation of the said River; was re-committed, That the Committee had made One other Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom Broughton the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Sulney Fields of Broughton Sidney, i n the County of Nottingham, Inclosure.

was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to

101 the

3 140 Apr ills. A. 1760.

: the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except

Anne Hnlchinfon, who is possessed of* Two Oxgangs and an Half of Land, who, being applied to, refused to lign the Bill; and that the whole Fields intended to be inclosed consist of Ninety-three Oxgangs and an Half of hand; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the JReport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the CJerk’sTable: Where the Amend-ments were once read throughout; and then a Second-time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put ' thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Accounts of The House being informed, That the Vestry Clerks Children ^veral Parities of Christ's Church, Middlesex, St.

Bartholomew by Exchange, St. Stephen, Coleman Street, St. Christopher Le Stock, St. Michael, Crooked Lane, and also of the Hamlets of Mile End Old Town ami Mile End Nezv Town; and also the Churchwardens of the several Parishes of Saint Anllings, Budge Row, St. John the Baptist, London, St. Olave, Jewry, and <57. Margaret in Lothbury, attended at the Door;

They were severally called-in; and, at the Bar, severally presented to the House,

Accounts, pursuant to the Orders of the House of the 4th Day of March last, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to lay before this House the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And they severally withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were severally read.

And the said Accounts were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Seven-night, the 14th Day of this Instant April, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Lunce,14.0 dieA;

Anno 33* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

QRDEREDThat Mr. Walter Scott do carry to the Deanbam Lords the ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening' Bridge,&c. the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw, Road* and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick to Cornhill, in the County of Durham , and for building a Bridge over the Tweed, near Coldstream y and desire their Lordships Concurrence thereto.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Militia Majesty’s Command, Eftmatt

Estimate of the Charge of the embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain within mentioned from the respective Times that} they were embodied, and of the Fencible Men of A rgyleshire, and hor&Sutherlan cl's v

Battalion of Highlanders, in North Britain, from the Commencement of their Establishment to the 24th of December 1760.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

And the said Estimate is as followeth -, viz.

33 Geo. II. 140

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain under-mentioned; from the respective Times that they were embodied, and of the fencible Men of Argyleshire and Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain, from the Commencement of their Establishment to the 24th of December 1760.

Wiltshire, from 25th Dec. 1759, to 24th Dec. 1760, both inclusive, being 366 Days - Battalion*. I 'Number*. 896 £ s. d. 12,828 6 —

Do:fel shire, for the same time- I 765 n»571 14 —

Devonshire, for the same time ----- 4 1,844 30,817 4 —

Well Kentyior the same time - - - 1 r,. 7°4 10,720 15 —

Norfolk, for the same time - - - 2 i,i34 19,861 12 — -

Yorkshire North Riding, for the same time - - 2 856 15»414 14 —

Somerset/hire, for the same time ----- 2 958 14,908 8 —

Surrey, for the same time - - - - 2 898 13,680 8 8

Wdrxvick/hirc, for the same time ----- 1 723 10,894 12

Rerkshire, for the same time - - - 1 638 10,037 11 —

Gloitceflershire, for the fametime - - 1 571 8,655 18 —

York West Riding, for the same time ----- 3 1,429 24,857 10 —

Hertford.shire, for the same time ----- 1 669 10,376 2 —

Suffolk, for the same time - - - 2 i>i59 20,300 16 — 6,603 5 "

Huntingdonshire, for the same time - - - - 1 376

Lincolnshire, for the same time ----- 2 1,366 2I>°57 4 "

Essex, for the same time - -- -- - 2 1,139 20,117 16 —

Cheshire, for the same time - - - 1 667 10,025 7 —

Carmarthenshire, for the same time - - - - 1 222 3,891 16 —

Flintshire, for the same time ----- 1 146 2,723 13

Pembrokeshire, for the same time - 1 l99 3,672 4 —

Hants, for the same time - - - - 1 556 9,009 14 —

Rutland, for the same time ----- 1 *45 2,342 8 —

Westmoreland, for the same time ----- 1 297 5,099 12 —

Fencible Men of Argyleshire, for the same time -Earl of Sutherland's Battalion, for the same time - 1 1 L034 18,293 18 —

1 1,033 18,129 4 —

York E. Riding, from ill Jan. 1760, to 24th Dec. following, both inclusive, being 359 Days - - - 1 473 8,322 16 4

Northumberland, from 25th Jan. 1760, to 24th Dec. following, both iiiclnlive, being 335 Days - - - 1 1 646 9>3°i 16 8

Brecknock, from 25th Jan. 1760, to 24th Dec. following, both inclusive, being 335 Days ----- 1 *99 3.36x 3 4

Bedfordshire, from 4th March 1760, fro 24th Dec. following, both inclusive, being 296 Da}rs - - 1 456 5>833 *3 .4 . 1

Already voted for this Service - - . - 22,198 18,863 362,111 1 4 102,006 4 8

Remains to be provided - - - 3,335 160,104 16 8

War Office, 14th April 1760.

jBarrington.

Ordered, That the said Fftimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Pensylvania Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, accompany’* cording to Order, a Bill for vesting certain Estates in Estates. Pensylvania and New Jersey, belonging so the Proprietors of a Partner!]]ip commonly called the Pensylvania Land Company in London, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising therefrom, and other the Estate belonging to the said Partnership, in Manner and for the Purposes in the Bill to be mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Papin* Deeds A Bill for the allowing further Time for Inrolment of and Wills. Deeds and Wills made by Pap ills, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was read a Second time.

liefolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 28.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, ac- Afpley Guile cording to Order, a Bill for the incJosing and dividing Incfofure. the common Fields, common Meadows, Lammas r

Grounds, and other common and waste Lands, lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Afpley Guise, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and FIrttcm T Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Fiction, in the Incl°^ County of Huntingdon, wras read a Second time.

ResolvedfYhut the Bill be committed to Mr. Fellowes%

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cartzvright, Mr. Tuckfield, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Smith, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Herbert,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Moore, Sir John Cnfl, Mr. Hezvett, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr.

Hanger, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Hume, Sir John Gordon,

Mr. Staunton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Whichcot,

Mr. Bagot, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Plumplre, Lord Geo.

Manners, Mr. Marlin, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Townshend,

Mr. Veitch, Mr. Finch, Sir John Rvjhout, Mr. Starkie,

Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Bold, Lord Parker, Mr. Vernon, Sir

William

85 6 2° — 30 1760.

be, An Act for adding certain Annuities, granted in the Year 17^9, to the joint Stock of Three per Centum Annuities, confbfiduted by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, 20th, and 3zd, Years of his present Majesty's Reign; and for carrying the several Duties, therein mentioned, to the Sinkfng Fund; and for cancelling such Lottery Tickets as were made forth in Pursuance of an Act of the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and were 110J disposed of.

Ordered, That Mr. Well do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read; ,

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 14th Dav of this Instant April, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted lo his Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That t his House will, upon Monday Seven-

and Means. n]g{>^ the 14th Day of this Instant April, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted ao his Majesty.

Account of Tfce House being informed, That the Steward of the Children London Workhouse attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of Children received and discharged, S(c. from the iti of January 1749, to the 31st of December 1755.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be pern fed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ditto.' The House being informed, That the Vestry Clerks of the several Parities of Allhallows the Great, Thames Street, Allhallows Staining, St. Olave in Hart Street, St. Mary, AIdevmanbury, St. John, Southwark, St. Dionis Backchurch, and St. Mary, Aldermary and also the Churchwarden of St. James, Duke's Place; attended at the Door;

They were severally called in; and, at the Bar, severally presented to the House,

Accounts, pursuant to the Orders of this House of the 4th Day of March lall, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to lay before this House, the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And they severally withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were severally read.

And the said Accounts were several\y ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovu, 30 die Aprilis;

Anno 330 Georgii Hdi Regis, 1760. Prayers.

Adjournment. J^ESO LV E D, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, ad journ till Monday Seven-night, the 14th Day of this Instant April.

Deanbum An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Bridge *c. Road from Deanbum Bridge, through Soutrahill, by Channelkirk, Greenlaw, and Antonfhill, to the River Tweed, at Coldstream; and for building a Bridge cross

the said River from CelJjlream to the opposite Shore; was read the Third time.

Iiifulvcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Deanbum Bridge, through Greenlaw, and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the Tweed, near Coldstream.

Ordered, That the Lord Register of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lethienllicr’s for felling Part of the settled Ellate of Smart Leihicul-Her Esquire, in the County of Essex, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Thomas's for settling the real Estate of James Thomas Esquire, Estate’ deceased, pursuant to au Agreement between his Heir at Law and Devisee for that Purpose, was read the Third time.

Fiefolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the dividing and inclosing the Melton open and common Fields in the Parish of Mellon Mow- Mowkny bray, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third ncourCf time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the Co u n ty of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Freeman'* for veiling the Inheritance of certain Estates in the Ellata. County of Northampton, Part of the entailed Estate of John Freeman Esquire, in him, in Fee-fimpie; and for settling other Estates in the Counties of Wilts and Middlesex, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John Rushout presented to the House, according papjfts to Order, a Bill for the allowing further Time for In- Deedsaod rolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Carysfort presented to the House, accord- Weights and ing to Order, a Bill for ascertaining and establishing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain-, and for the aftizing and adjusting of Weights and Measures, agreeable to the said Standards: And the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Commissioners of Sc?^ Supply, of the County of Stirling, met at Stirling this 12th March 1760, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners, being fully convinced, that, in Times of Danger, no Expedient for the'Defence of the Kingdom isfo constitutional and effectual asawell disciplined Militia; and that the Petitioners have observed, with Pleasure, how far an Establishment of this Kind has contributed towards the Safety of One Part of

Googte-

33 Geo. II. 3° Apr Ms. 857

the Kingdom, while they behold, with Pain., the Danger to which the other Part of it ha.s been expo fed from their want of the same Means of Safety; and representing to the Mouse the defenceless State of Scotland, whole extensive Coafis lie open to the Invasions of the Enemy, while the great Body of regular Troops are nOceflarily employed in protecting the distant Possessions of Great Britain, or are prudently drawn towards the Center of the Kingdom; and that the Inhabitants of that populous . County discover the moil ardent Zeal to exert them-felvos in maintaining our happy Constitution, and in supporting our gracious Sovereign: And therefore praying. That the Laws xnow in Force, for the raising and training the Militia in England, may be extended to Scotland, that thereby such an Addition may be made to the internal and constitutional Strength of the Nation, as will render it more secure in itself, and more formidable to its Enemies.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be read a Second time.

Weaver Mr. Cholmondeley reported from the Committee, to Navigation, whom the Bill to amend an Act, paised in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Wins-ford Bridge, in the County of Chester\ and for the more elFeClual prefer v ing and improving the Navigation of the said River; was committed; That the Committee had ' ennfidered the Petition of Robert Morelon Clerk, Ralph Vernon and Thomas Gorft Gentlemen, Assignees or Mortgagees of the Tonnage Rates and Duties arising from the Navigation of the River Weaver, in the County of Chester, in Trull for the several Subscribers or Persons thereinafter mentioned, for securingjf. 18,000 by them subscribed and advanced into the said Navigation; to the said Committee referred; and that the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Jail Amendment, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being Clause " A," was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committ&d, with respect to the said Amendment.

And a Committee was appointedof Mr. Cholmon deity, Mr. Wilkes, Sir Ellis Cunlife', Mr. Grosvenor, Sir Roger MoJ'tyn, Mr. Bagot, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Barry, Mr. Feilch, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Cartwright: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber,

High Peak, Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Commitfee, to whom kc. Courts the Hill for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions Baron. jn t|le respecHve Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak, and Manor of Cajilcton, in the County of Derby, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direMed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in g rolled.

Ordered, That there be laid before the House, an Vol. 28.

Account of the Number of Children who were living on Foundling the 26U1 Day of March 1760. under the Care of the Hufpiul. Governors and Guardians of the Ilospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children.

Ordered, That the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children do prepare, and lay before this House, an Etiimate of the Expence of maintaining, from the 8th Day of February 1760, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1760, inclutive, such Children as were received into the said Hospital between the said 81I1 Day of February and the 26th Day of March 1760.

Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom Costock the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fields of ^ncio^ufc# Cojlock, otherwise Cortlingstock, in the County of Nottingham, and all the Lands and Grounds within the said open Fields, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except FourPersons,whose Properties in the said Fields confilt of about Eleven Acres, who having been applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of about 726 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, td impower the Proprietors to charge their Lands with Money for defraying the Expences of passing and executing the Act.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Lionel Pithing ton presented to the House, according Bawtry to to Order, a Bill for amending and widening the Road from Bazvtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South 04 ’ Side of Worthy, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Man-cliester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cholmondeley reported from the Committee, to Weaver whom the Bill to amend an Act, paised in the Seventh Navigation Y'ear of the Reign of his late Majesty, for making the River Weaver navigable, from Frodsham Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the County of Chester; and for the more effectual preserving and improving the Navigation of the said River; was re-committed, That the Committee had made One other Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom Brighton the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Sulney Fields of Brought on Sulney, in the County of Nottingham, Inclosure.

was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to

101 the

Accounts of Pari Hi Children.

ajg 3° — 140

the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Anne Hulchinfon, who is possessed of Two Oxgangs and an Half of Land, who, being applied to, refused to iign the Bill; and that the whole Fields intended to be inclosed consist of Ninety-three Oxgangs and an Half of Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they hacl directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in attheClerk’sTable: Where the Amend-ments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon thcQuestion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, That the Vestry Clerks of the several Pari dies of ChriJT s Church, Middlesex, St. Bartholomew by Exchange, St. Stephen, Coleman Street, St. Christopher Le Slock, St. Michael, Crooked Lane, and also of the Hamlets of Mile End Old Town anil Mile End New Town; and also the Churchwardens of the several Parishes of Saint Antlings, Budge Row, St. John the Baptist, London, St. Olave, Jewry), and #/. Margaret in Lothbury, attended at the Door;

They were severally called*in; and, at the Bar, severally presented to the House,

Accounts, pursuant to the Orders of the House of the 4th Day of March last, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to lay before this House the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And they severally withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were severally read.

And the said Accounts were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A. 1760.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Seven-night, the 14th Day of this Instant April, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Lance, 14.0 die;

Anno 33* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

ORDERED That Mr. Walter Scott do carry to the Deanbom Lords the ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening Bridge,&c. the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw, Road‘ and Part of the Jedburgh Road\ by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick to Cornhill, in the County of Durham, and for building a Bridge over the Tioeed, near Coldflrcamy and desire their Lordships Concurrence thereto.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Militia Majesty’s Command, Eftiiwic.

Estimate of the Charge of the embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain within mentioned from the respective Times that; they were embodied, and of the Fencible Men of A rgyleshire, and Lord Sutherland's v Battalion of Highlanders, in North Britain, from the Commencement of their Establishment to the 24th of December 1760.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

And the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Aprilis.

1

33 Geo. II. I40 Aprilis. 8x9p

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain under-mentioned, from the respective Times that they were embodied, and of the fencible Men of Argyleshire and Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain, from the Commencement of their Establishtttent to the 24th of December 1760.

Battalions. 'Numbers.

Wiltshire, from 25th Dec. 1759, to 24th Dec. 176°, both inclusive. £ s. d.

being 366 Days I 896 12,828 6 —

Do:jet shire, for the same time - - - - I 765 11,571 14 —

Devonshire, for the same time - - - - 4 1,844 30,817 4 —

Well Kent, for the same time - - - 1 7°4 10,720 15 —

Norfolk, for the same time ... - - . - - 2 i>i34 19,861 12 —

Yorkshire North Riding, for the same time - - - - ' 2 856 15,414 14 —

Somersetshire, for the same time - - - 2 958 14,908 8 —

Surrey, for the same time - - - - 2 898 13,080 8 8

Warwick/hirc, for the same time - - - 1 723 10,894 12 —

Berkshire, for the same time - - - - 1 638 10,037 11 —

Gloueefiershire, for the same time - - 1 571 8,655 18 —;

York West Riding, for the same time - - - 3 1,429 24,857 10 —

Hertford.shire, for the same time - - 1 669 10,376 2 —

Suffolk, for the same time - - - - 2 1,159 20,300 16 —

Huntingdonshire, for the same time - - 1 376 6,603 5 —

Lincolnshire, for the same time - - - 2 1,366 21,057 4 —

Essex, for the same time - - - - 2 1.139 20,117 16 —

CheShire, for the same time - - 1 667 10,025 7 —

Carmarthenshire, for the same time . - 1 222 3,89! 16 —

Fliuf/hire, for the same time - - * 1 146 2,723 13

Pembrokeshire, for the same time _ - 1 19 9 3,^72 4 —

Hants, for the same time ... . - _ 1 556 9,009 14 —

Rutland, for the same time - X - - 1 145 2,342 8 —

Westmoreland, for the same time - - - X 297 5»°99 12 —

Fencible Men of Argyleshire, for the same time - - - 1 i,o34 18,293 18 —

Earl of Sutherland's Battalion, for the same time - 1 1,033 18,129 4 —

York E. Riding, from ift Jan. 1760, to 24th Dec. following, both

inclusive, being 359 Days - - - 1 473 8,322 16 4

Northumberland, from 25th Jan. 1760, to 24th Dec. following, both

iiiclusive, being 335 Days - - - - 1 646 9,30i 16 8

Brecknock, from 25th Jan. 1760, to 24th Dec. following, both in-

elusive, being 333 Days - - - - 1 199 3>36i 3 4

Bedfordshire, from 4th March 1760, to 24th Dec. following, both in-

elusive, being 296 Days ... - - - 1 456 5>833 13 4

22,198 r 362,111 1 4

Already voted for this Service - - - 18,863 102,006 4 8

Remains to be provided - - - - 3,335 160,104 16 8

War Office, 14th April 1760.

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Pensylvania Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, ac-Compiny’i cording to Order, a Bill for vesting certain Estates in Estates. Pensylvania and Nezu Jersey, belonging to the Proprietors of a Partnership commonly called the Pensylvania Land Company in London, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising therefrom, and other the Estate belonging to the said Partnership, in Manner and for the Purposes in the Bill to be mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Befqlvcd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Papists Deeds A Bill for the allowing further Time for Inrolment of

and Wills. Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Pro-' testant Purchasers, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 28.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, ac- Afplev Guise cording to Order, a Bill for the inclosing and dividing Inclosure. the common Fields, common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and other common and waste Lands, lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Afpley Guise, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received $ and read the First time.

Resolved, Thnt the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Fhtton T Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Fiction, in the *ncl°k County of Huntingdon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fcllozves,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Car tier ight, Mr. Tuckfield, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Smith, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Herbert,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Wilkinjbn, Mr.

Moore, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Hezcett, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr.

Hanger, Mr. Geo. Onjloiv, Mr. Hume, Sir John Gordon,

Mr. Staunton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Whichcot,

Mr. Bagot, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Geo.

Manners, Mr. Marlin, Mr. O/zvald, Mr. Tozvn/hend,

Mr. Veitch, Mr. Finch, Sir John Rujhont, Mr. Starkie,

Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Bold, Lord Parker, Mr. Vernon, Sir

William

.Removing Gunpowder Magazine from Greenwich to Purfteet.

Stoke Goldington &c. Roads.

Wrotham Heath, &c. Road.

Tam worth &c. Road.

Uggle-barnby, &c. Inclosure.

Hayton

Inclosure.

Bawtry to Sheifield Road.


860 1 Aprilis.1760.

William Owen, Mr. Willes, Lord Strange, Mr. Wilkes, Lord Panmure, Mr. Clive, Lord Middleton, Sir Turner Cplcbrooke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Northampton, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Edzvards and Mr. Harris:

M r. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking down and removing thy Magazine for Gunpowder, and all Buildings thereto belonging, situate nearGreenwich, in the County* of Kent, and erecting instead thereof a new Magazine for Gunpowder at Purfteet, near the River of Thames, in the County of Effect and applying a Sum of Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards those Purposes; and for obviating Difficulties arisen upon an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for making Compensation for Lands and Hereditaments purchased for his Majesty’s Service atPortfmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, of the Eighth Year of her late Majesty Quern Anne, the Ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the Fifteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways between the House, commonly called the Jlorfe Shoe House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton; and the Road from the North Bridge of Newport Pag net, in the County of Bucks, to the Horse Shoe Hovfe-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the 'Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to the Village of Foots Cray, in the said County, to the Road leading from the Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Maid-/ewe,* without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, Widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Road from the Borough of Tcrmworth to Aftiby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester. and from Sawley Ferry, in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate* at "or near the End of Swarcliff Lane\ leading to Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A6i for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and wnfte Grounds, in the Manors of Ugglebarnby and EJhdaleftde, in the Parish of Whitby, and County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting certain open arable Fields, meadow and pasture Grounds, and Commons, in the Township of Hay ton, in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Merchants, Trarlcfmen, Cutlers, Iron Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for amending ami widening the Road from JB aw try to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of iFor/lei/, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Roihcrham to Monchtjler; and alleging, that the Road leading from Sheffield to Titjlcy; which is Part of, and comprehended in, the said Road from Bawtry to Sheffield, is also Part of the Road leading from Sheffield to Rotherham, Doncaster, and other Places, and has been, at great Expence and Labour, made by 16

the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun, who are, by Law, obliged and required to make and repair the fame; upon which Road ail Persons are intitled to pals, without being subject to any Toll, except some small Tonnage payable to the saidj Company for all Goods brought up or down the said River, to or from any Wharf or Wharfs at Tinjley; and the said Road from Tinjley to Sheffield is in much greater Degree used with Cattle and Carriages passing thereon to and from the said Wharfs, and to and from Sheffield, Rotherham, Doncaster, and other Places, than to and from the said Road leading from Tinjley to Bawtry:

And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, without some Provision therein to be contained, to prevent the erecting any Bar or 'Poll Gate in any Part of the said Road leading from Sheffield to Tinjley aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Com- Laws remittee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the specdng Fish, 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, &c* An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the 22d \rear of his present Majesty's Reign, for making a Free Market for the Sale of Fish, in the City of- Westminster, and for preventing the ForestaUing and Monopolizing of Fish, and for allowing the Sale of Fish, under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Iiook; and also for better supplying the Cities of London and Westnwifter with Fish; and to prevent Abuses of the Salesmen of Fish for Fifliermen; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning,

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to Bergavenq whom the Bill for veiling the Inheritance of the Rectory Clu ritlcs* and Tythes of Bedgcicorlh, granted by King Henry the Eighth, to the late dissolved Corporation of Bergavenny, and by them leased to JeJus College, in Oxford, towards maintaining a Fellow and Scholars from Bergavenny School, and for vesting other Reftoriets and Tythe* iy the County of Monmouth, granted by the said King Henry, to the said Corporation, in Trustees, for supporting the said School, and for Relief of the Poor of the said down; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found; the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned, had given their,’ Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee , and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at. the Clerk’s, Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon tl»£ Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by . the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing roiled.

Mr. Rojc Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom t.h(? ingrossed Bill from the Lord-, intituled, An k-u" Act for Sale of the real Estate of Thomas Bey non Esquire, a Lunatic, for discharging the Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for layiugout the Relidueof the Money, arising by such Sale, in t he Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Thomas Beynon and his Heirs; was committed; That the Committee

had

33 Geo. II.

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the tame to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And Notice being given, That it was not reported, that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the said Bill, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

K^rh,s A Bill to enable George Keith, late-Earl Marefcbal, inabilities to hie or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding Attainder, his Attainder; and to remove any Disabilit.y in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate, that may or shall. hereafter de-fcend or come to him, or which he was entitled unto, in Reversion or Remainder, before his Attainder; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

t

A Petition of the Commissioners of Supply, Justices liUtiaLawa ^Fthe Peace* an^ Freeholders, of the County of Perth, Was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the prefen t naked and defenceless State of Nor ill Britain in general,'and of that populous County among others; and that the Petitioners observe the happy Effect already arising from a Militia in South Britain, and, considering that Measure as the most wife, effectual, and constitutional, humbly propose, that a Law may be passed for establishing a Militia, upon proper Regulations, for that Part of the united Kingdom called Scotland; and alleging, that though by the Petitioners local Situation the disarming Act reached that County, there is none in in Great Britain wherein the Seeds of Disaffection are more totally eradicated; and that, united now in Sentiments both of Loyalty and Zeal, the Petitioners make their Requests to the Commons of Great Britain, not doubting that their wife Deliberation, to which the Safety of our Lives, Liberties, and Laws, are intruded, will give due Attention to the ardent Wishes of well-affected Subjects, who anxiously delire to share in the Rights which our happy Constitution intitles them to claim.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be read a Second time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Jonathan MifTon Acklom Esquire, the most considerable Freeholder or lndoiure. Owner of Common Right Farms or Tenements, in Mijfon, in the Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham, or one of them, and also Owner of the Redory Impropriate, and Great Tythes arising within the Township and Purish of Mijfon aforesaid, the Reverend John Ella, Clerk, Vicar of the Vicarage of Mifjbn aforesaid, and thereby intitled to all the Small Tythes arising within the said Township and Parish, and the fevera) other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being a considerable Majority, in Value, of the Freeholders or Owners of Common Right Farms or Tenements, in Mi ([on and the Parish of Mijjon aforesaid, on behalf of themselves and the Residue of the Commoners of Mi [on aforesaid, which was presented to the House upon the ‘25th Day of January lad, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Newell and Mr. Thoroton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, Owners of, or intereded DiUo. in, several open arable Fields, and open Meadows and

padure Grounds, in the Township and Parish.of Mijfon; in the Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham, waspresented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the last mentioned Petition $ and alleging, that there are also, within the said Township and Parish, several open arable Grounds, and open Meadows and padure Grounds, the Mention whereof was, by Mistake, omitted in the said Petition; and that it would tend to the Advantage of all Parties concerned, if Power was given to divide and inclose the fame: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do prepare the said Bill, also pursuant to the Prayer of the said last mentioned Petition just now read.

A Motion beirtg made, That the Bill for dividing and Hd01* inclosing certain Lands, in the Parish of Clifton, in the Inclosur* County of Nottingham, be now read a Second time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’slnterest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett,

Mr Moore, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Staunton,

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Jennings, Mr. York, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Cujt, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. White, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Macduff,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Ward, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Cartwright*

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pitt, Sir Ellis Cunlijfc,

Mr. Hanger, Mr. Willy, Mr. Hayward, Lord Strange,

Mr. Bagot, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr.

Willes, Mr. Scott, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Lutterell, Mr. Buller, Mr. Fetich, Mr. Martin, Mr.*

Grenville, Mr. Jeffreys, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Hunter; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Lincoln, Leicester, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.,

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Meant* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House being informed. That Mr. Collingiooood, foundling Secretary to the Hospital for the Maintenance and HofpkaU Education of exposed and deserted Young Children, attended at the Door;

He was called in; a^d, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Children* who were living on the 26th Day of March 1760, under the Care of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children; and also.

An Estimate of the Expence of maintaining, from the 8th Day of February 1760 exclusive, to the 3 ill Day of December 1760 inclusive, such Children as were received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, between the said 8 th Day of February and the 26th Day of March 1760.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimate were read.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sdfion; and the said Estimate is as followeth; viz,

jo K Atf

8^2 14* — 15° Aprdis. 1760*

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of maintaining, from the 8 th Day of February 1760, exclusive, to the 3 ift of December 1760, inclusive, such Children as were received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of ixposed and deserted young Children, between the said 8th Day of February and the 26th Day of March 1760.

The Number of Children received into the said Hospital, between the 8th Day of February 1760, and the 26th Day of March 1760, is - - - - - - - 834

The Charge of maintaining which 834 Children, from the Time of their FiriT taking in, to the

31st Day of December 1760, inclusive, is imagined may be estimated at - - - - £. 3,127 10 —

being after the Rate of £3. 15. for each Child: The Reason of so Iowan Estimation being ' founded on the very tender Age of the Children so brought in, and the great Mortality which will probably be consequent on the fame.

N. B. The Governors and Guardians beg Leave to observe to this honourable House, that in this, as also in the lateEstimate delivered into Parliament, nothing is computed for Buildings or Repairs of the Houses belonging to them; yet they are sensible an additional Expence will attend the Providing of Lodging for the Children under their Care, whether it be under the Article of building, finishing, or enlarging Houses already erected, or hiring of Houses for their Maintenance and Education, inasmuch as the Hospital at London will not contain above 600 Children.

Signed, by Order of the General Committee,

Thomas Collingwood, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate do lie Upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps have Leave to make a Motion,it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Member* And the Order made upon the Twenty-fourth Day of Qualifications. March last, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enforce, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to fit in the House of Com* xuons, upon Thursday Morning next, was read.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon this Day Sevennight.

Accounts of The House being informed, That the Vestry Clerks of Parish the feverpl Parishes of Saint Sepulchre, London, Saint Children. Lazvrence Pountney, Cannon Street, Saint Swithin, I<Q7idon, and Saint Michael, Quecnhitk, attended at the Door;

They were severally called in; and, at the Bar, severally presented to the House,

Accounts, pursuant to the Orders of this House, of the Fourth Day of March last, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to lay before this House the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And they severall v withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were severally read.

And the said Accounts were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 150 die Aprilis;

Anno 33d Georgii IIth Regis, 1760.

P u a v e it s.

Mi (Ton IV yfR. Hexcett presented to the House, according to

Judofure. J\J[ Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Commons and waste Grounds, open arable Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Mifjbn, in thcCount ies of Nottingham and Lincoln, or one of them: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Hefulird, That the Bill be read a Second time.

14

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, the Freeholders, -Scotc!l and Heretors, of the County of Forfar, was presented M|litiaL*w. to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners fee, with Pleasure, the happy Effects, which the Establishment of a regular Militia has already produced in One Part of this Island: And therefore the Petitioners humbly crave, That the Laws now in Force, for railing and training the Militia in England, may be extended and accommodated to Scotland, in such a Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a free Market for the Sale offish, in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish, and for allowing the Sale of Fish, under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; and also for better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish; and to prevent Abuses of the Salesmen offish for Fishermen; was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the First of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, was read a Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

The House was moved. That Part of the said Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And au Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered>

33 Geo. IL

15° Alpr

Weaver

Navigation.

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to TVinsford Bridge, in the County of Chester; and for the more effectual preserving and improving the Navigation of the said River; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 29. L. 29. To leave out " for," and insert <c intituled

Pr. 30. L. 3. To leave out" Aft" and insert " Acts

L. (5. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the First " and" in I.. 12.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: Aud the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Royal A (Tent A Message by Mr. Quarme, Deputy Gentleman

10 Bills. Ullier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission for declaring his Royal Assent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission aforesaid, had been at the House of Peers: Where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also impoweringhis Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Rojral Highness the Duke of Cumberland, his Royal Highness the Duke of York, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, the Lord Prudent of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, the Lord Privy Seal, and the Lord Anson, named also in the said Commission, did, by virtue of the said Commission, and also of his Majesty’s Commission for holding this Parliament, accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills 3 which Bills are as followeth 5 viz.

An Act for preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors, by laying additional Duties thereon; for shortening the Prohibition of making low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Grain, and from Meal, Flour, and Bran; for encouraging the Exportation of Brili/h-made Spirits; and for more effectually securing the Duties payable upon Spirits, and preventing the fraudulent Relanding or Importation thereof:

An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Odices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for taking down and removing the Magazine for Gunpowder, and all Buildings thereto belonging, situate near Greemvich, in the County of Kent, and erecting inllead thereof a new Magazine for Gunpowder at Purjleet, near the River of Thames, in the County of Essex; and applying a Sum of Money granted in this Session of Parliament, towards those Purposes; and for obviating Difficulties arisen upon an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for making Compensation for Lands and Hereditaments purchased for his Majesty’s Service at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth:

An Act for extending and continuing the Navigation of the River Wey, otherwise Wye, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Godalming, in the said County:

An Act for repairing several Roads leading to the < Town of Qakhami)lont in the County of Devon:

VOL. 28.

An Act for repairing and widening tlife Road frons the Turnpike Road, near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge; and also the Road leading out of the said Road, over Darley Bridge, to Cross Grten, and also the Road leading out of the last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowjley Bridge, in the County of Derby:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his? present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County o{.Huntingdon, and by One other Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual; the said former Act:

An Act for repairing and widening, the Roads frdm Haleworthy, in the Parish of Davidstow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wade Bridge; in the said County, and from the West End of Wade, Bridge aforesaid, into arid through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the High Roads from Hinckley to WoefuU Bridge, and also from Hoo-Ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from Szvannington to Leet Gutter, and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from Ibjtock, to Measham, in the Counties of Leicester ztiA Derby:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxon.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers contained in Two several Acts of Parliament, made in the 12th and 16th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Dun Cow, in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town of Hillmorton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End, in the Parish of Dujton, in the County of Northampton; and for making the same Acts more effectual:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, of the Eighth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the Ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the Fifteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways between the House commonly called the Horse Shoe House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton, and the Road from the North Bridge of Nexcport Pag net, in the County of Bucks, to the Horse Shoe House:

An Act for extending the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrothatri, in the County of Kent, and from thence to the Village of Foots Cray, in the said County, to the Road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath to the Town of Maidstone:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Road from the Borough of Tathworth t& Afiby de la Zouch, in the County Leicester, and from Sazcley Ferry, in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Szoarcliff Lane, leading to Afiby de la Zouch aforesaid i

An Act for repealing an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year One thousatid Six hundred and Eighty-one, intituled, " Act anent the Salmond Fifliing in the Water of Nyth

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Constablery of Ozvftoii, in the West Riding of the County of York i

An Act for inclosing divers Parcels of waste Grounds or Commons, in Zotfg/ow, in the County of Lancaster; and for enjoying Part thereof as a stinted Pasture, until the Inclosure of the same:

An Act for divid ing and inclosing acertain common or

open

Weaver

Navigation.

Hessian

and

Prussian

Treaties.

864 15*

open Piece of waste Ground, in the Parish or Township of Hart hill, with Woodhall, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields* Meadow, and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Sea grave, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for the dividing and inclosing the open Fields, Meadows, and common Pasture Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Hawksworth, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and waste Grounds, in the Manors of Ugglebarn-by and Ejkdalejiie, in the Parish of Whitby, and County of York:

An Act for dividing and allotting certain open arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, and Commons, in the Township of Hay ton, in the County of Nottingham

An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate of Smart Lcthieullier Esquire, in the County of Essex, and for laying oht the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage-Settlement:

An Act for vesting the Inheritance of certain Estates in the County of Northampton, Part of the entailed Estate of John Freeman Esquire, in him, in Fee-simple; and for settling other Estates in the Counties of Wilts and Middlesexfm lieu thereof:

An Act to enable John Coopey, Doctor of Physic, and Humphrey Brent Coopey, his Brother, and their Issue Male respectively, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Brent, pursuant to the Will of Humphrey Brent, late of the Middle Temple, tendon, Esquire:

An Act for naturalizing Rene Cornabe and John Daniel Lacadou.

Then another Amendment was proposed to be made to the inorofled Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for making the River Weaver navigable, from Frodsham Bridge to Wins-ford Bridge, in the County of Chester; and for the more effectual preserving and improving the Navigation of the said River; viz.

Pr. 66. L. 39. After " Quarter " to insert " in " Length.*

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for making the River Weaver navigable, from Frodsham Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the County of Chester; and for the more effectual preserving and improving the Navigation of the said River.

Then the Blanks left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, were filled up by the Clerk at the Table*

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary Pitt presented to the House, by his Majesty's Command,

Copy of a Convention between his Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, concluded and signed at London the iftof April 1760, and Translation; and also, Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty and the reigning Duke of Brunswick, concluded and signed at Mar-purg the 14th of January 1760, and Tranflation; and also, Copy.of the ulteriorConvention between his Majesty and the reigning Duke of Brunswick, concluded and ligned at Paderborn, March 5th 1760, and of the Declaration thereto aunexed, and Translation; and also. Copy of a Declaration referred to in the ulterior Convention between his Majesty and the Dukeof Brunswick, signed at Paderborn, March 5th 1760, and Translation. And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations are as followed!; viz.

Aprilis. A. 17

Translation of the Convention between his Majesty and the Landgrave of HeJJ'e Cajfel, concluded and signed at London the lft of April 1760.

Whereas his Majesty the King of Great Britain has judged it to be conducive to the Interests of his Crown, and of the common Cause, to reinforce his Army in Germany, under the Command of his Serene Highness Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick Lunebourg, by a new Corps of Hessian Troops; and his Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, having agreed to the Propofol made him on the Part of the King of Great Britain, and being earnestly desirous of entering into the Views of his Majesty in this respect, his Serene Highness has engaged to furnish an additional Corps of Troops, confiding of 3,392 Men, to be employed in the same Service, and to the same Purposes, as the other Hessian Troops. In Consequence thereof the respective Ministers, duly authorized to that Efl’eft, have agreed upon the following Articles.

1.

Agreeable to prior Treaties, and namely to that of the 17th January 1759, there shall be, between his Majesty and the Serene Landgrave, their Successors, Heirs, and Subjects, a sincere Friendship and strict Union, in-so much that the one shall consider the Interests of the other as his own; and shall faithfully use his Endeavours to advance them as much as pofiibie, and to prevent and remove all Trouble and Damage.

2.

HisSerene Highness the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfelfl lall raise, and add to the HeffianTroops,already in the Payof Great Baitain, a new Body of Troops, according to the State hereto joined, conflfiing of 2,520 Foot, of 416 Horse, of 16 Cannoneers for the Chasseurs, of 240 Huffars, and of 200 Chasseurs mounted; which said Body of Troops, excepting the Hussars and Chasseurs, that are already complete, f7ia.ll be in a Condition to serve, at farthest, by the End of the present Month of April.

3-

His Britannic Majesty engages on his Part to pay, for the railing and equipping this new Corps of Troops, the Sums specified in the State hereto annexed.

4-

His Majesty likewise charges himself with the Support of the said new Corps, as well with regard to their Pay, as to the ordinary and extraordinary Treatment every Year (during the Continuance of the War) beginning from the ill of January 1760, intirely upon the same Footing as the other llejjian Troops are at present.

5*

His Majesty, in order to give the Serene Landgrave a convincing Proof of his Friendship, and in Acknowledgement for the Zeal he has shewn, promises farther to continue to pay, during a Year after the Peace shall be made (according to the States already delivered, and likewise adjoined hereto) the actual Pay, as well of the present Augmentation, as of the additional Body of 6,692 Men, now with the Army; which were not comprehended in the Number of the 12,000 Men, in regard to which t here is already a Treaty subsisting with Great Britain.

6.

The Ratifications of this Convent ion shall be exchanged here at London, in the Space of Four Weeks from the signing hereof, or sooner, if possible. In Testimony whereof. We the underwritten, authorized by the full Powers of his Britannic Majesty and the Serene Landgrave of Hejfe Cqffel, have signed the present Convention, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be hereunto affixed. Done at London the 1 ft of April 1760.

(L. S.) Holies Newcastle.

(L. S.) Holdernefje.

(L. S.) Hardwicke.

(L. S.) W. Pitt. (t. S.) H. Alt.

STATE

Hdjftn

Tnaty.

.OOQIC

33 Geo'. II. i 50 Jpfilii865

STATE of the Levy-mqhey for the Tv^p Squadrons of Hussars,. the Tv'yo Troops of dhaffeurS Mounted,

~ and for the pew Augmentation.

1. It is agreed to grant for the t Squadrons of Hussars, each consisting of 120 Men, and for the £. d+

2 I roops of Chasseurs mounted, of 100 Men each, in the whole - - j 2,000 — —

2. The Levy-money for the 2,5 36 Foot, and for 16 Cannoneers, at 45 Bunco Crowns each Man

and for 416 Horse, each at 120 Banco Crowns, amounts to 164,040 Banco Crowns* or to 39,47z 2 6

Total of the Levy-money - - 51,47^ 2 6

STATE of the Pay of Two Squadrons of Hussars, Two Troops of Chasseurs mounted^ And of the new

Augmentation of the Hessian Troops.

1» According to the States hereto annexed under the Letters A and B, the Pay of the Two Squadrons of Hussars, for 42 Days, amounts to 3,954 Rd. 1 o mgr. b^of. and that of Two Troops of Chasseurs to 3,953 Rd. 33 7Jigr. 6-|4;-consequently in a Year for the Hussars to 34,364 Rd. 27 mgr. and for the Two Troops of Chasseurs to 34,361 Rd. 22 mgr.

3d. which, together makes for the Yeas 1760, 68,726Rd. i^mgr. 2j. or 12,272 11 4

&. According to the State hereto annexed under the Letter C3 the Pay upon the Hanoverian Footing, for 2,952 Men, amounts in 42 Days to 24,002 Rd. 32 mgr. 6\f. consequently for the Year 1760, to 209,168Rd. Smgr. Hanover Currency, or to - - - 37,351 9 4TV

Total of the Pay - - . 49,624 — 8aV

THE State of the Pay Upon the Hanoverian Foot, for Two Squadrons q£ Hussars of th§ Hessian Troops

Letter A*

at 2\*Rd.

Men.

1 Captain

1 Lieutenant i Ditto

1 Cornet

3 Serjeants -

v. i Quarter Matter -

2 Surgeons - - at 14 Rd.

2 Trumpets - - at 14 Rd.

6 Corporals ~ - at 20 Rd.

99 Hussars - - - at 11 Rd.

1 Clerk - -

1 Farrier of the Staff 1 Saddler

2 Waggons for the Troop, at 31 Rd. 12 mgr.

120 Total for One Squadron 20 — 1 Ditto

t Squadron,

7 Pf-

3

TV

240 Total for 2 Squadrons —

To form and complete the Staff of Four Squadrons of Hessian Hussars. 1 Colonel and Commandant - -

For the Cart for the Chest and Medicines -

Sum Total -

Hanover Currency/ in 42 Days.

_ l60 r_ —

- 60 —

*60

- 56,

- 72

- 24 — -ii

- 28 — —

- 28 —

- 120 —

- 1,089 — "

- II —

-- 16 —

l6 —: —

- 62 25

1)802 -2 S7U

- 1,802 25 7"

- 3>6o5 15

- 3l7 18 — -

31 J 2 7 3

- 3>954 10 6*

STATE of the Pay for Two Troops of Chasseurs mounted, of the Hessian Troops.

Letter B. Men. x Troop ~ - Hanover Currency* in 42 Days. Rd. mgr. of.

1 Captain - - 160

1 First Lieutenant - 7 - r -> -- - -60-

2 Second Lieutenants - at 56 Rd. - - - - 112

3 Serjeants -Vol. 28. r at 24 Rdt - 10 L - m - 7* 1 Quarter

He Qian Treaty,

Htffian

Treaty.

866

I50 Aprilis.

A. 1760.

1 Quarter Matter - *'

1 Surgeon - -

6 Corporals - - at 20 Rd.

1 Mulician or Chasseur 80 Chasseurs - - at 11 Rd.

1 Clerk -

1 Arquebufier -

1 Farrier of the Staff -

1 Saddler - -

2 Waggons for the Troops, at 31 Rd. 12 mgr. 7-J4 of.

100 Total for 1 Troop - * - - 1

loo - - - 1 Ditto -

*4

*4

120 11

880

11

24

iG

16

62

2 ts

M I

h*

1.582 25

1.582 25

7

7w

200 Total For 2 Troops -

This is no more than the ordinary Pay of the Cavalry, but as the Chasseurs cannot be supported thereby, it will be necessary to allow a Surplus of the Pay for 192 Men,

3, *65 >5

6f‘

Non-commissioned Officers, and Chasseurs, at 3 Rd. each

To complete and form the Staff of Six Companies of Hrjfian Chasseurs. 1 Lieutenant Colonel -

Sum Total -

576 — —

21,2 28 —

3,953 33

6 IS

T A T E of the Pay upon the Hanoverian Footing, for the Augmentation of the Cavalry, of the Dragoons and . - of the Infantry, of the Hessian Troops

Hanoverian Currency, in 42 Days.

Letter C.

Men.

1 Serjeant 1 Corporal 8 Troopers

10 Total for One Troop -50 - - - - -5 Ditto

60 Total for One Regiment 180 - - - 3 Ditto

t Regiment of Horse. 1 Troop.

at 11 Rd.

240 Total for Regiments of Horse

j Second Lieutenant -

I Serjeant -

x Corporal - -

& Dragoons - at 11 Rd.

II Total for One Troop -

77 - ... 7 Ditto

88 Total for 8 Troops

1 Second Major -

88 Total for 1 Regiment -

88 r - - i Ditto -

.176 Total for 2 Regiments of Dragoons -

x Regiment of Dragoons, x Troop.

For the Staff of the Regiment.

1 Second Lieutenant -

2 Serjeants,

1 Corporal

12 Anfpeffades r ►15 Private Men

21 Total for 1 Company 189 - - - 9 Ditto -

210 Total for l* Companies

1 Regiment of Foot, i Company.

at 11 7 145

at 5 ai at 4 20 6

Rd. of.

A 24 — —

- 20 — —

- 88 —

- 132 —

- 660 —

795 —

- - 2,3 76

ff . 3,168 —

6&

- - 24 — - —

- - 20 . — '-

- 88 —

" I92 — —

- - 1,344

- - *>536 — —

- 40 18 —

- i»5?6 18 —

- - - 1,576 18 —

- - - 3,i53 — —

28

- m - 22 14 3 0

_ 8 —

- _ 11 7 15

- 72 8 — p

- 141 29 4^ 1»

- - 1,276 14 3

> m - 1,418 .8 —

For

33 Geo. II.

i Second Major I

210 Total for i Regiment’

2310 - - - ii Ditto -

15 Jprit

For the Staff of the Regiment*


fr -

9 W I*

2520 Total for 12 Regiments of Foot

RECAPITULATION.

Men.

240 For Regiments of Horse

176 - - 2 Regiments of Dragoons -

£520 - - 12 Regiments of Foot -

For the Body of Foot Chasseurs. One Company.

4 Chasseurs or Cannoneers,* at 8 14 3 — - -

1 Servant - -

1 Horse *

4 Total for 1 Company - - — 11

12 - - - 3 Ditto

t6 Total for Companies of Foot Chasseurs -2952 Sum Total

867

ft 1 I OO O

- - i,458 . 26 —

D 0 - 16,045 34

1 - 17,504 24 —

Hanover Currency, in 42 Days.

Rd. mgr. /if-

* - 68 —

- - 3>I53 — —

- 17>5°4 *4 —

Total m 23*825 24 —

- m * 33 21 4 —

- - 5 21 4*-

* 5 4

- - 44 11 1

* 4 132 33 4*

*77 8 6

- - - 24,002 32

Trauflation of a Treaty between his Majesty and the reigning Duke of Brinificick, concluded and signed at Marpurg the 14th of January 1760.

HIS Majesty the King of,<Great Britain, having judged it necessary, for the Support and Safety of the Common Cause, to augment his Forces in Germany, and having caused Intimations thereof to be made to hisMoft Serene Highness the Duke of Bnmfvoick and Lunenburg, and his said Moll Serene Highness, having entered with Zeal into his Majesty’s Salutary Views, they have thought proper to direct their respective Ministers; that is to say, His said Majesty, John Manners Marquis of Granby, Lieutenant General of his Forces, Commander in Chief of his British Forces in Germany, Colonel of his Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, and Member of the Parliament of Great Britain, and James Durand Esquire, Major General of his Forces, and his Commissary for the Muster of his German Troops; and the Most Serene Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburg, Gottlieb Lebrecht de Stammer, Lord of IVahren, Lieutenant General of his Highness’s Troops, and Governor of the Town and Fort refs of Wolfenbuttel; to enter into Conference thereupon; who, after the Exchange of their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles.

Art. 1.

His Most Serene Highness promises and engages, by virtue of this Article, to yield to his Britannic Majesty a Body of Troops amounting to 2,413 Men; to wit.

Men.

The Second Battalion of Zaftrow’s, of - - 754

A Battalion of Grenadiers, of - 4 87

A Body of Chasseurs, Infantry, of - - - 213

A Regiment of Carbineers, Cavalry, of - - 515

A Regiment of Hussars mounted, of 334

A Troop of Chasseurs, of - - - - no

2,4^3

Which Body of Troops/hall be held in a Condition to march on the ift of May next, or sooner, if possible, upon his Majesty s Requisition; which is to be understood to be made, with regard to the Infantry, Two Months bdore they march, and, to the Cavalry, Six Months VoL. 28.

before they march; the Two aforesaid Battalions shall not be separated from those of Brunswick, which are actually with his Majesty’s Army, commanded by his Most Serene Highness Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick, unless Reasons of War require it; and the whole shall always remain under the Orders of the Brunswick General, who shall command the Troops of his Most Serene Highness; and the said Troops shall take the Oath of Fidelity to his Britannic Majesty immediatelyupon their being first muttered by an English Commissary, without Prejudice, nevertheless, to the Oath which they have taken to his Most Serene Highness the Duke: His said Highness reserving besides to himselfthe Disposal of all the Employments which shall become vacant; the Administration of Justice shall be also reserved to him.

Art. 2.

Each Battalion of Infantry of this Corps shall be provided with Two Pieces of Field Artillery, with the Officers, Gunners, and other Persons, and the Train thereunto belonging.

Art. 3:

Towards defraying the Expences to which the Most . SereneDuke will be engaged for mounting, railing, and equipping, the said Corps of 2,413 Men, his Majesty promises to pay to his Most Serene Highness, for every Carabineer, Huffar, and Chasseur, on Horseback, duly armed and mounted, 80 Crowns Banco; and for every Foot Soldier, or Chasseur on Foot, 30 Crowns Banco, in the Manner following; that is to say, upon Account, for Levy-money for the Infantry, Artillery, and Cavalry, 60,000 Crowns Banco, shall be paid as loon as possible, in Consideration that the Most Serene Duke, thro* a Zeal necessary in the present Circumstances, has already advanced the greatest Part of the necessary Expences, and the Remainder w hen the said Troops shall march.

Art. 4.

Besides what is stipulated in the preceding Article, his Britannic Majesty engages to pay to the Most Serene Duke, during the Time that this Treaty shall Jaft, an annual Subsidy,‘in the Manner and Proportion following; that is to say, this Suhfidy shall commence from the 1st oi' November of the present Year, and shall be paid at the Rate of 61,287 Crowns Banco, per Annum, the Crown reckoned at 53 Sols of Holland, from the Time of the

Requisition.

Brunswick

Treaty.

8<5S

15° Aprilii. A. 1760.

Requisition already fixed in the i(l Art. to the Day when the whote' Body shall be in the Pay of his Britannic Majesty, the Subsidy shall be augmented and paid at the Rate of 122,574 Crowns aforesaid, and, during the whole Time that the said Corps (halt be actually in the Pay of his Majesty, the Most Serene Duke shall enjoy an annual Subsidy of 61,287 Crowns aforesaid! When-the said Troops shall be sent back by his Britannic Majesty, from the Day of their Return into the Territories of his Most Serence Highness, until the Expiration of the Treaty, the Subsidy shall be again raised and continued on the Foot of 122,574 Crowns aforesaid per Annum, and the respective Payments shall be made regularly, without Diminution, and Quarterly, in the City of Brunswick, to the Person authorized by the Most Serene Duke fof the Receipt thereof.

Art. 5.

% With regard to the Pay and Treatment, as well ordinary as extraordinary, of the said Troops, whilst they shall be actually in the Pay of his Britannic Majesty, it is agreed, that, as long as they serve in the Empire; they filial! enjoy the same Advantages and Emoluments as his Majesty allows to his Gema/rTroops, according to the efte&ive State in which the Body of the said Troops shall be delivered; which shall be ascertained by a Tabelle, signed by the respectiveMinisters of the high contracting Parties, which shall have the same Force as if it was inserted, Word for Word, in the present Treaty: Whilst; they shall be employed in the Lozv Countries, X\^ey shall be treated in the said respect on the foot of the Dutch Troops. His Majesty also shall cause to be paid to the Officers of this Body the same Advances and Emoluments granted to his German Troops, to put themselves in a Condition to march; the whole as has already been practised on the March of the former Body of 6,000 Men of the Most Serene Duke.

Art. 6.

on the Part of his Majesty, at whatever time it shall happen, during the Ternr'of the Two Years, which Is the Period fixed as aforesaid for the Continuation of the -Payment of the Subsidies after the present War shall be terminated, ~ *

Art. 11.

This Treaty shall be ratified, and the Ratification# thereof shall be exchanged on each Side, within the* Space of Four Weeks, to be reckoned from the Date of the Signature of the present Treaty, or sooner, if it cau he done. In Witness whereof. We the under-written Ministers of his Majesty the King of Great Britain,m\d of his Mod Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburg, by virtue of our full Povyers, have signed the present Treaty, and have thereto put the Seals of our Arms, done at Marpurg the 14th January 1760.

(L. S.) Granby. . '

(L. S.) J. Durand. (L. S.) De Stammer.

DECLARATION.

The Words L’Annee Courante, having been made use of in the 4th Art. of the Treaty between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and his Most Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick, signed at Marpurg the 14th of January last; which Words were inserted at a Time* w hen it was probable, that the said Treaty would have been signed in the Ceurfe of the Month of December last, which did not happen on account of the Messenger,' who-was charged with carrying the Treaty to his Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries, having been detained by contrary Winds; I have the King's Orders to declare, in the Name and on the Part of his Majesty, That the Words L'Annee pajfee ought to be substituted and inserted in the room of those V Annie courante. Done at London this Eighth Day of February in the Year 1760^ Signed, by the King’s Command,

HoldemeJfe\

If it should happen unfortunately, that any Regiment, Battalion, or Companies, of the above-mentioned Corps, should be ruined or destroyed, in Whole, or in Part, or that the Pieces of Cannon, with which they shall be furnished, should betaken by the Enemy, his Majesty the King shall cause to be paid the Expences of the necessary recruiting and remounting them, as also the Value of the said Field Pieces, in order forthwith to reinstate the Artillery and the Troops.

Art. 7.

As well in this respect, as in every other Point, the said Body of Troops shall be treated as favourably as the other Troops of his Majesty, and particularly as the Hejfian Troops, on the Foot of which they are engaged.

Art. 8.

His Britannic Majesty shall keep this Body of Troops in his Service, the whole time that the present War shall continue; and when his Majesty shall think fit to fend back the said Troops, he shall give Notice thereof Three Months before hand to his Most Serene Highness, and shall cause to be paid to them One Month's Pay for their Return.

Art. 9.

In case the Most Serene Duke shall be attacked, or disturbed in the Possession of his Dominions, his Britannic Majesty promises and engages to give his Most Serene Highness all the Succour which the same shall require, and that the Circumstances of the present War shall permit.

Art. 10.

This Treaty shall subsist as long as the present War shall lad, and his Majesty promises and engages to continue, for Two Years longer (to commence from the End of the last Winter Quarters that shall be due to this Body of Troops), the Payment of the aforesaid Subsidies of 122,574 Crowns Banco to the Most Serene Duke, in the Manner before expressed in the 4th Art. it being to be understood, that his said Most Serene Highness engages, that thesaidTroopslhall bekept in aCondition to march, and shall enter into the Service of the King immediately on the Requisition which shall be made for that Purpose,

*4

ESTABLISHMENT.

Of the Second Battalion of General de Zafirow% Regiment.

Etat Major.

1 Colonel

1 Lieutenant Colonel 1 Major 1 Adjutant 1 Quarter Mailer 1 Auditor 1 Chaplain 1 Surgeon Major 1 Clerk

1 Drum Major 1 Waggon Mailer 1 Gun Smith 1 His Assistant 1 Provost 1 His Servant

4 Servants to attend the WaggonsforBlankets 1 Servant for the Carriage with the military Chefl

1 Servant for the Carriage with the PhysicCheft. In all 21

For the Service of the Two Field Pieces, which this Battalion is furnished with.

1 Subaltern Officer of the Artillery

2 Inferior Officers 14 Gunners

4 Servants for the 2 Cannons 2 Servants for the Two Ammunition Carnage# 2 Servants for the Ammunition Waggon.

In all 25 1 ft Company.

1 Colonel as Captain 1 Captain Lieutenant.

I First Lieutenant 1 Second Lieutenant

1 Ensign

33 Geo. it i h° Jpri 169

1 Enlign

2 Serjeant?

x Bearer of the Colour?

2 Inferior Officers 5 Corporals

3 Drummers 34 EnfpefTades

106 Private Meri 1 Surgeon 3 Servants

In all 142

----- 2cl Company.

i Lieutenant Colonel as Captain 1 Captain Lieutenant; and the rest as above*

In all 142

— 3d Corbpany.

1 Major as Captain

1 Captain Lieutenant; and the rest as above.

In all 142

----- 4tl^6mpanr.

1 Captain

1 First Lieutenant; and th6 rest as above;

In all 141

----- 5th Company.

The whole equal to the Fourth. In All 141

1 ft Company.

1 Lieutenant Colonel as Captaift 1 Captain Lieutenant 1 First Lieutenant i Second Lieutenant

1 Sub Lieutenant

2 Serjeants

2 Inferior Officers 5 Corporals

3 Drummers 2 Fifers

2 Carpenters 12 EnfpefTades 76 Grenadiers

1 Surgeon

3 Servants

Sum 113

2d Company

1 Captain

i First Lieutenant; and the rest as above.

Sum 112

Sum 112 Sum 112 Item.

3d Company.

Intirely alike with the last.

4 th Company.

RECAPITUL AT I 6 N.

Etat Major -Artillery - -

Five Companies; of which' The iftconfifts of The 2d -

The 3d - -

The 4th -

The 5th -

RECAPITULATION.

Etat Major - - - 19

Artillery - -19

Four Companies; of which The ill makes - - 1 113

The 2d - - - - 11 2

The 3d - - - - 112

The 4th - - . - - J12

Total of the Battalion of Grenadiers - 487

Total of the 2d Battalion of Zaji row's - 754

ESTABLISHMENT

ESTABLISHMENT

Of the Battalion of Grenadiers.

Etat Major. t Lieutenant Colonel 1 Adjutant 1 Quarter Master 1 Auditor 1 Chaplain 1 Clerk

1 Surgeon Major , 1 Drum Major 1 Waggon Master 1 Gun Smith 1 His Aftistant 1 Pro v oft 1 His Servant

4 Servants for the Waggons for Blankets 1 Servant for the Carriage with the military Chest

1 Servant for the Carriage with the Physic Chest. Total 19

For the Service of the Two Field Pieces of the Battalion.

1 Subaltern Officer of the Artillery

2 Inferior Officers 8 Gunners

4 Servants for the Two Cannons 2 Servants for the Two Ammunition Carriages 2 Servants for the Ammunition Waggon.

Total 19

Of the R egi men t of Cuiraftiers of 3 Squadrons or 6 Troops Etat Major.

1 Colonel

2 Lieut. Colonels 1 Major

1 Adjutant 1 Quarter Master 1 Auditor 1 Chaplain 1 Surgeon Major 1 Clerk

1 Kettle Drummer 1 Trumpet Major 1 Waggon Master 1 Horse Doctor 1 Farrier 1 His Aftistant

1 Saddler

2 HisAffifiants 1 Gun Smith

1 His Assistant 1 Provost 1 His Servant

6 Servants to attend the Waggons for Blankets 1 Servant for the Carriage with the military Chest 1 Servant Tor the Carriage with the PhysicCheft.

Total 31

... — lft Troop.

1 Captain 1 First Lieutenant 1 Second Lieutenant 1 Cornet

VOL. 28.

Brunswick

Tmtjr.

10 M

1 Serjeant

A’ 1760

S70 150 Aprilis.

Bryivfvick 1 Serjeant

Trc*t* 1 Quarter Master

1 Standard Bearer Corporals 1 Trumpeter 64 Cuira fliers 1 Surgeon 1 Farrier 3 Servants

Total 81

----- 2d Troop.

1 Colonel ns Captain 1 Captain Lieutenant 1 First Lieutenant 1 Second Lieutenant 1 Cornet 1 Serjeant 1 Quarter Matter Corporals 1 Trumpeter 64 Cuirassiers 1 Surgeon

3 Servants

Total 80 '

3d Troop,

1 Lieutenant Colonel as Captain 1 Captain Lieutenant 1 First Lieutenant i Second Lieutenajit 1 Cornet 1 Serjeant 1 Quarter Master 1 Standard Bearer

4 Corporals

1 Trumpeter 64 Cuirassiers 1 Surgeon 1 Farrier

3 Servants

Total 82

— ..... 4th Troop.

1 Lieut. Colonel as Captain 1 Captain Lieutenant 1 First Lieutenant 1 Second Lieutenant 1 Cornet 1 Serjeant 1 Quarter Master

4 Corporals

1 Trumpeter 64 Cuirassiers 1 Surgeon

3 Servants

Total 80 N

r)th Troop.

1 Major as Captain i Captain Lieutenant 1 First Lieutenant , 1 Second Lieutenant 1 Cornet 1 Serjeant . i Quarter Master 1 Standard Bearer

4 Corporals

1 Trum peter 64 Cuirassiers 1 Surgeon 1 Farrier 3 Servants

Total 82

6th Troop.

1 Captain 1 First Lieutenant 1 Second Lieutenant 1 Cornet 1 Serjeant 1 Quarter Master Corporals 1 Trumpeter 64 Cuirassiers 1 Surgeon 3 Servants

Total 79

RECAPITULATION*

Etat Major 3*

First Troop Si

Second - - 80

Third - 8z

Fourth - 80

Fifth 8z

Sixth - 79

Total of the Regiment of Cuirassiers - - 515

ESTABLISHMENT

Of the Regiment of Hussars.

Etat Major.

1 Major 1 Adjutant 1 Quarter Master I Auditor 1 Chaplain i Surgeon Major 1 Clerk

1 Trumpet Major 1 Horse Doctor ? Farrier 1 His Assistant 1 Waggon Master 1 Saddier 1 His Assistant 1 Gun Smith 1 His Assistant 1 Provost 1 His Servant

4 Servants for the Waggons 1 Servan t for the Carr jage with the military Chest 1 Servant for the Carriage with the Physic Chest

Total 24

—— 1 ft Troop.

1 Major as Captaki 1 Captain Lieutenant 1 First Lieutenant 1 Second Lieutenant 1 Cornet 1 Serjeant 1 Quarter Master Corporals 1 Trumpeter 66 Hussars 1 Surgeon 1 Farrier

Total 80

----- 2d Troop.

1 Captain 1 First Lieutenant 1 Second Lieutenant 1 Serjeant 1 Quarter Master Corporals 1 Trumpeter

65 Hufla'rs

8yt

33 Geo. II.

65 Hussars I Surgeon

Total 76

3d Troop.

i Captain 1 First Lieutenant i Cornet 1 Serjeant i Quarter Matter Corporals 1 Trumpeter 66 Hu (Tars 1 Surgeon 1 Farrier.

Total 78

—— 4th Troop.

Total 76 In every Respect as the 2d.

15° Jprilis.

1 Gunfmitli 1 His Aflifiant

Total 202

recapitulation.

Etat Major - - - - 15

Troop of Horse - 106

Company of Foot - - 202

Total of the Corps of Chasseurs - - - 323

Recapitulation of the Whole.

INFANTRY, t Battalion of Zqftroiv's - - 754

t D° - - of Grenadiers - - 487

1 Company of Chasseurs - - 202

Etat Major of that Corps - 11

Erunfvuck

Treaty

RECAPITULATION;

Etat Major -First Troop Second Third

Fourth

Total of the Regiment of Hussars - - 334

Establishment of the Corps of CHASSEURS, as well Horse as Foot.

Etat Major.

1 Lieutenant Colonel 1 Quarter Matter 1 Auditor 1 Chaplain 1 Surgeon Major I CJerfc I Fourrier 1 Trumpet Major 1 Saddler 3 Gunsmith 1 Provost

1 His Servant

2 Servants

1 Servant for the Carriage with the Pfayfic Chest;

Total 15

Troop of Horse.

1 Lieutenant Colonel, as Captain, 1 Captain Lieutenant

1 pirft Lieutenant

a Second Lieutenants

2 Serjeants Corporals

1 Trumpeter 69 Chatteurs 1 Surgeon I Farrier i His Aflifiant 1 Gunsmith 1 His Assistant

Total 106

----- Company of Foot.

1 Captain

2 First Lieutenants

2 Second Lieutenants 1 Feld web el Serjeants 1 Fourrier 8 Corporals 180 Chatteurs 1 Surgeon Vol. 28.

- *4

r 80

7*

78

- 76

cavalry.

1 Regiment of Cuirassiers - - 515

1 - - - of Hussars - - 334

1 Troop of Chatteurs - - 106

Etat M^jor of that Troop - 4

..... - ----- c________

Total of the whole Corps - - -2,413

(L.S.) Granby. (L.S.) J. Durand.

(L. S.) De Stammer.

Translation of the Ulterior Convention between his Majesty and the reigning Duke of Brinswick, concluded and ttgned at Fader born, March 5th, 1760, and of the Declaration thereto annexed.

ULTERIOR CONVENTION. SINCE the Conclusion of the Treaty between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and his most Sereue Highness the reigning Duke of Brunjivick Luneburghf signed by their respective Plenipotentiaries, at Marpurg, on the 14th of January last, his most Serene Highness paving made it known, that he was able to make a farther Augmentation to the Body of Brunswick Troops which his Majesty has taken into his Service, in the following manner j to wit.

Men.

To the Eight Battalions of Infantry, Eleven Men per Company, which would make, for 48 Companies - , 528

To the Battalion of Grenadiers granted by the

above-mentioned Treaty - - - 86

To the Body of Chasseurs, Infantry - - 100

To the Body of Chaffeure, mounted -; - 100

To the Regiment of Hussars mounted, Two more inferior Officers per Troop being included - - - - 146

Which would make, in the Whole, an Augmentation of - - - 96O

And his Majesty, having readily agreed thereto, promises and engages, by this ulterior Convention, to cause to be paid to his most Serene Highness the Levy-money for every Foot Soldier and Trooper of the present Aug*-mentation, agreeably to the Stipulations in the 3d Article of the above-mentioned Treaty; apalfo to augment the Subsidy in proportion to the said Augmentation; and to extend the whole Tenor of the said Treaty, and of the Declaration in Explanation of the Term immediatement, made use of in the 10th Article of that Treaty, with regard to this Augmentation, as far as both of them are applicable to it: And his most Serene Highness, on his Part, promises and engages, by these Prelenla, to hold this farther Augmentation of 960 Men in Readiness to march on the 1 ft Day of May next, at least the Infantry,

Brunswick

Treaty.

87a 15°^-2Ib

and the Cavalry One Month after, or sooner if pollible; and his said Majesty and his most Serene Highness have thought proper to authorize their respective Ministers; to wit, his Britannic Majesty, John Mostyn Esquire, Lieutenant General of his Forces, and a Member of Parliament of Great Britain, and William Bobinfon Esquire, Lieutenant Colonel of his Twelfth Regiment of Foot; and his moll Serene. Highness the reigning Duke of Brunswick Luneburg, Gottlieb Lcbrecht. de Stammer, Lord of Wahrcn} Lieutenant General of his Troops, and Governor of the Town and Fortress of Wolfenbuttel; to sign the present ulterior Convention, which shall have the same Force as if it was inserted Word for Word in the Treaty ligned at Mar/mrg on the 14th of January lad:

It is to be ratified in the same manner, and the Ratification thereof shall be exchanged within the Term of Four Weeks* to be reckoned from the Day that it was signed.

In Witness whereof, we the Underwritten, being furnished with the full Powers of his Britannic Majesty and of his most Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick Lu-neburgy have signed the present ulterior Convention, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be put thereto. Done at Paderburn, the 5th Day of the Month of March, in the Year 1760.

(L. S.) John Mostyn.

(L. S.) William Bobinfon.

(L. S.) Gottlieb Lebrecht Stammer.

DECLARATION.

His modSereneHighness the reigningDuke of Bruns wick Luneburgh, havingcaufed it to be represented to his Majesty, the King of Great Britain, that it would be for the Good of the Service, that the Battalion of Grenadiers, mentioned in the Treaty signed at Marpurgy on the 14th of the Month of January lad, and which, by the ulterior Convention signed on the 5th of this Iudant, is carried to 573 Men, in order to make it equal to the other Battalions of the Brunswick Troops; and his Majesty, having given his Consent to his most Serene High-ness’s Propcfal, ordered me to make a Declaration thereof to him: And, in Obedience to his Majesty’s Commands, I declare, in the King’s Name, and on hi? Part, That his Majesty agrees to his said most SerenQ Highness’s Proposal; and also that the Stipulations in the ulterior Convention above-mentioned shall extenq. as well to this Augmentation of 40 Men, as to the Augmentation of the Subsidies proportionally. Done at London, this 28th Day of March 1760.

Signed* by the King’s Command,

Holder neffe.

Trandation of a Declaration referred to in the ulterior Convention between his Majesty and the Duke of Brunswick, signed at Paderborn, March 5th, 1760.

DECLARATION.

The Duke of Brunswick having caused Representa-tions to be made to the King, concerning the Inconveniences which might arise from the Term immediatementy contained in the 10th Article of the Treaty signed by the Plenipotentiaries of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and of his most Serene Highness the Duke; to wit, " It being to be underdood, that his most Serene " Highness engages, that the said Troops shall be kept " in a Condition to march, and shall enter into the Service of the King immediately on the Requisition which " shall be made for that Purpose on the Part of his Majedy, at whatever Time it shall happen during the " Term of the Two Years, which is the Period fixed,

" as aforesaid, for the Continuation of the Payment of " the Subsidiesafter the present War shall be terminated." And as it may be presumed, that Peace being once efta-bliilied upon a solid Footing, his Majesty’s Service will not require that the Troops in quedion should immediately begin to march, his Majesty will grant the Term of Two Months for the Infantry, and of Six Months for the Cavalry, of the said Body of Troops, to put therm-selves in a Condition to march, being fully persuaded,

Aprilis. A. 1760;

that, if the same should require it, his most Serene Highness will do every thing in his Power to shorten the Term which is mentioned in this Declaration. Done at London, this Eighth Day of February, in the Year 1760.

Signed, by his Majesty’s Command,

Hoidcrnesse.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Tabic* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for the better ordering the Militia Forces, Scotch in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read Militialw* a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Quedion being put. That the Bill be Committed j The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tilers fnnthpYf>a<JCo,oneI } a

lellers for the *eas|Sjr Haay . } 84.

T^llprc f,r thp Mofc iThe Lorcl Barrington, \

'1 ellers for the xNoes, Wm \ *94*

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. West have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Ten of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Order made Yesterday, for the House to re- Sapply. solve itself, upon Friday Morning next, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, was read:

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That -this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Order made Yederday, for the House to re- Wap solve itself, upon Friday Morning next, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, was read:

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Sir John Rushout have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Order made Yederday, for the House to re- PapHhDa solve itself, upon Friday Morning next, into a Com- wd Wa mittee of the w.hole House, upon the Bill for the allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists* and for Relief of Protestant purchasers, was read:

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luncey 21° die Aprilis;

Anno 330 Georgii.IId‘ Regis, 1760. Prayers.

MAJOR General Cornwallis reported from the Duk{( Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the tfevoa Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the most Noble JVib Eftw ham Duke of Dtvonshire to make Leases, for any Term, not exceeding Nmety-nine Years, of certain Eltates lying in the ParishofSt.James, Westminster,in the County of Middlesex, deviled to him by the Will of the Right

honourable

c

i‘

III

nfli

0

intf

Marquis*?

Annandale's

Eihie.

Spencer’s

Ellate.

Charted*

Estate.

Frifhy

Inclosure.

Exportation of Buckle Chapes.

33 Geo. II. n* April873

honourable Dorothy Countess of Burlington, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:

Mr. Veitch reported from the Committee, to whom the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Jok/i Earl of Hopetonn, Curator of Law to George Vcmden Bempde Marquis of Annandale, his Uncle a Lunatic, and the Curator of Law of the said Marquis, for the time being, to grant Feus of certain Lands, Houses, and others, in the County of Dumfries; and to exchange the Lands therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had oireded him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Major General Cornwallis reported from the Committee, to whom the ingross’ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A V‘ to im power John Spencer Esquire to make Leases of the Manor of Wimbledon, and of Lands and Grounds in Wimbledon, Barnes, Mortlaclce, Edft Sheeen, Putney, and Wandsworth, in the County of Surrey, given and devised by and purchased in pursuance of the Will of the most Noble Sarah late Duchess Dowager cf Marlborough, respectively, in order for building upon, and improving the same, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Salisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Veitch reported from the Committee,to whom the ingross’ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the entailed Estate of the late Francis Char-teris Esquire; and for purchasing of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parlies concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Olmius presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Frijby upon the Wreak, in the County of Lei-cefier: And the same was received; and read the Firli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford; and also the Petition of the Factors, Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Waif all, in the County of Stafford; and also the Petition of the Manufacturers oflron Chapes for Buckles, residing in the several Towns of Wolverhampton, Waif all, and Biljton, in the County of Stafford, and o{Birmingham, in the County oiWarzoick; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Factors, and Traders, of the Cities of London and Westminster; were referred; Vol. 28.

That the Committee bad examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the open and common Fields of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, was committed, That the Committee had examine d the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of about Four Yard Lands and an Half, lying in the said common Fields; and also except the Owners or Proprietors of about Ten Cottages, who have Right of Common in the said Fields, and who, having been applied to, refnfed to lign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclos'ed confifi of Thirty-six Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and that the whole Number of Cottages intitled to Right of Common amount to about Fifty; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the (iuellion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroifed.

Sir Robert Ladbrooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for determining Disputes about're-building Houses, or the Party Walls thereof wherein several Persons have an intermixed Property; and for the better regulating of Buildings; and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the said City and Liberties; was re-committed, That the Committee had made some other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s ’Fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A cf for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Lillleborough, in the County of Lancaster, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several open and common Fields, Meadows, and Commons within the LordIhip or Liberty of Barrow upon Soar, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting several Lands and Tenements in the Parish of Chijlehurst, in the County of Kent, given to charitable Uses ior the Benefit of the said Parish, in the Right honourable Robert Bertie Esquire, commonly called Lord Robert Bertie, and his Heirs, and for making Provision 10 N of

Hinckhjr

lnclpfufc.

Widening ot

London

Streets.

Halifax, Icc. Roads.

Barrow

Incloturc.

Chiflthurst

Lharity

Lands.

210 — 22° Aprilis. A. 1760.

Raymond ami Cater’s Exchange.

Bergavenny

Charities.

Costock

Inclosure.

Member! Qualifica-Coi 3

6f greater Value, instead thereof, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parilli; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for exchanging certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Beckingham and Lewisham, in the County of Kent, Part of the Estate late of Hugh Raymond Esquire, deceased, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the said Parish of Beckingham, belonging to John Cater the younger; and for settling the Lands so taken in Exchange to the same Uses as the Lands given in Exchange Hand limited; and for enabling Jones Raymond and Peter Burrell Esquires to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the Eltate late of the said Hugh Raymond: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting the Inheritance of the Rectory and Tythes of Bedgeivorth, granted by King Henry the Eighth to the late difl’olved Corporation of Bergavenny, and by them leased to Jesus College in Oxford, towards maintaining a Fellow and Scholars from Bergavenny School; and for vesting other Redories and Tythes in the County 0{Monmouth, granted by the said King Henry to the said Corporation, in Trustees, for supporting the said School, and for Relief of the Poor of the said Town; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting the Inheritance of the Redory and Tythes of Bedgeivorth, granted by King Henry the 8th to the late dillblved Corporation of Bergavenny, and by them leased to Jef us College in Oxford, towards main-taininga Fellow and Scholars from Bergavenny, School; and for vesting other Redories and Tythes in the County of Monmouth, granted by the said King Hemy to the said Corporation, in Trustees, for supporting the said School, and for Relief of the Poor of the said Town.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to enjoin every Person, who shall hereafter be returned to lit as a Member of the House of Commons, to make Declaration, upon Oath (at the same time that every such Person shall swear to his Qualification as directed in the said Bill) that neither he, nor any Person on his Behalf, hath, with his Knowledge, Consent, or Approbation, given any Money or Reward whatever, or a Promise of any Money or Reward, to any Person whatever, in order to influence or procure the Vote or Interest of any Freeholder, Citizen, or Burgess, of the County, City, Town, or Place, for which he is returned, from the Time he was declared and known to be a Candidate to represent in Parliament, such County,

City, Town, or Place, until he was by the proper Officer declared duly elected to serve in Parliament.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Coffimittee of the w'hole House, toconsider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday w2y« Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Mcais. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Papifi* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Deeds and the Bill for the allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys be added to the Com- Anfty mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the ludolurc. common and open Fields of Anfty, in the County of Leicester, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fields of Costock, otherwise Cortlingstock, in the County of Nottingham, and all the Lands and Grounds w ithin the said open Fields, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 26, 27. To leave out " in Value:*

Pr. 6. L. 4. To leave out from " them" to of of," in L. 13.

And the said Amendments w'ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

RefolvcdJYhat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields of Costock, otherwise Cortlingstock, in the County of Nottingham, and all the Lands and Grounds within the said open Fields.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill to enforce and render more effectual the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to fit in the House of Commons, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas wrent forth.

TeIle«ro.,oYe»,fWtI2W

TellCTsf.r,heN«4^Sf«,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

} 76.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday 18

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Martis, 2 2° die Aprilis;

Anno 330 Georgii IIth Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kiddm^ for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Deanbua for repairing and widening the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, is Bridge, through Greenlaw, and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to Cornhiil, in the County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the Tweed, near Coldstream; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Burton for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Bridge,1 Roads therein mentioned, lying in t he Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warwick, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Kiyma for exchanging certain Messuages, Lands, and Heredita- and Cm ments, in the Parishes of Beckingham and Lewisham,in the County of Kent, Part of the Estate late of Hugh Raymond Esquire, deceased, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the said Parish of Beckingham. belonging to

' John

Anifley

Inclosure.

Pensylvania

Company's

Estates.

33 Geo. II. a or. AprHis. 875;

John Cater the younger; and for settling the Lands* so taken in Exchange, to the lapie Uses as the Lauds given in Exchange ft and limited; and for enabling Jones. Raymond and Peter Burrell Esquires to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the Estate late of the said. Hugh Raymond; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Common in the Township of Ardjlty and Parish of Dar/ield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Peter Richardfony whose Estate in the said Township is of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds Ten Shillings, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for veiling certain Estates in Pensylvania and New Jersey, belonging to the Proprietors of a Partnership commonly called the Pensylvania Land Company in London, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising therefrom, and other the Estate belonging to the said Partnership, in Manner and for the Purposes in the Bill to be mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Sandys, Sir John PhilippMr. Northey, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Ofivald, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Chomley, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Strange, Mr. Moote, Mr. Feitch, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Webb, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Hewetty

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Morton,

Mr. Gybbou, Mr. FeUnices, Sir CIui\i^ Mor daunt, Mr.'

Fuller, General Chrnzcallis, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Amcotls, Mr. Wilkivfon, Mr. Foley, Sir Geo. Savile,

Mr. Staun(on;S\r JolmCuf, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Wilkes,

Mr. Harbord, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Montagu, Lord Egmont, Mr, More, Mr. Geo. Oyjlow, Mr. West, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Colebrooke, Sir William Owenu’

Mr. Choimondeley, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Chclxvynd, Lo*;d Carpenter, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Willes, Mr. Olmins, Sir Walter Blackett, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir John Morgan,

Sir Francis Dashicood, Lord Carysfort, Sir Edmund'

Isham, Sir Thomas Robiufon; and all the Members, who serve for the Counties of Mi4dlefer., Kent, and Surrey; and the City of London; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Broughton > and common Fields of Broughton Sidney, in the Conn- Sulney ty of Nottingham, was read the Third time. inclosure.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Broughton Sidney, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett, do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Hessian Majesty’s Command, Troops.

Efiimate of the Charge of Two additional Squadrons of Hussars, and Two Companies of Chasseurs, together with an Augmentation to the Horse, Dragoons, and F6ot, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cqffel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1760.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, Army purftiant to their Address to his Majesty, Extras.

An Account of extraordinary Services incurred, from the 24th of November, to the 24th December, 1759, not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Efiimate and Account were read.

The said Efiimate and Account are as felloweth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Two additional Squadrons of Hussars, and Two Companies of Chasseurs, together with an Augmentation to the Horse, Dragoons, and Foot, the Troops of the Landgrave of HeJJe Cajfel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1760.

Mlri. £. s. d.

Two Squadrons of Hussars - - - - 240

Two Companies of Chasseurs - - - 200

- 440 12,272 11 4

Augmentation to the Regiments of Horse ----- 24O

Augmentation to the 2 Regiments of Dragoons - - - 176

Augmentation to the 12 Regiments of Foot - - - - . - 2,520

Augmentation to Four Companies of Chasseurs, on Foot - l6

2,95* 37>35* 9 4

Levy Money for the Two Squadrons of Hussars and Two Companies of

Chasseurs ----- 12,000 — —

Levy Money for 416 Horse and Dragoons - - 12,012 — —

27,460 2 6

Total War Office, 2Std April 1760. - - 3»392 101,096 3 2

Barrington.

;Vol. 18.

816

12

Aprilis.

A. 1760.

Ax ACCOUNT of extraordinary Services incurred, from the 24th November to the 24th December 1759,

not provided for by Parliament

To Monies remitted to the Deputy Paymaster of the combined Armies in Germany, by Messieurs £. s. d.

Walpole, Mellish, and Touchit, for the extraordinary Contingencies of the said Army, pursuant to Warrant dated the 12 th of December 1759 ----- 100,000 ——

To Andrew Drummond Esquire, to satisfy a Bill drawn on the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury by Messieurs Pye and Cruikjhanks, by Order of Mr. Hunter, for Monies furnished for the Use and Service of the said combined Army, pursuant to Warrant, £. s. d. dated 19th November 1759 - - - 2,413 9 4

To D°, to satisfy another Bill, drawn as aforesaid, pursuant to Warrant dated

12th of December 1759 - 4,439 *3

To D°, to satisfy a Bill, drawn as aforesaid, pursuant to Warrant of the like

Date -----16,771 4

To D°, to satisfy a Bill, drawn as aforesaid, pursuant to Warrant of the like Date..... 2,434 3

4

7

5

26,058 10 8

£ s. d.

£,226 8 6

2.595 16 —

2,638 11 —

7*460 15 6

To Messieurs Colebrooke and Co. to satisfy a Bill drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury, by Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, and payable to the Order of Lawrence Dundas Esquire, being for 122 Days Pay of 400 Waggons supplied by him for the Use of the combined Army in Germany, pursuant to Warrant dated 6th November 1759 - 23,570 8 —

To Messieurs Thomlinfon and Co. to be remitted by them in Specie to North America, for extraordinary Services relating to the Forces there, pursuant to Warrant dated 12th December

1759 - 100,000 — —

To William Baker Esquire, for visual ling Forces in Nova Scotia, for and between the 1 ith Jime

1759, and the 8th of July following, pursuant to Warrant dated 19th November 1759 - -

To D°, for the like Services, for and between 9th July 1759, and 5th of August following, pursuant to Warrant dated 24th November 1759 To D°, for the like Services, for and between 6th August 1759, and 30th September following, pursuant to Warrant dated ill January 1760

To Messieurs Baker and Co. for victualling Forces in North America, for and between 18th - June and 29th July 1759, pursuant to Warrant, dated ift Januanj 1760 37^793 4 6

To D°, for D° on board several Transports from New York, and other Places, for and between 5th April and 19th September 1759, pursuant to Warrant of the like Date - -20,544 15 2

To Messieurs Baker and Co. for Provisions decayed and rendered unfit by means of long Keeping and Want of Storehouses at several Polls on the Mohawk and JIudJ'un's Rivers beyond Albany, pursuant to Warrant dated lft January

1760 -----..... 1,943 7 2

To D°, for Bread and Flour supplied sick Men in Garrison or Quarters, by

Order of the Commander in Chief, for and between 18th June and 29th July >759 ..... . - . 1,783 6 5

To Messieurs Colebrooke and Nejbit, for victualling the Garrison of Louisburg,

for and between the 25th June and 14th October 1759, pursuant to Warrant dated 12th December 1759 - - - -.....-

To Matt, Woodford Esquire, for victualling the Garrison of Annapolis Royal, for and between the 1 ft Day of July, and 30th of September, 1759, pursuant to Warrant dated id January 1760 -

To Messieurs Colebrooke and Co. for and towards the Colls and Charges of, and for transporting, Coals to Ijmifbourg for the Use of the Garrison there, pursuant to Warrant £. 5. d,

dated 17th September 1759 - - --- --- - - 2,000 — —

To D% for D*, pursuant to Warrant dated ill January 1760 - - - 2,000 — —

To a Bill drawn by Lieutenant Col. James Murrayfor the Use of the Garrison of Quebec,

dated the 25th October 1759, per Letter of the 5th of December 1759 - - 1,000--

To a D* drawn by Brigadier General Robert Monckton, for the Service of his Majesty’s Troops employed in the Expedition against Quebec, dated 12th October 1759, per Letter 5th December 1759 - - - - 3,825 12 3

To a Set of Bills drawn by Mr. George Durant, Deputy Paymaster at Guada-

loupe - - 8*399 10 9

To a D°, drawn by D° at D* - - - ^,700 — - —

To a D#, drawn by D° at D° - - 4,766 2 —

To Mr. James Tierney, to discharge Bills drawn on him by the Earl of Home, and to be applied for the Redemption of several of his Majesty’s Subjects, Captives in the Empire of Morocco, pursuant to Warrant dated the 24th November 1759 - - - 7,000 — — -

To D°, to discharge like Bills, pursuant to Warrant dated 12th December 1759 10,102 15 —

----- 17,102 15 —

To an additional Allowance for Clothing for the Lincolnshire Militia, pursuant to Warrant

dated 13th December 1759 - -- 1,399 11 3

To an additional Allowance for Clothing for the Essex Militia, pursuant to Warrant dated 17th.

November 1759 - - - 1,136-----

To

62,064 13 3

8>>38 3 4 828 — —

4,000 — —

4,825 12 3

15,865 12 9

33 Geo. II. 22° Jprtiis.

To Mr. Bozoerbank, Contractor for maintaining the Bedding belonging to the Office of Ordnance

in the Town and Garrison of P or tfmouth, and for hisExpences in providing and repairing Uten-fils, and for furnishing Coals for the Barracks,pursuant to Warrant dated 17th December 1759 To Major General Carr, for Nece (Varies for the Foot Guards in Somerset House and in the Savoy Barracks, to 24th December 175*9 - -

To George Gamier Efcjuire, for Medicines and Materials by him provided for the Forces in North A m erica, Ea/l and West Indies, Africa, Germany, Scotland, &c. in the Year 1759, pursuant to Warrant dated ift January 1760....

To Mefiieurs Carlton and Co. for Shipping and Provisions supplied by Order of the Lords Justices of Ireland, to the Draughts embarked the 4th of October 1759, Dublin, for Whitehaven, pursuant to Warrant dated the 30th October 1759 - -

To Captain George Brifac, for providing Coals and Candles for the Guard Rooms at Chatham Lines, pursuant to Warrant, dated 24th November 1759 - -

To Claud JohnJbn Esquire, to satisfy a Bill drawn by Henry Moore Esquire, Lieut. Governor of Jamaica, for sundry Disbursements for the Service of the Musquito Shore, pursuant to Warrant dated 24th November 1759 - -

To Camp NeceflTaries provided for the Augmentation to the LightTroop of Sir Charles Howard’s

Regiment of Dragoons, pursuant to Warrant dated 24th November 1759 I7I *3 11

To D°, provided for the Earl of Albemarle's Regiment of Dragoons, pursuant

to Warrant dated D° - - 207 18 8

To Camp Necessaries provided for Major General Whitmore’s Regiment of

Foot, pursuant to Warrant dated 24th November 1759 - 232 16 II

To D# provided for the Duke of Richmond’s Regiment of Foot, pursuant to

Warrant dated D* 1 - - — 135 15 10

To D° provided for Major General Hodgson’s Regiment of Foot, pursuant to

Warrant dated D° - - -. ' - - - 139 15 4

To D° provided for Col. John Craufnrd’s Regiment of Foot, pursuant to Warrant dated 8th December 1759 - - 620 13 6

To D° provided for late Colonel Wolf’s Regiment, pursuant to Warrant dated

29th December 1759 - - 221 2 6

To D° provided for Col. Tozvn/hencCs late Regiment of Foot, pursuant to Warrant dated Ditto - -- - 397 2 —

To Dtt provided for the late Major General Elliott’s Regiment of Foot, pursuant

to Warrant dated D°.....- - - - 238 19 —

To D° provided for the Augmentation to the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards,

pursuant to Warrant, dated Ditto - -181117

To D° provided for the Warwickshire Militia, pursuant to Warrant dated Ditto 189 15 11

To 100 Days Forage allowed the following Regiments, pursuant to Warrant dated 23d of

October 1759.

Major General Howard’s - - 215 — —

Major General Elliott’s - - . - - 215-----

Colonel Townshend’s - - -205 — —

To 100 Days Winter Forage allowed the following Regiments, pursuant to Warrant dated 24th November 1759,

Major General Howard’s - - 205 ——

Major General Hodgson’s - - 205 — —

Major General John Barrington’s - - - - -215 —

Major General William Whitmore’s - - - . - - 215 — —

Lieut. General Maurice Bockland’s - - 215-----

Major General Charles Jeffreys’s - - - - -215 — —

Major General Lord George Beauclerk’s - - - - -215 — —

Lieut. General Earl of Panmure’s- - - 215 — —

Major General Edward Cornwallis’s - - - - -205-----

Lieut. General John Earl of London’s ----- 205 — —

Lieut. General Hairy Holmes’s - - - 215-----

Lieut. General Francis Leighton’s - - - - - - - 215 — —

Lieut. General Lord Charles Hay’s ----- - 205 — - —

Lieutenant General Thomas Earl of Effingham’s ~ - - - 205 — —

Lieut. General Lord Robert Manners’s - - - - 215 — —

Major General John Griffin Griffin s - - - 205 — —

Major General Lord Charles Manners’s - - - - . 205 — —

Col. George Gray’s - - - 215 — —

Late Col. George Townshend’s - 205-----

Col. John La Faujfilles - - - 215 — —

Col. Lord Frederick Cavendish’s - -- -- - 205-----

Col. Charles Colville’s - - - - - . 205-----

Col. John Parjlozo’s - - - - - 215-----

Col. William Pettilot’s - - - . - 205 — —

877

£. s. d. 801 14 10

996 *3 9 4.857 4 "

l88 I9 —

45 13 1 246 8 9

V/37 5

To 100 Days Winter Forage allowed the following Regiments, pursuant to Warrant dated 24th November 1759.

Colonel Charles Duke of Richmond’s ....

Colonel John Bofcazcens - -

1 ft Regiment of Foot Guards -

Coldjiream Ditto - -

3d Regiment Ditto....

Vol. 28. to O

205 — —

205-----

750-----

450-----

45°-----

To

A. 1760

2 a0 Aprilis.

To ioq D.ays Forage for the Glouceflerjliire Militia, pursuant to Warrant dated

23d October 1759 - - - - *45 " —

To Baggage and Bas Horses for Major General Howard's Regiment, pursuant . to Warrant dated 23d of October1759 - - - - 428 15 —

To Baggage and Bas Horses for late Major General Elliott's Regiment, pursuant to Warrant dated 23d October 1759 - - - 428 15 —

ToDitto and Ditto, for Colonel Townshend's Ditto, pursuant to Warrant dated

Ditto - - 421 5 —

To the Earl of Panmure's Regiment, in lieu of 322* Off-reckonings for the Augmentation, pursuant to Warrant dated 29th September 1759 - - - 471 6 3

To the Coldjiream Regiment of Foot Guards, in lieu of 263 Days Ditto for the Ditto, pursuant to Warrant dated the 7th November 1759 - - 596 2 7

To the 3d Regiment of D*, in lieu of 263 Days D# for the D°, pursuant to Warrant dated Ditto - - - 596 a 7

To Lieut. Colonel Thickness, for divers Utensils, Coals, and Candles, for the Use of the Forces in the Garrison of Landguard For/, pursuant to Warrant dated 8th December 1759 - -199122

To Major General Whitmore, for Coals and Candles, 8(c. for the Use of the

Garrison at Tinmouth, pursuant to Warrant dated the 17th November 1759 94 6 8

To Lieut. Col. Stanwix, for Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces in

Garrison at Carlisle, pursuant to Warrant dated 24 February 1759 - 78 It 8 9

To Lord Aberdour's Regiment of Light Dragoons, allowed for Horse Furniture and Accoutrements, pursuant to Warrant dated the 17th November 1759 - 653 16 —

To Lieut. Colonel John Hale's Regiment of Ditto, allowed for D°, pursuant to

Warrant dated Ditto - - 1,751 5 —

To Do’s iff Augmentation to D° of D°, allowed for Ditto, pursuant to

Warrant dated 8th December 1759 - - - 875 12 6

To Lieut. General Conway's Regiment of Dragoons, for Grass Money, pursuant to Warrant dated 17th Decen\ber 17.59 ----- 1*287 14 3

To Lieut. General Sir John Cope's Regiment of D° for D°, pursuant to Warrant

cjated 29th December 1759 - - - 1*302 14 7}

Tjs Sir Robert Rich's D° of D°, for D°, pursuant to Warrant dated Ditto - 1,277 x9 3

To Lieut. Colonel Burgmpie, for the Subsistence of the Officers, Sic. of his Regiment, preceding the Commencement of their Establishment, pursuant to Warrant dated the 8th December

1759 -

To the Executors of the late General Wolfe, who acted as a Major General upon a particular Service in North America, in full of^. 1 ,oooo for his Expences on that Command, pursuant to Warrant dated the 19th of December 1759 -

To the Executors of Major General John Forces, deceased, as a Mark of his Majesty’s Royal Regard, and Acceptance of the Services of the fitid Major General, pursuant to Warrant dated 23d July 1759 - - _ -

To the Contractors for victualling the Garrifoji of Gibraltar, and to answer all Payments made and to be made to complete that Service, as well for Victualling as for Insurance, and all incidental Expences, to 24th of December *759 - -

To 40 Days Pay of Lieut. Colonel Hale's Corps of Dragoons, from the 15th of November 1759, to 24th of December following, both inclusive, at^. 37 16s. per Diem -

To Eight Days Pay of Lieutenant Colpnel Hale's Augmentation, from the 17th to the 24th December 1759, both inclusive, at£. 18 5s. 6d. per Diem - -

To 76 Days Ditto of Major Keith's Augmentation, from the iotli of October, to 24th December*, 1759, both inclusive3 at£. 21 2y. 8tf. per Diem -

To 59 Days Pay of Major Keith's ad Augmentation, from the 27th of October, to the 24th December 1759, bpth inclusive, at £. *5 17/. per, Diem -To Six Days D° of Lieut, Col. Dr tfperV Augmentation, from the 19th to the 24th of December 1759, both inclusive, at 5 5 s: Sd. per Diem . - -

To Six Days D* of Lieut. Col. Coote's Augmentation, from the 19th to the 24th of December 1759* both inclusive, at £. 5 5 s. Sd. per Diem - -

To 18 Days D* of, the Carmarthenshire Militia, from, the 7th to the 24th of December 1759, both inclusive, at £. 10 19$. 8rf. per Diem - - - ,

To 18 Days Da of the Flintshire Militia, from the 7th to the 24th December 1759, both inclusive, at £. 7 8$. 10 d. per Diem -

To 14 Days D° of the Rutlandshire Militia, from the nth to the 24th of December 1759, both

inclusive, at £. 6 8 s. per Diem - -

To 14 Days D° of the Hampshire Militia, from the nth to the 24th of December 1759, both inclusive, at 24 izs. \d. per Diem - -

To 14 Days D° of the Pembrokeshire Militia, from the 11th to the 24th of December 1759, both

inclusive, at £. 9 16$. & d. per Diem - -

7,880-----

1,278 15 —

1,663 5

372 x7 7

3,280 13 6

3,868 8 if

957 3 8f

500-----

1,000-----

13,723 6 1

x>512 x5 — 146 4 — 1,606 2 8

935 3 — 31 x4 ~ 3V x4 — 197 14 -

x33 x9 — 89 12 —

344 x2 8

x37 !3 4

£. 422,016 1 —

Voted

Fag*e’s

JLfiaie.

Bey non *1 Bfiate*.

Papists T> curtis and Wills.

Laws

respecting Fiffaj See.

33 Geo. II. 2 20 Apr His.

Voted in the Account of Extraordinaries incurred to the 24th of November 17*59, a Warrant foi*

£. 1,896----- for I^evy Money and Accoutrements for 158 Horses, to augment Lieut.

Colonel Burgoy tie's Regiment of Light Dragoons, the said Warrant being recalled and cancelled by his Majesty's Secretary at War, the Amount is deduced from the preceding Account

1,896-----

War-Office* 22d April 1760.

Barrington.

£. 420,120 1 —

Ordered, That the said Estimateand Aceoiint do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

Mr Frederick Mount agu reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain tenements and Hereditaments in the County of Suffer, settled by John Meres Fagge Esquire, upon the Marriage of Elizabeth his Daughter with Sir John Peachy Baronet, in Trustees, to convey the same to Sir William Peere Williams Baronet; and for settling Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill* to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.,

Wlv.RofcFuller reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the real Ellate of Thomas Beynoti Esquire, a Lunatic, for diCharging the Incumbrances affecting the the fame; artd for laying out the Residue of the Money* arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Thomas Beynoti, and his Heirs; was re-committed; That the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill* to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Ru/hout took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Ru/hout reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received [Tomorrow Morning.

An ingossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a Free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish, and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; and also for better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with FiOi; and to prevent Abuses of the Saleiiuen of Fish for Fiiliermen; was read the Third time.

Vol. 28. v

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign* concerning a free Market for Fish at Westminster, as requires Fishermen to enter their Fifliing Vessels at the Office of the Searcher of the Customs at Gravesend\ and to regulate the Sale of Fish at the First Hand in the Fish Markets in London and Westminster; and to prevent Salesmen of Fish buying Fish to fell again on their own Account; and to allow Bret and Turbot* Brill and Pearl, although under the respective Dimensions mentioned in a former Act, to be imported and fold; and to punilli Persons who shall take or fell any Spawn, Brood, or Fry, of Fish, unlizeable Fish, or Fish out of Season, or Smelts under the Size of Five Inches; and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hew ell reported from the Committee, to wfhorti Cattoa the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Inclosiirk dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Commons, or Wastes, and common Meadow Grounds, within the Manor and Soke of Cat ton, in the County of York, was committed, 'That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Six Messuages, Eighteen Cottages, and 408 Acres of Land, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and also except Pearjon, who is possessed of One Cottage and Two Acres of Land in the said Ma-tior and Soke, and who could not be found; and that the whole Property in the said Manor and Soke consists of 76 Messuages, 115 Cottages, and 6,600 Acres of Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; Viz.

Pr. 17. L. 6. After " notwithstanding," insert Clause A:

Clause A: " Provided also, That in all future Rates <c and Levies to be made for the said Townships, or any " of them, within the said Manor of Cation, any Lands " or Grounds, which shall or may be so allotted to the " said John Blake, as Rector of the Parish of Catton " aforesaid, and his Successors, or to the said John At-te kinfon, as Rector of the Parish of Full Sutton afore-u said, and his Successors, or any Lands or Grounds, or <c any yearly Sum or Sums of Money which shall or may " be so allotted or awarded to be paid to the Impropriators or Owners of the Tythes of the said Town-t€ ships of Wilbcrfofs and Newton upon Derwent, as a " Compeafation for the Tythes and Ecclesiastical Dues

" to which they are respectively intitled, shall be assessed " to all such public Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, in u the same Proportion only as the Lands and Tenements " of other Persons in the Township or Parish for which " such Rates, Taxes, and Assess’menls, shall be made,

" shall from time to time be rated and assessed thereto, cc and not otherwise

L. 30. After " notwithstanding," insert Clause

B:

Clause

Catton

Inclosure.

880 220 Apr. A. 1760.

Cl a life B: " Aiul whereas the Boundaries of some of <c the said Commons or Wastes are not well known, it " is hereby further Enacted, That the respective Allotments of the said Commons or Wastes which shall he " made to the Owners of Common Rights in the said w respec)iveTo\vnships, shall, for ever after the making <( the Award or Instrument herein after-mentioned, be " adjudged, deemed, and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to lie within, and be Part of, such Townships " respectively wherein the Houses and Frotitfteaas are " situate, in respect whereof such Allotments shall be " made; and that such Allotments of the said Commons Cf or Wastes, as shall be made in lieu of Tythes, shall, " for ever after the making the Award or Instrument " herein after-mentioned, be deemed and taken to lie <c within, and be Part of, such Townships respectively,

" wherein the Lands lie for the Tythes whereof such " Allotments shall be made:"

Pr. 17. L. 33. After " such," insert " public and:" Pr. 18. L. 4, After "convenient," insert " so as " all the public Highways and Roads, so to be set out, " which lliah lead from one Market Town to another, <c shall be of the Breadth of 40 Feet, at the lead, between and exclusive of the Ditches, and:"

L. 13. After " maintained," insert " Provided always, That all such public and common Highways, when so set out and made as aforesaid, shall from " time to time be repaired and kept in Repair in such manner, by the Inhabitants of the respective Townships within which such Highways shall be liiuate, as " the public Highways*are by Law directed to be kept " in Repair; and that after such new Highways and " Roads shall be so set out and made, it shall not be €t lawful for any Person or Persons, in any manner what-cc soever, to use any other public or private Way or " Road in the said several Townships, or any of them, " otherwise than shall be directed and allowed by the " said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, in " and by their Award herein after-mentioned

Pr. 18. L. 16. After " Trees," insert " other than u and except necessary Quicksets

P. 20. L. 33... After " such," insert<c public and:"

Pr. ai. L. 13. After " Equity," insert "and the " said Register, or his Deputy, shall be allowed, for " the making and signing any such Copy, Two Pence " for each Sheet, to contain not less than 72 Words; " and for every Inspection or Perufai of the Inrollment " of such Award or Instrument, at the said public " Office, One Shilling, and no more

Pr. 24. L, 33. After " Service," insert " and also " by Writing to be affixed on the Church Doors of the " said respective Parishes;" and leave out " Notice," and insert " Notices:"

Pr. 35. L. 37. After therefrom," insert ClauseC: Clause C: c< Provided also, That all Out Rents, Fee " Farm Rents, and other Payments, Mortgages, " Charges, and Incumbrances, issuing out of, or due " and payable to any Person or Persons for or in respect " of, or charged upon, any of the Lands, Grounds, " Glebe, and Tythes, of the Parties to the said Articles, or any of them, shall, from and after the making " such Division and Allotments, be respectively issuing <c and payable out of, and charged upon, such new Allotment or Allotments to be made to them respec-(C tively in lieu thereof; and the respective Parties, to 4C whom such Lands or Grounds shall be allotted, out of " or upon which any such Out Rent, Fee Farm Rent, " or other Payment, Mortgage, Charge, or Incumbrance, as aforesaid, is now, or shall then be, issuing " or payable, or the same Lands, shall not be any " longer chargeable therewith :"

P. 37. L. 6. After " Service," insert <c and also by " Writing to be affixed on the Church Doors of the said respective Parishes."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of William Permit Esquire, Thomas Northin'^ Browne, William Campion, Ann Andrews, Edward, Cal- Indafare. cott, Thomas Ring, John Horne, Robert Taylor, John Franklin, Richard Wiggins, Richard Davis, Richard Calcutta and William Davis, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, by an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, called Northleigh Common Fields, and a Common or Waste called Northleigh Heath, in the Parish or Township of Northleigh, in the County of Oxford, Anthony Keck and William Lenthall Esquires, Thomas Bafeley, Job Bast ley, and George Salmon Gentlemen, Mcfes Brookes and Edward Moulder, Yeomen, were appointed Commissioners for executing the Powers by such Ad given; but the said Thomas Bafeley, Job Ba/eley, George Salmon,2\\\

Moses Brookes, together with John Faster Yeoman {who was appointed a Commissioner pursuant to a Power contained in the said Act), were the acting Commissioners; and, having made such Divisions and Allotments of the Lands directed to be inclosed as they thought proper, they were pleased to order and award, that the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds should be paid by the Petitioners, and the other Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, to their Clerk, in Fourteen Days: That the Petitioners, upo inspeding the Particulars or Items which constitute and compose the aforesaid £.1,500, observed, that £.534. 6s. nd. was charged for the Costs of obtaining the said Act, £.196. 7s. for the Trouble of the Commissioners, who were only Farmers or of lower Degree, besides £.131. 13*. for Expences at Inns or public Houses, and £168. 3s. 4d. for their Clerk, over and above £.280. 7s. 7d. directed to be retained for Nine Years and Six Months, in the Hands of such Clerk, to answer the Expence of Fencing, which the Petitioners apprehend was a much larger Sum than necessary for that Purpose; and that the Commissioners had no Power to raise such a Sum before any Part of it was expended or called for; wherefore the Petitioners, or One of them, made some Objections to such Charges, and were willing to be satisfied of the Justice and Regularity thereof, which greatly irritated the aforesaid acting Commissioners, and their Clerk; who thereupon declared, that they had the foie Power of judging and determining whether such Charges were just or unreasonable, and should make no Alteration therein, or to that Effect; and that, the more to terrify and intimidate the Petitioners, the Clerk caused to be printed, and left at the Places of Abode of the Petitioners, and other of the said Proprietors, a Paper, bearing Date the 24th Day of January 1760, reciting, that a Complaint in Writing had been made against the Petitioners, and others, before the acting Commissioners, and summoning them to appear on the 15th of February then next at Woodstock, in the County of Oxford, to shew Cause why they refused or neglected to pay the several Sums therein set against their several and respective Names (which Paper is annexed to the said Petition); and that the Proportions of all the Petitioners (except the Petitioner William Perrott, of the said £.1,500, being final!, and they unable todifpute the Justice of the Demands made upon them, did apply, to the said Clerk, and offered to pay the fame; when he was so unjust and unreasonable as to insist, that the Petitioners should pay, and they actually did pay, the several Sums in the Schedule to the Petition annexed mentioned, being near Five Shillings in the Pound upon the respective Sums which they were originally awarded to pay, in the said Schedule also specified, as a Fine or Penalty for presuming todifpute or delay the Payment of the Sums so demanded as aforesaid; and that the said Clerk gave the Petitioners separate Receipts for such original and other Sums of Money; therein specifying,

2° Apr His. 88 i

3 3 Geo. II.

That the additional Sums were so paid Tor Colls occasioned by the Payment of the original Sums, allhough Do Suit, Action, or other Proceeding, was or had been commenced or carried on against the Petitioners, or either of them, other than demanding the Sums by them paid as aforesaid, and delivering the said printed Papers; but the Petitioner William Perrolt refused to pay his Proportion of the said £.1,500, being £.220 1 s. 5J (L; and the Clerk hath declared, that lie should pay £. 50 for such pretended Cods: That the Petitioners apprehend themselves to have been greatly injured and imposed upon by these Exactions; and are advised they have no Remedy, unless the House, in Compassion to the Hardiliips they labour under, will be pleal'ed to interpose in their Favour: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Then the printed Paper and Schedule* referred to in the said Petition, werealfo read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Philipps, Mr. Foleyf Sir John Morgan, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cartwright. M r. Fuller, Sir Richard Glynne,^lr. Hanger, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr Freeman, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. For refer, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Plumptrc, Mr. OIndus, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Cast,\Ir. Nor they, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Middleton, Mr. llewe.it, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Chester, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Granville, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Walter Blackett, M r. Lloyd, Sir Francis Dashwood, Lord Carpenter, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Sir Francis Poole,; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Northampton, Warwick, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speak-. er’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Wices.

*'an<k fUr"i A Petition of Sir John St. Aubyn Baronet, and Ed-

U?e of Dock ward Bridges Blacket, Do cl or in Divinity, on behalf of

Yards. themselves, and others who were Proprietors of Lands mentioned in an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth and for better fort ifying the Town of Portsmouth, and Citadel of Plymouth, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; reciting, That, by the said Act of the last Session, it is di-rested, that if any Lands, veiled in Trustees by the former Act therein referred to, should belong to any Body Corporate, or Person not capable by Law to take and dii-pole of the several Sums of Money which should be due and payable for their respective Interests in such Lands, then such Money should be paid into the Hands of the Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, for the Use of such Body Corporate, or Persons under such Disability; and which Sums of Money are thereby directed to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, in Places most convenient for the Persons interested; and the Ellatesfo tobepurchasedare directed to be settled to the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as the former Estates were settled at such time as they became vested in the Trustees therein mentioned; and Vol. 28.

that until such Purchases should be made, the Deputy Remembrancer should place such Money out in Parliamentary Funds, or upon other good Securities; and alleging, that, in pursuance of thelaft-mentioned Act, Debentures, amounting to the Sum of £.24,117 12 s. 6d. have been made out* ready to be paid to the said Deputy Remembrancer, for the Use of the Proprietors of such Lands; but Doubts and Difficulties having arisen touching the Execution of the said Act, which have prevented the said Deputy Remembrancer from receiving the said Money from the Office of Ordnance, the said Proprietors are like to be Sufferers by the Monies not being laid out on the public Funds, or other good Securities, in regard the Board of Ordnance are not enabled to pay any Interest for the principal Sums due to the said Proprietors, for any further Time than until the 25th Day of August 1759, on which Day it was ready to have been paid to the said Deputy Remembrancer; and that the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes of this House; that there was an Instruction for making Provision, in the Bill for applying a Sum of Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards taking down and removing the Magazine for Gunpowder near Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and erecting a new Magazine fot Gunpowder at Pur fleet, near the River of Thames,in the County of Essex, to obviate fudi Doubts and Difficulties:

But in regard the Petitioners Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, are now in the Possession of the Crown, and the Petitioners cannot receive any Rent or Income therefrom, and the Petitioners have not by any Means prevented or delayed the said Monies being laid out for the Benefit of the Petitioners, or the Trulls in the said Act carried into Execution,therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration; and to give them such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Sir Charles Mor daunt.

Sir John Philipps, Sir Walter Blackett, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Kynaston, Lord North, Mr. Bagot, Sir Geo. Savile,

Mr Northey, Mr. Vyner, Mr. For refer, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Fidlcr, Sir Francis Pooler Mr. Bacon, Mr. Stanley, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Toiv?iJhend, Sir John Hinde Coilon, Mr. Montaguy Mr. Morton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Moore, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Thoroton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall,

SomerJ'et, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Militia Pay an Ellimate of the Charge of Pay of the Militia of that and Clothings Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1760:

And a Committee was appointed accordingly of Mr.

John Pitt, Mr. Thoroton, Lord North, Mr. Stanley, Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Northey, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bacoii,

Sir John Ci ft, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir FrancisDash* wood, Mr. Ryder, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Montagu, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Jennings, Sir Walter Blackett;

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

Sandys, Sir Wm. PeereWilliams, Mr. Moore, Lord IIany Powlett, Mr. Rose Fuller, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. For-refer. Sir Richard Grosvenor, Wlv.TowiJhend, Mr: Veit ch,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Felloives, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Martin, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Whit* worth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilkes, M\\ Grenville, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Cooke, Mr. West, Mr. Chester, Sir Thomab Robinson: And they are to meet this Afternoon at'Fivd of the Clock, in the Sneaker’s Chamber.

10 P The

Keith’s Disabilities by Attainder.

Exportation of BuckJe Chapes.

882 22b Ap A. 1760.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable George Keith, late Earl Mareschal, to sue or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him, or which he was intitled unto in Reversion dr Remainder before his Attainder.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Forrejier took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Forrejier reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read

The House proceeded to take into Conficleration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford; and also the Petition of the Factors, Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Waif all, in the County of Stafford; and also the Petition of the Manufacturers of Iron Chapes for Buckles, residing in the several Towns of Wolverhampton, Waif all, and Bil/lon, in the County of Stafford, and of Birmingham, in the County of Wanoick; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Fa6tors, and Traders, of the Cities of London and Westminster \ were referred.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the Three first-mentioned Petitions,

Mr. Matthew Bolton, a Toymaker of Birmingham, being examined, said, That upwards of Eight thousand People are employed in Buckle-making in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, the Returns of which are £. 300,000 per Annum, exclusive of the Hands employed in making Tools, and preparing Materials: That Buckles, are composed of Copper, Brass, Iron, Tin, Spelter; and that great Quantities of Buckles are set with Glass, in Imitation of Jewelry: That, on an Average, Chapes are One Third of the Value of the ordinary Sort of Buckles; but there are Buckles made, that the Chapes are not One Tenth of the Value:

That the Home Consumption of Buckles bears no Proportion to the Exportation, as the greateit Part of the £.300,000 is exported out of the Kingdom:

That the Witness believes there are about 2,500 Iron Chape-makers in the Counties of Wanvick and Stafford: That the Price of Chapes has been raised £. 15 per Cent. wit hin these Eighteen Months, owing to the great Demand for Exportat ion:

That if the Exportation of Chapes was prohibited, and they could be had at a reasonable Price, it would prevent Foreigners getting them, and by that means keep the Buckle Trade at home, and that he does not apprehend it will diminish the Number of Chnpe-makers: That the Chape-forgers can get 205". per Week, and the Filers from 9s. to 15^. per Week: That Chape-makers make much better Wages than other Manufacturers in the hard Ware, and may be kept conllantly employed, but they will work but Four or Five Days in a Week:

That the Chape-makers have entered into Combinations, and have declared they should raise their Prices 35. in the Pound; and that Chapes, that were formerly fold lor 18d. per Dozen, are now is. 9d. and not so good: i^id that this llife is owing to the foreign Demand: That he thinksChapes cannot be made abroad, as they have not many Materials sufficient for that Purpose:That the Chape-makers give the Preference to English Iron, and will not use foreign Iron; but that Foreigners might 16

endeavour to get English Iron, if they knew the Difference between that and foreign Iron:

That there are Secrets in the Buckle Trade, which Foreigners are Strangers to, which, induces him to think that Buckles canrtot be made so well abroad as in England:

That if the Exportation of Chapes was prohibited* the Exportation of Buckles would increase, and as many Hands be employed in Chape-making as at present.

And, being asked the Question; laid, That the Materials and Profits of the Mailer Buckle-maker is almost Half; for if a Master employs Forty Men, and gets £.40 per Week, he pays £.20 to his Journeymen, and that Journeymen’s Wages is as £.20 to £. 15.

Mr. John Scott, a Factor, being examined, laid, That he exports Toys in general:

That the exporting of Chapes is very ir jurious to Trade, and makes the Buckles come much dearer, and Foreigners can make them cheaper, by which means lie has had his Orders countermanded:

That Chapes 'which cost i8i\ or 195*. a Gross Eighteen Months ago,now coll 23s. or 245’. and not so good: That Foreigners give more for their Chapes than we can afford to give; for, if we were to give as much as they do, we should not be able to fell our Buckles; and that the foreign Demand for Buckles is owing to their being better manufactured in Birmingham than abroad: That bisCorrespondents will not submit to the advanced Price; and they will not pay any advanced Price more than original Pattern was lent at; and that their Orders come at such Prices now, they are not able to execute them: That the Chape-makers have advanced in their Prices from £.10 to £.15 per Cent, which obliges the Buckle-makers to raise the Price of their Buckles: That they formerly exported great Quantities of Buckles to Portugal; but they now fend none; but their Orders are now for Chapes, Tools, and Materials: That he has received Orders for 50 or 60 Gross of Chapes, Three or Four times in a Year; and that the Demand for Buckles decreases as the Demand lor Chapes increases: That Buckle Rings can be made here considerably cheaper and better than in Spain and Germany: That there are not Chapes enough madein the Country to answer the foreign Demand, and home Consumption; and that if the Chape-makers were to make 100 Gross more of Chapes per Week, they would all be taken off by the Buckle-makers: And therefore, if the Exportation of Chapes was prohibited, it would not lessen the Number of Chape-makers.

Mr. William Parkes, a Buckle-maker in Birmingham, being examined, said, That they now give 21 d. per Dozen for thofeSort of Chapes, for which they formerly gave but 18c/.; and be apprehends the Cause of such Rife is owing to the great Demand for Exportation: That Chapes cannot be made so well abroad as in England; and that he believes there are 2,000 Chape-makers in the Counties of Warxvick and Stafford:

That the Orders for Buckles in the Year 1759, were more than for any preceding Y"ear; but that not Half of them could be executed, because they could not get Chapes to put in their Buckles; and the Witness has now some Thousand Dozens of Buckle Rings by him, as dead Stock, for want of Chapes; and that he has discharged many of his Men for want of Chapes: and those that have advanced the Price of Chapes, have had their Orders countermanded:

That there are particular Arts in the Manufacturing of Buckles, which Foreigners are quite Strangers to; and that if Foreigners could attain the Knowledge of those Arts, it would destroy their Trade and the Toy Trade in general; and that if Half a Dozen Buckie-ninkers were seduced Abroad, they would easily communicate that Knowledge:

That he apprehends, if the Exportation of Chapeswere prohibited, there would be sufficient Employment for all the Chape-makers, as there are many other Parts of the Iron Manufactory, which they would readily come into; and those Trades are in Want of Hands.

Mr.

33 GeO.IL 22° Ap883

Mr. Elias Walling confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Parkes.

Mr. William Dairy 7:1 pie, a Spanish Merchant, being examined, said, That he hasaHouse in Spain, and deals in the Manufigures of Hard Ware in thisCountry :That there are some few Buckle Rings made in Spain, which are increased for some Time past, on account of getting Chapes from England: but that the Quality of those Rings are notfo good as ours: That the Carriage and Duty of English Rings to Spain comes to Half the Value of them; by which Means they can make them cheaper there; but that he never knew that any Chapes were made there; as they have no Coal Fire, and Labour is much dearer, and the Quality of their Iron not so tit for that Purpose; and that if the Exportation of Chapes was prohibited, the Spaniards would be obliged to take our Buckles and Chapes:

That he is many Months behind in his Orders from Spain, for want of Chapes.

Mr. Francis Ge/fon,nSpanish Merchant,confirmed the Evidence of My. Dahymple, and added, That he knows Chapes have been exported to the Spanish West Indies, to work their Rings there; and he is certain, that if Chapes were not sent there, they must take our Buckles and Chapes, as the}r cannot make Chapes there:

That he now wants above £.1,000 worth of Buckles; and that Buckles are advanced £. 15 per Cent, at Birmingham; and he could not get his Orders executed in Time, on Account of not having Chapes to put in their Rings; and that the Witness knows several Merchants, who have countermanded their Orders, because they could not get them in Time, owning to the Scarcity of Chapes.

Mr. John Bajkerville, being examined, said, That he knows the principal Buckle-makers in Birmingham, and he does not believe them to be a rich Body of People; and the Journeymen Buckle-makers are very poor; he does not think that any Master Buckle-maker in Birmingham, is worth £. 4,000; but there are Half a Score which he believes are worth £. 1,000.

That he does not apprehend Chapes can be manufactured so well in any other Country as in this, as he presumes Foreigners have not Ingenuity enough to make them so neat and cheap; but he does not doubt, but a few Foreigners may be taught to do it, but in general have not ingenuity:

That if the Exportation of Chapes to the Countries that now receive them was prohibited, he does not think it would be in their Power to make them.

Mr. John Floury, a Dealer in Hard Ware in Birming-ham, being examined, said. That Buckles are made of Brass, Spelter, and Copper: That the Buckle-maker’sBu-fmefs has greatly decreased for the last Eighteen Months, owing to the great Demand for Chapes from Abroad.

That the Journeymen Chape-makers are extremely poor, and desire that the Exportation of Chapes may not be prohibited: That the Toy Trade will be greatly prejudiced, if the Buckle-makers are seduced Abroad, more than it will be if the Chape-makers go Abroad; and that the Journeymen Buckle-makers are greater Artists than the Chape-makers:

That Iron has advanced 40 s. per Ton, since Christmas last.

And the Witness apprehends, That the Advance upon Iron and Materials for making Buckle Chapes, bear no Proportion to the Advance upon Chapes:

That Chapes are dearer now than they have been for Seven Years past; and that he never heard, that the Buckle-makers exported Rings without Chapes:

That the Rife of Chapes is owing to the great Demand: That the Buckle-makers could not get Chapes sufficient to answer their Demands:

That he has heard they make Chapes in Flanders; and yet they give the Preference to ours; but apprehends, if they could bring the Manufacture to Perfection, they would npt take ours.

Mr. William Parkes, being further examined, said. That the Demand for Buckles and Chapes increased to-VoL. 28.

gether; and that the Demand for Buckles was occasion- Exportation ed by the great Number of People going to settle in ic

Amenca; and that the Chape-makers have refused to make for the Home Trade, being obliged to answer their Demands from Abroad; and that a Merchant told him, that he could export all the Chapes that could be made in the Trade: That he used to employ above Twenty Hands; but he has not employed above Nine or Ten these Twelve Months.

To prove the Allegations of the Fourth-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Joseph Green, a Chape-maker in Birmingham, being examined, said, That he employs Fourteen Hands, about Four of whom are Men, and the rest are Children:

That the Business of the Chape-makers employs above as many more Hands as are employed in the making of Buckle Rings: That the Materials for making Chapes have rose; but that the Chapes have rose very little That there are not so many Manufacturers as formerly:

That many have infilled into the Army for want of Employment: That he does not make Chapes for Exportation:

That he has introduced a new Method of making Chapes, and produced One to your Committee, which he find, was in the State in which he delivers them to the Filer; and that they may be worked into that State as cheap, and are as strong, as in the old Method; One of which likewise in the state wherein they are delivered to the Filer, was also produced to your Committee; but appeared to require much more Labour to finidi it, than, that made in the new Method: That if the new Method was known, any Person might make them; he could teach them himself in Haifa Year; and that Charcoal id the best Fire to make the new Chape with, as the Heat is more intense; but could not teach them the old Method.

That he apprehends, if the Exportation^ Chapes was prohibited, it would be an Encouragement to the Workmen to go Abroad: That the Chape-makers Wages is very low; a Forger may get from 10s. to 15s. per Week; and the Filers about 8s. per Week, on an Average: That the advanced Price for Exportation, is£. 5 per Cent. and a little more upon Goods for Home Con* liimption:

That the Demand for Toys in general has been very great, which has laid the other Manufacturers under ad many Difficulties as the Buckle-makers, to get their Orders executed; not Two-thirds of them have been able to execute them: That the Business of Button-making is more considerable than the Buckle-makers; and that they have laboured under the same Inconveniencies: That it is owing to a Spanish Fleet, now fitting out; and that he apprehends there will be a Stagnation in the Toy Trade in general,when that Fleet is jailed

That if the Exportation of Chapes is prohibited, the Buckle-makers will lower the Price of Chapes; and if Foreigners cannot get them from hence, they will make them themselves: That lie could teach them by a Letter; and that there will not be Employment for the Manufacturers now in the Trade: That many Buckle-makers have Rings by them, but not any Chapes, which is owing to their Appreliension, that the Exportation of Chapes will be prohibited; and that they shall then get them at their own Prices:

That the Profits of the Buckle-makers greatly exceed the Profits of the Chape-makers.

That he served his Apprenticeship to a Button-maker; but hearing of the great Demand for Chapes, he invented a new Method of making them, by which he makes them as strong as by the old Method, and can fell them as cheap; and that Charcoal is the best Fire for his Invention.

That he never saw a soldered Chape before he invented them himself.

That if a Chape-maker was to employ Thirty Hands, he could not clear One-ihird as much as a Buckle-maker with the same Number of Hands.

Mr.

Exportation vf Buckle Chapes.

884

11 Ap.

A. 1760.

Mr. John Merry, a Chape-maker near XValfall, being examined, said, That he has been in Business Thirty Years, and employs Twelve People-, and that their Wages are 7 s. Ss. 10s. and iis. per Week: That they have not raised their Prices: That the People in his Business are in general very poor:

That he makes Chapes for Exportation; and that there have been great Demands for Chapes and Toys in general lately; and that he has not been able to execute all his Orders; but that if the Exportation of Chapes is prohibited, he apprehends it will hurt him, as there will then be but one Market:

That he has known several Buckle-makers export Chapes without Rings; upon which the Chape-makers made Application to the Merchants, to have the Profits of Exporting as well as they: That there has not been any greater Demand for Chapes within these Eighteen Months, than the Chape-makers have been able to supply; and that he has not heard any Complaint for want of Chapes at Walsall; I know some Buckle-makers are against the Application, apprehending it will be of more Prejudice to them than the Chape-makers; and that the Home Consumption only would not be sufficient to employ the Chape-makers: That he has heard of some inconsiderate People at Bilston, who attempted to raise the Price of Chapes; but the leading People would not come intoit: That Chapes were dearer formerly than at present: That the Exportation of Chapes has decreased with respect to himself: That he has made Use of the Chapes invented by Mr. Green, and finds, they will wear as well, and are as good in every respect as the other:

That the Orders for Exportation are not now so great as usual: That when Merchants have applied to him, he has endeavoured to get them served as fall as possible, and could not always answer their Demands; but he always gave the Preference to the Buckle-makers Orders; and the Buckle-makers Price exceeded the Merchants: That the home and foreign Markets require the Commodities to be equally good: That a Gross of Chapes worth 20.V. Advance of Price upon Materials, not is.

That the Forks of the new Chapes are as good as the forged ones; and the Spikes are better; I know some Buckle-makers are against the Application, apprehending it will be of more Prejudice to them than the Chape-makers: And,

Mr. Green being again called, said, Birch and Heath imagined it would be detrimental to the Buckle-makers themselves to prohibit the Exportation.

Mr. Elias Walling, being further examined, said, That he was one of the Persons who went about to get Names to the Subscription, and Mr. Heath of Birming-ham told him, be would not subscribe any thing, imagining it would do him Hurt, as he had engaged with a Number of Workmen at a certain Price; and therefore was in no Danger of being hurt by continuing the Exportation of Chapes. The Witness could not say for what Time Mr. Heath had contra6led.

To prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition,

Mr. Simon JVilfon, a Merchant, being examined, said, That he is concerned in the Exportation of Hard Wares: That within these Eighteen Months, the foreign Demand for Chapes has increased considerably, and the Demand for Buckles has decreased: That he has given many Orders for Buckles lately, that have not been executed for want of Chapes; and that the Exportation of Chapes will greatly diminish the Orders for Buckles; and that he has countermanded Orders for Buckles: That if the Buckle-makers should raise their Prices, it will be a great Prejudice to Trade, because it will put Foreigners on attempting to make the same Manufactures; and that the great Demand arises from the low Price of the Buckles:

That he could have exported more Buckles if they could have been finiftied:

That he has not had more Orders for Tovs than he has

been able to execute, except for Buckles: That Buckles is by far the most considerable Article in the Toy Trade:

That the greatest Demand for Chapes has been from Portugal, which he apprehends is owing to the making Buckle Rings there, and to Buckles being prohibited from going there; and that the Prohibition took Place before the Demand for Chapes increased.

Mr. Bolton, being further examined, said, That the Orders for Chapes have greatly increased of late Years; and that the greatest Part of the Exportation has been in the common Sort of Buckles; and he produced to your Committee Specimens of Several Sorts of Buckles: —

That they cannot make Chapes in Spain and Portugal so good and cheap as in England, as they have no flitting or rolling Mills; and if they were to import Iron there, it would be of too high a Price for the Manufacture; and they have neither Workmen nor Coals: — That the Germans can make Chapes; but they take a great Quantity of us, as their Iron is not so fit for Chapes; and if they could make Chapes sufficient, they would not buy of us; and if we were deprived of our Chape-makers, we should be a long Time before others could be instructed; and by that means the Trade would be loft.

There mull be some invincible Impediment to making Chapes in Germany, because, if they could make them, they would make them £. 100per Cent, cheaper than we.

Mr. Edward Keep, a Merchant, being examined, said. That he is largely concerned in the Exportation of Hard Ware: That he has had large Orders for Buckles; but could not execute them for want of Chapes: Several of those Orders were given last September, and are not executed at this Time; and that the Buckle-makers write him Word, that the Rings are ready, but they flaud Hill for want of Chapes; and if the Exportation of Chapes is not prohibited, it will destroy the Buckle Trade in Time:

That if the Buckle-makers advance their Prices, Correspondents abroad will not pay them; he has in Consequence countermanded several Orders, because Foreigners would not give the advanced Price:

That a Foreigner, a Swiss, brought a Chape to him, which was made in his Country; and the Witness asked him, why he came here for Chapes? and heanswered, because you make them cheaper than we can; the Chape was well made, and fit for good work; it was not fit for that Sort of Buckle we commonly export; and he does not apprehend tJiey can make the common Sort of Chapes so well:

That there has been a Scarcity of Buckles for about Six Months, occasioned by the great Demand for Chapes from Abroad.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Bcfolved, That this House will Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The House being informed, that the Overseer of the Account? Poor of the Parish of Saint Michael Royal, London, and ParisliC/l also the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes of Saint rcn* Thomas the Apofile, London, Saint Mazy Woolnorth. Saint Bartholomezo the Great, London, Saint James Garlick Hill, and Saint Mary Maun thaw, attended at the Door;

They were severally called in; and at the Bar, severally presented to the House,

Accounts, pursuant to the Orders of this House, of the 4th Day of March last, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to lay before this House, the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And they severally withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were severally read.

And the said Accounts were severally ordered tolie upon the Table,tobe per.used by the Members of ihe House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And


33 Geo. II. 23°

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

S«pply Bill; ConloSidated Annuities*

Adwicke

Inclosure.

Duke of Devon shire’s Bftates.

Marquis

Aqnandale’s

Eft ate.

Papists Deeds and WiJIs.

Spencer’s

Estate.


Mercurii, 230 Aprilis \

Anno 33° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760. Praters.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Bennei and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for adding certain Annuities granted in the Year 1759, to the joint Stock of Three per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, 29th, and 32d Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for carrying the several Duties, therein mentioned, to the Sinking Fund; and for cancelling such Lottery Tickets as were made forth in pursuance of an Act, of the 30th Year of his present Majestys Reign, and were not disposed of; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Adwicke in the Street9 in the County of York; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the most Noble William Duke of Devonshire, to make Leases for any Term, not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, of certain Estates lying in the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, devised to him by the Will of the Right honourable Dorothy Countess of Burlington, deceased; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Major General Cornwallis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Earl of Hopetoun, Curator of Law to George Vanden Bempde, Marquis of Annandale, his Uncle, a Lunatic, and the Curator of Law of the said Marquis, for the Time being, to grant Feus of certain Lands, Houses, and others, in the County of Dumfries; and to exchange the Lands therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Veitch do carry she Bill to the Xords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John Rushout, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the -Question severally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower John Spencer Esquire, to make Leases of the Manor of Wimbledon and of Lands and Grounds in Wimbledon, Barnes, Morllacke, East Sheen, Putney, and Wandfivorth, in the County of Surrey, given and devised by, and purchased in pursuance of, the Will of the most Noble Sarah, late Duchess Dowager of Marl-Vql. 28,

borough respectively, in order for building upon and ^improving the same, was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, ThatMaj0r GeneralCorntvallis do carry, the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint theip, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment*

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the real Estate of Thomas Beynon Esquire, a Lunatic, for discharging the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for laying out the Residue of the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Thomas Beynon, and his Heirs, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Rofc Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, settled by John Mpres Fagge Esquire, upon the Marriage of Elizabeth his Daughter with Sir John Peachey Baronet, in Trustees, to convey the same to Sir William Peere Williams Baronet; and for settling Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That M r. Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions, in the respective Courts 'Baron ,of the HiHidred of High Peak, and Manor of Castleton, in the County of Derby, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions, in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak, and Manor of Castleton, in the County of Derby.

Then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof was filled up by theiulerk at the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornton,do carry thei Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the entailed Estate of the late Francis Char ter is Esquire, and for purchasing of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Feitch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Common, in the Township of Ardfiey, and Parish of Dar-field, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. L. 37. After, c< Church," to iafert, " and the " Mailer and Fellows of Trinity College, in Cambridge."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Common in the Townfiiip of Ardfiey, and Parish of Barfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pallures,common Meadows, commonGrounds, and waste Gi)Qunds, in the Parish of Blakcfiey, in the 10 Q County

Beynon*i . Estate*

Fagge’s

Estate.

High Peak, &c. Courts Baron.

Charted* Estate.

Ardfley

Inctofure.

Blakefley

Inclosure.

886 i Aprili1760*

County of Northampton, exclufivC of the Ilamlet of Wood End, in the said Parish, was read a Second time.

Resolved, Tt\&ttheB\\\ be committed to Mr. Cartzorigkf, Mr. Cooke, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Alderman Didcin-son, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fellozves, Sir George Savile, Mr. Robinson Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Ward, Mr. Tozon/hend, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ofzvald, Mr. Thornton, S\r John Philipps, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lozondes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Sandys. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Plumptrc, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Moore, Mr. Willes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Hammond, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Pluthmer, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Chetuynd, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Chester, Mr. West, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Geo. Onslow; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Bucks, Warzcick, Oxford, and Leicester . And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

Afyhy Guise A Bill for the inclosing and dividing the common Inclosure. Fields, common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and other common and wade Lands, lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Afpley Gaifc, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr, Thornton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Willes, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Chester, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fuller, Sir Geo,

Savile, Mr. Hewett, Mr, Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chetzuynd, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hayzvard,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Buller, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sargent, '

Mr. Chomley, Mr. Tucker, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Foley, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Crefzoell, Sir Thortias Palmer, Mr. Vyner, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Calthorpe, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Clive, and all the Members. who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Hertford, Bucks, and Northampton; and they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, iti the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Meetings of for enlarging the Times for the First Meetings of Com- Commission* missioners, or Trustees, for putting in Execution certain certabAas. Acts of this Session of Parliament: And that Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Cartwright, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, who Militiafy were appointed to prepare an Efiimate of the Charge and of Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain* CIo!hlu&* called England, when unembodied; and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied; for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1760; and to make Report thereof to the House; that the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pay of the Militia when unembodied; and of the Clothing of the Militia now unembodied; for One Year, beginning the 25th of March 1760.

Pay to 30,840 private Men, at is. each, 22 Days -

D°‘ to 70 Adjutants, 6s. a Day each - -

D° to 1,54a Serjeants, at 1 s. a Qay $ach ——

D° to 1,200 Drummers, at 6 d, a Day each r - -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2s. 6d. a Week each -

D° to 70 Drum Majors at 6 d.a Day each - -

D° to 1,542 Corporals, at 6d. a Day each, 22 Days - -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £. 50 a Year each -

Allowance for Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at -

Allowance to each Battalion for contingent Expences, at the Rate of 5 d.per Month per Man

Clothing for 691 Serjeants, now unclothed, each at £. 3 10 s.

D° for 517 Drummers, now unclothed, each at £. 2 - -

D° for 13,536 private Men, now unclothed, each at £. 1 10 s.

£ d.

33,024-----

7,665-----

28,141 10 —

10,950-----

455 — —

848 2 —

3,500 -

4,000-----

7,710-----

2,418 10 —

1,034-----

20,304-----

121,588 17 —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Surp'y. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

w'avs and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to >leans. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

EXVor'.r.'r n Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-pt'Bmfcle ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ct ai c^. House, to take into Consideration the Report which was made from the Co nmittee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inha-

bitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford; and also the Petition of the Factors, Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Walsall, in the County of Stafford; and also the Petition of the Manufacturers of Iron Chapes for Buckles, refidingin the several Towns of Wolverhampton, Walsall, and Bilston, in the County of Stafford, and of Birmingham, in the County of Warzcick; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Factors, and Traders, of the Cities of London, and Westminster; were referred.

The postponed Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supp! ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Wj ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 2pd*

House,

33 Geo. IL

130 — 24c

887

House to consider further of Ways and Means for Estimate of the Charge of 959 Cavalry* and 1,454 Brtmfwicfc raising the Supply granted to his Majesty. Infantry, the Troops of the reigning Duke of Brunfivickt Troop*/

in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House* by And the Title of the said Estimate was read, his Majesty’s Command, The said Estimate is as followeth* viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 959 Cavalry, and 1,454 Infantry* the Troops of the reigning Duke of

Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty.

£ s. d.

163 Days German Pay, for 959 Cavalry, from 15th July to 24th Dec. 1760, both inclusive - - - - 5,433 14

285 Days German Pay, for 1,454 Infantry, from 15th March to 24th Dec.

1760, both inclusive - -- - 8,233 2 li

Pay for 2,413 Men to 24th December 1760 -

Remount-Money for 959 Cavalry at 80 Crowns each - -18,460 15 —

Levy-money for 1,454 Infantry, at 30 Crowns each - - - -10,496 1 3

Re-mount and Levy Money ——

Ordinary Subsidy, at the Rate of 61,287 Crowns a Year, from ift November

1759> to 24*h December 1760 ----- -16,928 18 —

Six Months advanced Subsidy, from the Day of Requisition, till the Cavalry are by Treaty to enter upon Pay* viz. from the 15th January 1759, to the 15th July 1760, at the Rate of61,287 Crowns a Year - - - 7,373 ir 10

Subsidies - - .-----

War Office, 23d April 1760.

Barrington.

£ t. d.

13,666 1,6 10J 28,956 16 3

24,302 9 it

66,926 3 — i

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Accounts of The House being informed. That the Vestry Clerks Parish of the several Parishes of St. Anne, late the Hamlet of Children. JLimehouse, in the Parish of Stepney, in Middlesex; St.

Margaret and St. John the Evangelist, Westminster j and St. Anne, Blackfryars, attended at the Door

They were severally called in and, at the Bar, severally presented to the House,

Accounts, pursuant to the Orders of this House of the 4th Day of March Jaft, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to Jay before this House, the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And they severally withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were severally read.

And the said Accounts were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 40 die Aprilis;

Anno 330 Georgii lldi Regis, 2760.

Prayers.

Accounts of np H E House being informed, That the Church-war-A dens of the Parishes of St. Mary Magdalen, Old i rcn. gtree^ Londoni and St. Margaret Moses, in Friday

Street, attended at the Door;

They were severally called in; and, at the Bar, severally presented to the House,

Returns to the Orders, of this House, of the 4th Day of March Jaft, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to lay before this House, the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And they severally withdrew.

And the said Returns were severally read,

Vol. 28.

drdered. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Greenwich1 the more effectual securing the Payment of such Prize Hospital. and Bounty Monies as were appropriated to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, by an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the inore speedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s Navy: And that Admiral Townsend, Mr. Peter Burrell, and Sir James Creedy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Meetings of Order, a Bill for enlarging the Times for the First Meet- Commission-ings of Commissioners or Trustees, for putting in Exe- "I'*1" cution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament: And

the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Account his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give of Address Directions, that an Account be laid before this House, Money, of all Sums of Money which have been issued by his Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing the open Hinckley and common Fields of Hinckley, in the County of Inclosure. Leicefiei'y was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing and dividing the open and common Fields of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Palmer do carry the Bill to jthe Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable George Keith, late Earl Keith’s Dif-Mareschal, to sue or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder j and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate, that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him, or which he was inti tied unto in Reversion or Remainder, before his Attainder; was read the Third time.

Rejoiced,

888 24° — 2 A1760.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable George Keith, late Earl Mareschal, to sue 614 maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him, or which he was intitled unto in Reversion, or Remainder, before his Attainder.

Ordered, That Mr. Farr after do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Widening A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bril for London widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages within treats. tjje of London and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for determining Disputes about rebuilding Houses or the Party Walls thereof, wherein several Persons have an intermixed Property; and for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the said City and Liberties; be now read the Third time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent* as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third time.

Rdolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,_ An Act for widening, certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the City of London and Libert ies thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

Ordered, That Sir Robert Ladbroke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the allowing further Time for Papists Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for ^S5?|S.an* Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was read the Third 1 time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title* be. An Act for the allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and ATills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers,

Ordered, That Sir John Rushout do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Member* whole House, upon the Bill to enforce and render more Qualifica-effectual the Laws relating to the Qualification of Mem- tion# bers to fit in the House of Commons.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refufoed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same*

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Brunswick Majesty’s Command, Troops.

Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation to the Troops of the reigning Duke of Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to an ulterior Convention, concluded and signed at Paderborn, the 5th March 1760.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Augmentation of the Troops to the reigning Duke of Brunswick, in tfye Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to an ulterior Convention, concluded and signed at Paderborn, the 5th Day of March 1760.

238 Days GcrntanVaj for 754 Infantry, from the ift May to 24th December 1760 ——

207 Days German Pay for 246 Cavalry, from the ift June to 24th December

1760 -.....-----

Pay for 1000 Men to 24th December 1760 -

Levy-money for 754 Infantry, at 30 Crowns each -Remount-Money for 146 Cavalry, at 80 Crowns each -

Proportion of the ordinary Subsidy, settled by Treaty, for the Body of 2,413 Men, for the above 1,000 Men, from the ift November 1759, to the 24th December 1760 ----- - " -

Six Months advanced Subsidy, from the fit November 1759, to the ift May 1760, when the Augmentation enters into the Pay of Great Britain - -

War Office, April 23d, 1760.

Barrington.

£. s. d.

L791 1 3

1,800 14 7

5,442 18 9

4*735 —

7,016, 16 4 3>°56 5 "

£. s. d.

3,591 15 10 10,178 3 9

10,073 1 4

----- v.

*3>843 5 "

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be pefufed by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, £line of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 50 die Aprilis 4

Anno 33* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760. Prayers.

trecon, C I R John Morgan reported from the Committee, to Jtc. Roads. whom the Bill for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon, to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford; and for build-

ing a Bridge over theliiver Wye,at BredioardinePassage, in the same County; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and thea a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them Was disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several Of them, agreed toby the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

AMeffage

3 3 G EC. II. 15

Coomb Bow Bridge Roads.

Brighton B >rs, &c. Road,

Boat ham Indofore.

West

Farndon

Inclosure.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and Mr. Browning;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to the Borough of Lamiceston, in the County of Cornwall; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at B ought on y within the Liberties of the City of Cheficr, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County, of Salop, to I vet fey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Cajile Broomzvich, and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton on Arden, in the County of Warwick, and from Cajtle Broomzvich to Birmingham, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Southam, in the County of Warzvick; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, of and in the Manor,. Hamlet, and Liberties, of Wefi Farndon, in the ParifJi of Woodford, otherwise Haifa Woodford, in the County of Northampton\ without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Estimafe of the Expehceof maintaining from the 8th Day of February 1760 exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1760 inclusive, such Children as were received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of ettposed and deserted young Children;, between the said 8th Day of February and the 26th Day of March 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper intituled; " Anno 1758, The " Account of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; distinguishing every Arti-w cle of Expence, under its proper Title be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Comm ittee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Mondhy Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Exportation <}f Buckle Chapes.

Supply.




p

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom^he Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warzvick; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford-, and also the Petition of the Factors, Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Waif all, in the County of Stafford; and also the Petition of the Manufacturers of Iron Chapes for Buckles, residing in the several Towns of Wolverhampton, Waif all, and Bilston, in the County of Stafford and of Birmingham, in the County of War-zcick; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Factors, and Traders, of the Cities of London and Westminster \ were referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ellimateof the Charge of the embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, within mentioned, from the respective Times that they were embodied, and of thefencible Men of Argyleshire, and Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders, in North Britain, from the Commencement of their Establishment, to the 24th Day of December 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Clothing for the embodied Militia, for the Year 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred from the 24th of November to the 24th December t 759, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Pet ition of Robert Charles Esquire, Agent for his Majesty’s Colony of New York, in America, to his Majesty, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paymaster General and Secretary at War’s Report, on the Petition of Robert Charles Esquire, Agent for Nezo York, be referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 28.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the several Laws in being relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That thby had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of V:Tays and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enforce and render more effectual the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to fit in the House of Commons, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Gonfi-deration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Jarrit Smith have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly; Andy

A Bill for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging, the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, leading thereto;

10 R " apd

Ways and Meant*

Members

Qualification#

Bristol

Bridge,

890

2$° Aprihs% A. 1760.

Bawtry to Sheffield Road.

and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said City, if necessary, and for opening proper Ways and Paflhges thereto; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jarrit

Shnithy Mr. Thornton, Mr. Chester, Mr. Hezoctt, Sir Gee.

Savile, Mr. Thoroton, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Kynqfian,

Mr, Elliott, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Bacon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Townjkend, Admiral

Town]end, Mr. Staunton, Mr. JLowndes, Mr. Fcltoxvcs,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fane, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Fullei',

Sir John Cust, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Norlhey,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Moore, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Cartwright\ Mr. Hayward,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Foley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Men'tin, Mr.

Aldecipaan Dickinson; and all the Members who serve

for the Counties of Gloucester, Somerset, Wilts, Devon,

Cornwall, and Dorset; And they are to meet this After-

noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir 'George Savile have Leave to make , a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly; And,

A Bill for amending and widening the Road from Bqwtry to Sheffield, ami from Sheffield to the South Side of Wort ley, in the County of York\ where it joins the . Turnpike. Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester,

was read a Secopd time.

ReJfQlved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Chester, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Jiewctt, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lewis, Mr. John Pitt, Sit Francis Poole, Mr. Northey, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Moore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Willes, Mr. Staun-

ton, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Thornton, Sir Robert Long,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Butler, Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Fellozves, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lyjter, Mr. Sandys, Admiral Townsend, Mr Alderman Dickinson, Mr, Clive, Mr. Fane, Mr Cartwright; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lancaster, Nottingham, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, Cutlers, Iron Manufacturers, and others. Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield\ in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon Monday the 14th Day of this Inilant April, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill lliould be read a Second time, might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred1 to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Admiral Townsend preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual securing the Payment of such Prize and Bounty Monies as were appropriated to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, by an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s Navj' and the same was received.

Ordered, That Admiral Townsend have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed. That Mr Poflethzvayt, from the Treasury, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1759, has been disposed of; diltin-guished under the several Heads, until the 25th Day of April 1760, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

AX

Bnwtry to Sh rti-ta Road.

Greenu ich Hofyiti 1.

of Gran

A.v ACCOUNT shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1759 has been dispofod of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 25th Day of April 17 Go, ar.d

the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

C

c-

N>

CO

D

in

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

FT


SERVICES:

Fur the Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 6o,oooo Men, including 14,845 Marines, from the lft of Jammy 1759

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea Officers -

Towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich -

Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy ....

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1759 - -.

For the Charge of Transport Service for the Year 1758, including the Expence of Victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said

Year

p

ca

B

ns

For Ordnance, Sea Service -

For Ditto, Land Service, v^ted £.-2-20,789. 1 is. pd. but there being a Saving of £ 96 2. 7s. 6d. in the Salaries of the Master-general. Secretary, and Clerks, that Sura is deducted, and no more charged than ——

For defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service not provided for by Parliament in 1758

For defraying the Charge of 52,543 Men, for Guards and Garrisons, and other his Majesty VLand Forces in Great Britain, Guernf.y, and Jersey, for the Year 1759

5

B*

For the Pay of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals for his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1759 For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Gibraltar, and for Proviffcns for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, Providence^ Cape Breton, and Senegal, for the Year 1759 -

For defraying the Charge of Four Regiments and One Battalion of Foot on the Irish Establishment serving in North America and Africa, for the Year 1750 ——

For defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops o! Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1759 -

For the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, upon Account ----- - ..

For Pensions to the Widows of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines ——

To the Out Pensioners of Chelsea I lol’pital, upon Account ——

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the Year 1758, and not provided for by Parliament -

For defray ing the Charge of 38,000 Men of the Troops of Hanover, IVolfenbuttle, Saxe Gotha, Tand Count of Buckchurg, together with that of General and Staff’Officers, actually employed against the common Enemy, in Concert with the King of Prufjhi, from 2 5th Deccmb r 1758, to 24th December 1759 -

For defraying the Charge of 2,120 Horse, and 9,900 Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Ho^ital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cuff'd, in the Pay of Great Britain, for 90 Days, from the 25th of December 1758, to the 24th of March 1759, both inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the same Time, pursuant to Treaty -

For defraying the Charge of what remains to be paid for the said 2,120 Horse, and 9,900 Foot, «$-c. for 365 Days, from the said 251 li December 1758, to the 24th December 1759, both inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the same Time, pursuant to Treaty For defraying the Charge of an additional Corps of 920 Ilorfe, and 6,072 Foot, together with the General and Staff* Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the said Landgrave of Ihjj'e Crf/el, in the Pay of Great Britain, for 365 Days, from the lft Day of January 1759, to the 31st Day of December following, pursuant to Treaty ——

To enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the said Landgrave of HeJJeCuJJel, pursuant to the separate Article belonging to a Treaty, concluded the 17th of January 1759 ——

Towards defraying the Charge of Forage, Bread, Bread Waggons, Train of Aitillefy, and of Provisions, Wood, Straw, be. and other extraordinary Expences, and Contingencies, of his Majesty’s combined Army, under the Command of Prince Ferdinand upon Account ——

To enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the King of Prvffta, pursuant to a Convention, concluded the 7th of December 1758 -

To enable his Majesty to discharge the principal Sum of £, 8oo,o©o, raised in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, of the 31st of George the 2d, and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted for the Service of the Year 1759, together with Interest for the same ——

Towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children to receive all such Children under a certain Age, to be by them limited; and also towards enabling them to maintain and educate such Children as are now under their Care, $c..-.....-....

Towards enabling the said Governors and Guardians to receive all such Children as shall be brought to the said Hospital before the lft of January, 1760, ——

£. s. d.

2,964,000 — — 238,491 9 8

10000-----

1,000,000 — — 200*000 — —

667,771 19 7

156,000-----

19,827 4 3

323,987 13 3

1,256,130 15 2

52,484 1 8

742,531 5 7

40,879 13 9

2,958 19 7

34»37 15 10

2,128-----

26,000 — —

466,785 10 5J

398,697wi7 2J

50,646 1

!82,25i 2 llj

97,582 17 IC4 60,000-----

Sums voted.

£ '

5,080,263 9 3

699,814 17 6

4,59*,444 1 9i

801,663 1

20,000 -

30,000 —

Sums paid.

£ 8. d.

Renrains to be paid. ________ Ud

£ d.

4,930,333 19 u

699,3r4 17 6

*49,9*9 9 4

4,59*2,444 1 9j

508,508 16 3a

20.000 — _____

30.000 -

00

*93,154 15 9i

Geo. II. 250 Apr Mis.


g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg.

RT

3

da

j

tt

Towards improving, widening, and enlarging the PatTage over and through London Bridge -

For supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony ot Nora Scotia, for the Year 1759 - " - -

For defraying the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the said Colony of AToc« Scotia', in the Year 1757* an^ not provided for by Parliament ....

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establilliment of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th June r 1758, to -24th June 1759 - - - - " .

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Art 30 OVorjfit z*11 on 5th 7^1758 - - - - - " " ", "

To replace to the Sinking Fund the Sum, paid thereout to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities on Single Lives, granted per Art 10° Georgii 2d* on 5 July 1758 - - " - - . - "

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1757, on the 25th of March 1759 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted 1757, on the 29th of September 1759 - p

_ Towards the extraordinary Expence of his Majesty’s Mint, pursuant to an Art of Parliament, 270 Georgii 2dl Page 230 -

To Roger Lon?, I). D. Lowndes's Agronomical aiufGeometrical ProiVlIor in the Uuiverlity of Cambridge, to discharge a Mortgage upon "an Ellate devifd by Thomas Lowndes Esquire, the Inventor of the Method for meliorating the Brine Salt of this Kingdom, for Endowment of thu laid Prose.Torship -

For maintaining and suppotling the Tlritish Foits and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa ——

Towards defray :ng the Charge of Pay anti Clothing for the Militia, from the 31st of December 1758, to the 25th Day of March 1760, end for repaying to his Majesty £ 1/332 ioj. advanced by his Majesty for Service of the Militia, pursuant to an Addrefsof the 29th of Xovember 175S ——

For making Comj) nfation to the Proprietors of i’uch Lands and Hereditaments as were purchased, pursuant to an Art 310 Georgii a*0 for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, Partsmouth, and Plymouth, &. c. and for interetl for the Purchase Money, to 25th of August 1759 ——

For defraying the Charges incurred in purfu.ince of the said Art of the 330 Georgii 2di for purchasing the said Lands, Sc. -Towards carrying on the Worksfor fortifying.and securing the Harbour of Mi/Jord ——

F*»r paying and discharging the Debts, with the necessary Expences attending the Payment of the fame, claimed on the Lands and Estate \\ it h became forfeited lo the Crown, by the Attainder of John Drummond -

To the E rl Luba Company 1 towai ds enabling them to defray the Expence of a military Force in their Settlements -To enable his Majesty to give a proper Compensation to the relpactive Provinces in North America, for their Expences in levying, clothing, and Pav of the Troops raised by them ——

Co make good to fns Majesty the like Sum, ifiiied to John Mill Esquire, for the Innholders of Southampton, &c. for their great Expences t>v the IIf[jian Troops having been so long billeted at their Houses, pursuant to an Address -

To make good to his Majesty the like Sum, iilued to the Judges of England, Scotland, and Wales, in Augmentation of their Salaries, pursuant to an Address* ——

*lo make good to hhs Majesty the like Sum, paid to the Adminitlratrix of Nicholas llardingc Esquire, being the Balance of his Account, for printing Journals, the like -

For 2) i (count after the Kate of£3 per Cent, to the Contributors to £. 6,600,000 granted for Service of the Year 1759, for the respective Sums advanced before the Days limited for Payment thereof -

To the Bank of England, in Reward for receiving the said £.(},600,000 and also for Rewards*and incident Charges attending the preparing ami drawing the Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and delivering out Certificates in Lieu thereof -To enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1750, ami to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappointor Defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Allairs my require ——

Ways and Means towards the said Services. s. d.

----- By 4Jh. per Lib. on Land.

— - — By the Malt Duties, continued Anno 1759.

— — By Annuities transferrable at the Bunk.

Out of the Sinking Fund.

By the Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1758.

Voted 15th December 1755, for the Empress of Russia, repaid into the Exchequer. ' Part of the Sum of £ 100,000 granted Anno 1758, for the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, applied towards the Scrviceof the Year 1759.

1.000,000----- Charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

- 15,00©-----

9,902 5 —

11,278 18 5

4.057 10 —

24.371 6 "2

8,881 11 io{

183>439 15 iof

53^*393 »9 4 8,9*9 *4 3i

1,280-----

10,000-----

90.000 -

34*521 15 9 2,443 3 1

10.000 -

69*910 15 9i

20.000 — —

200,000-----

2,500-----

11,450-----

778 16 6 16,921 3 2

16,318 4 6

1,000,000-----

13*108,555 1

15,006

9*902 5

ll*27I 18 5

4*057 10

*4*371 6 nj

8,881 11 ioi

183»439 15 io£

132.393 i» 4

8*919 14 3l

1,280

10,000 — —

1*332 10 —

34*521 15 9

2*443 3 1

3,350 — " —

69,910 15 9i

20,000 — —

200,000 — —

2,500 — —

11 >43° — —

OO r>. 16 6

16,921 3 2

16,318 4 6

1,000,000-----

12,570,153 6 1

2,000,000

750,000

6,6<jo,oooo

-.>,430,075

7:W°8

JO , COO

S'>,oooo

17 — i

3

- -1

Towards satisfying the Services which remain to be paid, there is to be raised on the Sinking Fuud, to complete £. 2,430,076 17s. d. $ granted as Part of the Ways and Means ——

Remains is the Deficiency of the Grants -

00

VO

4s>

88,667 10 —

6,650 — —

538*4°i 15 ii

13*°33»38.5 — 11

75,170 -i- 3} Deficiency of Grants.

13*108,555 1 ‘4

Thu Account, luted in Obedience to his Majesty’s Command, upon an Address of this honourable House, is humbly prefen ted, this 25th Day ef April 1760.

463,231 14 10 75A7o — 3*

Memorandum: There remains in the Exchequer the Sum of £. Q’JWJ 15s. 7tf.j

to answer Arrears of former Supplies j viz. £% Sm d.

For the late Marine Regiments - -- 16,506 5 2

African Company’s Creditors..... yG0 12 10

Georgia Bills, Residue of£. 15,496 19 i£ - 570 17 7J

Milford Haven granted Anno 1758 - 10,000-----

Referred for defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, provided for by the Art 320 Georgii 2di - - 20,000 — —

For the Use and Relief of his Majesty’s Subjects ip North and South Cmolina and Virginia, for their Services ----- 50,000-----

97>977 >5 7*

' James Po/Hcthwayt.

2 50 Aprtlis.

33 Geo. II.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Floufe.

w And then the Ilonfe adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luncs, 2 8°;

Anno 33* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

Pcnfvlrmia fj R D E R E D, That Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Stanhope,

5 Mr. Edward Elliott, Mr* Clive, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. lC!>* Jarrit. Smith, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for vesting certain Estates in Pcnfylvama and Nero Jersey, belonging to the Proprietors of a Partnership commonly called the Pcnfylvama Land Company in London, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising therefrom, and other the Estate belonging to the said Partnership, in Manner, and for the Purposes, in the Bill to be mentioned, is committed.

Afpky Guise Ordered, That Mr. Edward Elliott, Mr. Stanhope,

lnciofure. be to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the

inclosing and dividing the common Fields, common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and other common and waste Lands, lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Afpley Guise, in the County of Bedford, is committed.

Raymond An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act and Gator’s for exchanging certain Messuages, Lands, and Heredita-fcxchange* nients, in the Parities of Beckingham and Lewsham, in the County of Kent, Part of the Estate late of Hugh Raymond, Esquire, deceased, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the said Parish of Beckingham, belonging to John Cator the younger, and for settling the Lands, so taken in Exchange, to the same Uses as the Lands given in Exchange (land limited; and for enabling Jones Raymond and Peter Burrell, Esquires, to grant building Leases of other Parts of the Estate late of the said Hugh Raymond; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hcwctt, Mr. Thornton, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. 01-mitis, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Grafter, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Foley, Lord Strange, Mr. Hiijjey, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Moore, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Verney, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Callhorpe, Mr. Thorolon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Fuller, Lord Villiers, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Ilinde Cotton, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Grenville; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Essex, anil Surrey; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

AMeffage from the Lords by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

MiMenball The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Drainage, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the I fie of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River, South, Plant Load, and Brandon River, North, bounded 011 the West by the River Ouse, and on the Eastby Winter Load, Earjicell Brooke, and the Hard Lands of Milden-hall; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of* the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands; without any Amendment: Aik! also,

MaV.flcnc, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Jtc. Road. for t|ie amending, widening, and keeping iu Repair, the

Vol. 28.

893

Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone at the upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place called Tubs Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, in the said County, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Fritby Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Inclosure, Frijby upon the Wreak, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Olmius,

Sir Geo. Savile, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hexvett,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr.

Fellowes, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Foley, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Tucker, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Crafter,

Mr. Barry, Mr. Veit eh, Mr. Thorof on. Lord Strange,

Mr. Burrell, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Smith, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Scot, Mr.

Geo. Onslow, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Clive; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, Lincoln, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citi- \Torthleigh zens, of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, lnciofure. Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward, late King of England, the Sixth, Christ, Bridewell, and St.

Thomas the Apostle, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That by an Act of Parliament, lately passed, for dividing and inclosing certain open common Fields called Norlhleigh common Fields, and a common or Waste called Norlhleigh Heath, within the Parish or Town ship of Northleigh, in the County of Oxford,

Anthony Keck and William Lent hall, Esquires, Thomas Bafeley, Job Bafeley, and George Salmon, Gentlemen,

Moses Brookes and Edward Moulder Yeomen, were appointed Commissioners for making and inclosing the Allotments, and executing the Powers thereby given; and for settling the Charges incident to, and attending, the passing such Act, as well as their own and all other Expences in and about such Inclosures; and reciting Lveral other Parts of the said Act; and further alleging, that the said William Lenthall and Anthony Keck, attended a few Meetings at first, and afterwards withdrew themselves, and declined having any further Concern as Commissioners, and that JohnFofter, Yeoman, was appointed a Commissioner, and the said Thomas Bafeley, Job Bafeley, George Salmon, Moses Brooks, and John Fofter, were the only acting Commissionel's; and, having divided the Lands, an Award was made, and signed by the said George Salmon, Moses Brookes, John Foster, and no other Commissioner, reciting in Part the said Act, and that the Commissioners had examined the Expences of passing the fame, and of surveying and dividing the Lands, and preparing and inrolling their Award, and otherCharges, about the Premisses, and found the Total amounted to £. 1,500, (as by them settled and determined) and for the equal Payment thereof, proportioned the same by a Pound Rate, and authorized John Clarke, Gentleman, within Fourteen Days, to demand and receive such Proportions, and to apply the dune in Manner, and for the Purposes, mentioned in the Schedule annexed to the said Petition; and the Petitioners further allege, that the Whole of the Lands inclosed being only 1755 Acres, they apprehend, and are advised, that many of the Charges, in the said annexed Schedule mentioned, are exorbitant and unjnft, particularly the Items allowed for the Commissioners own Fees, and the Sum of^.131. 13^. allowed for eating and drinking; and also that many of the Items, comp riled in the Bills allowed to the Com-rpissioners Clerk, anil Country Solicitors, are unreasonable, and such as ought not to be allowed; and that the Commissioners have exceeded the Authority given by I lie said Act, in obliging the Petitioners, and other

jo S the

27* — 28° Aprilis.

894 5%° April 1760.

the Proprietors, to deposit an arbitrary Sum of £. 280 7 s. 7 d. in the Hands of their Clerk, without knowing whether so large a Sum will be necessary, or whether such Clerk, at the End of the Nine Years, would be reponli-ble or able to pay the fame, and have awarded the Petitioners to pay an equal Proportion of the said£. 280 7s. jd. with the other Proprietors,although the Petitioners are by the said A£fc exempted, in respect of their Glebe, from pay ing any Part of the Expence of inclosing the Vicar’s Allotment, and that the aforesaid Fees and Disbursements being so high and extraordinary, the Petitioners, as Guardians and Trullees for Charities, were unwilling to pay the famej and having taken Advice touching the Premisses, the Petitioners are informed, that as no Appeal is given by the Act in any one Instance from the Determination of the Commissioners, their Power is final, and their Acts cannot be con-troulecl by auy of his Majesty’s Courts at Westminster, and consequently the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors (however great the Imposition may be) are without Remedy, unless through the Justice and Interposition of thisHouse: And therefore praying the House to take the Premisses into Consideration, and to grant stich Relief therein, as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Perrolt, Esquire, Thomas Brown, William Compton, Ann Andrews, Edward Calcott, Thomas Ring, John Horne, Robert Taylor, John Franklin, Richard Wiggins, Richard Davis, Richard Calcutt, and William Davis, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Coddmgton Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom

Inclosure. ti)e g|jj for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadows, and other commonable Grounds in the Parish of Coddington, in the County of Nottingham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Mrs. Birket, who is possessed of Two Messuages, One Cottage, and Fourteen Oxgangs of Land, in the said Fields, who being applied to, said, flie w as an old Woman, and the Inclosure would be of no Advantage in her Life-time; but her Sons are both for it; William Pocklington, possessed of One Messuage, One Cottage, and Three Oxgangs of Land, who signed the Petition, but was indisposed when he was attended with the Bill; and Joseph Wingfield, possessed of One Messuage, One Cottage, and Three Oxgangs of Land, who refused to sign the Bill, because he held the Estate only for the Life of his Wife, and had no Children; and that the Property of the several Persons interested amounts to Fifteen Messuages, Twelve Cottages, and Eighty-five Oxgangs of Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing rolled.

Walton on An ingossed Bill for the inclosing and dividing divers the Hill Parcels of Commons and waste Grounds, lying and

Inclosure. being in the several Townships of Walton on the Ilitt, and Fazakerley, in the Parish of Walton on the Hill aforesaid, and County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, that the Act shall extend only to walie Grounds within Walton or Fazakerley.

And the said Clause Was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Amendment was also proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 14. L. 3.To leave out '‘‘after, and insert "not " exceeding."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bid was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the inclosing and dividing divers Parcels of Commons and walle Grounds, lying and being in the several Townships of Walton on the Hill, and Fazakerley, in the Parish of Walton on the Hilt aforesaid, and County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That AnfWerto their Address of Thursday last, that his Majesty would Account^ be graciously plealed togiveDirections that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That the Instruction which, upon the 31st Supply Bill; Day of March last, was given to the Gentlemen appoint- of ed to prepare and bring in a Bill pursuant to the ltefolu- tions that Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to conlkler further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, to make Provision in the said Bill, for empowering the Importers or Proprietors of Ruin or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Custoni charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses at their own Expence, be discharged.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Sixty thousand One hundred and Four Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, from the respective Times that they were embodied, and of the Fencible Men of Argylfltire, and Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain, from the Commencement of their Establishment, to the 24th Day of December 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-two Pounds, be granted to his Majesty upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Clothing for the embodied Milita, for the Year 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Nine hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for re-imbursing to the Colony of New York their Expences in furnishing Provisions and Stores to the Troops raised by them for his Majesty’s Service, for the Campaign in the Year 1756.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Three thousand One hundred Twenty-seven Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to his ]\|ajef-ty upon Account, towards enabling the Governors and

Guardians

Ways i Means.

Members

imhlicaliuns.

33 Geo. II. Aprilis. 805

Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and defer ted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were admitted into the said Hospital between the 8th Day of February and the 26th Day of March 1760; and that the said Sum be ifined and paid for the Use of the said Hospital without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the lath Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by-laying a Duty upon all Victuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and for prohibiting their fending Beer or Ale out of their Houses to distant Places in any Pots or Vessels less than a Gallon; and also for adding One hundred additional Hackney Chairs to those already licensed, and for applying certain Arrears of former Land Tax towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1726; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; as relates to the additional Number of One hundred Hackney Chairs therein mentioned, which Was to continue in Force for Eighteen Years, from the 24th Day of June 1726, and which by another Act, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was farther continued until the 24th Day of June 1760, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, be continued for and during such farther time, as any former Act relating to the licensing of Hackney Coaches or Chairs, or any Part of such former Act, shall be in Force.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in an Act made in the 10th Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, and in Otfe^Aber Act made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her mid late Majesty, and also in an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, relating to the Jurisdiction. Powers, and Authorities, of the Commissioners lor licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and of Justices of the Peace, and the Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Orders, and Directions, therein mentioned, which were to have Continuance from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, for the respective Terms in the said Acts mentioned, and which by an Act, made in the 16th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, were farther continued until the 24th Day of June 1760, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, be continued for and during such farther Time, as any other Part of the said Acts relating to the licensing Hackney Coaches or Chairs shall be in Force.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Janies Grenville, the Lord North, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee of the

Vol. 28.

whole House, to whom the Bill to enforce and render more effectual the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to fit in the House of Commons, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

The House was moved, That Part of the Act; made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled,

An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, might J>e read;

And the same was read accordingly.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Fo. L. being

severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, postponed.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.,

AClause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the Account of Qualification, to be signed and delivered in to the Clerk of the House, and the Oath to be taken by each Member.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the postponed Amendments were again severally read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Exportation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Buckle take into Consideration the Report which was made from apcs" the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants,

Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford; and also the Petition of the Factors, Traders, Manufnfturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Waljall, in the County of Stafford; and also the Petition of the Manufacturers of Iron Chapes for Buckles, residing in the several Towns of Wolverhampton, Waljall, and Bilston, in the County of Stafford, and of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Factors, and Traders, of the Cities of London and Westminster; were referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Convention between his Majesty and the Landgraveof HeffeCaffel, concluded and signed at London the ift of April 1760; and Translation; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty, and the ReigningDuke of Brunfzvkk, concluded avid signed at Marpurg the 14th of January 1760; and Translation; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the ulterior Convention between his Majesty and the Reigning Duke of B run ft wkk, concluded and signed at Paderborn March 5th 1760, and of the Declaration thereto annexed; and Translation; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Declaration, referred to

iu

Ways and Means.

Meetings of Commissioners under certain Acts.

896 2 8° — 298 Aprilis. ^.1760.

in the ulterior Convention, between his Majesty and the Duke of Brunswick, signed at Paderborn March 5th 1760; and Translation: be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Two additional Squadrons of Hussars, and Two Companies of Chalfeurs, together with an Augmentation to the Horse, Dragoons, and Foot, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 959 Cavalry and 1454 Infantry, the Troops of the Reigning Drtke of Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation to the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to an ulterior Convention, concluded and signed at Paderborn the ,5th March 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chari!on also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

llefolvedy That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 90 die Apr His;

Anno 330 Georgii IId! Regis, 1760. Prayers.

AB I L L for enlarging the Times for the First Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Tho-rotoriy Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hanger, Mr. IVhichcoty Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Northey, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Colletont Mr. 20

Smith, Lord <9/7Mr. Hayward, Sir Thomas Palmer,

Mr. Staunton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wilke',

Mr. Buller, Sir John Cvjl, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cornewall,

Mr. Ilewett, Mr. Vyner junior, Mr. Fe Howes, Mr. OB mins, Mr. Bold, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Wittes, Sir Geo.

Savile, Mr. Yorke, Admiral Townsend, Mr. Lvjier, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Wilkinson, General A1Court, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Francis Poole, Admiral Griffin; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffer, and Kent:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Biiftd

Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Bristol, i;r%. Patrons of the Parish Church of St. Nicholas in Bristol aforesaid, and John Cajlleman, Master of Arts, Vicar of the same Church: And also,

A Petition of John Cafleman, Master of Arts, Vicar, Ditto, and Robert Lucas and Tho?nas Curtis, Churchwardens, and other the Persons whose Names are thereto subserih-ed, Vestry-men of the Parish of St. Nicholas, within the City of Brifol, on the Behalf of themselves, and other the Parishioners of the said Parish;

Were Severally presented to the House and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have been informed, there is a Bill depending in the House for pulling clown and re-building the Bridge, called Bristol Bridge, and for pulling down the Houses thereon, and in Places adjacent thereto, mostly (landing in the said Parish, and for other Purposes in the said Bill mentioned; and that if it Should be thought necessary to pull down Houses contiguous or adjoining to the said Church, the same may receive great Injury, be weakened, or in Danger of falling; and that the Vicarage of St. Nicholas aforesaid is of a very small certain yearly Value, and the Support of the Vicar arises almoli wholly from the annual Contribution of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and the Fees and Perquisites, commonly called Surplice Fees, and that in Consequence of pulling down the Houses on the said Bridge, and Places adjacent, within the said Parish, the Number of Inhabitants will be lessened, and the Profits of the said Vicarage very considerably diminished: And therefore praying, That in case the said Bill shall pass into a Law, such Clause or Clanfes may be inserted therein, for making good any Damage that may be done to the said Church, by pulling down any House or Houses contiguous or adjoining thereto; and also for making good to the Petitioner John Cafleman, and his Successors, Vicars of St. Nicholas aforesaid, such Loss as he and they would otherwise sustain by pulling down the said Houses in the said Parish, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for re-building, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River A von, in the City of Brifol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, leading thereto; and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said City, if necessary, and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto; is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Office r indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them- En'P:t,?‘ selves for Offices and Employments, within the Time m':i limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And that Mr. Thoroton and Mr. John Pill do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, ac- Expiring cording to Order, a Bill to continue several Law's therein Lw>. mentioned, relating to the clandestine Running of un-duftomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the

Customs;

n


33 Geo. it 19*

.Customs; to prevent the cjandestine Running of Goods; and the Danger of Infection thereby .; to the granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Fmijierre, in Ships btiilt ftnd navigated according to Law; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books t*e-printed abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain:, and for allowing further 'Time for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles, or Contracts, of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and filing thereof: And the same was received; ftnd read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Accounts of The House being informed, That the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes of St. Mary, Whitechapel, St.

1 ren# Matthew, Bethnal Green, Trinity, Minor its, and St. Michael Bajjijhaw, attended at the Door;

They were severally called in; and, at the Bar, severally preferred to the House,

Accounts, pursuant to the Orders of this, tloufe, of the 4th Day of March last, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to lay before this House, the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And they severally withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were severally read.

t And the said Accounts were severally ordered to lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House. '

The said Accounts arepreservedamongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply Bill; Mr. Charlton presented tq the House, according to Hackney Order, ft Bill for continuing certain Laws relating to Chairs, See. the additional Number of One hundred Hackney Chairs, and to the Powers given for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Seond time.

Lands pur- Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the chafed for the Petition of Sir John St. Aubin, Baronet, and Edward Yarta D°Ck" Radges Blacket, Doctor in Divinity, on behalf of thera-selves, and others, who were Proprietors of Lands mentioned in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making Compensation to the Proprie-toi s of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the better feburing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth, and for better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth, and Citadel of Plymouth, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad; contained in the said Petition, and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. The Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition, is as follows:

By the above-mentioned Act it appeared, that if any Lands veiled in Trustees by the former Ad, therein referred to, should belong to any Body Corporate, or Person, who, by reason of any Disability, should not be capable by Law to take and dispose of the several Sums of Money which should be due and payable for their respective Interests in such Lands, then the Money due to such Body Corporate,or Persons, under such Disability, should be paid into the 1 lands of the Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer for the.Time being, for the Use of such Body Corporate, or Persons, under such Disability, and which Sums of Money are thereby directed to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, in Places most convenient for the Persons interested therein; and the Estates, so to be purchased, are directed to be settled . Vol. 18. ‘

prills. §9

to the same Uses, Intents, and Burposes, as tfce former Estates were settled, at such Time a^ they became vested in the said Trustees; and that until such Purchase should be made, the Deputy Remem I jrancet should plaice such Money out in Parliamentary Funds, or efthef good Securities. .;

Daniel Kemp, Esqiiire; one of the Clerks in the Officfe of Ordnance, produced td ^our Committee several Debentures amounting to the Sam of £.24, T'7 i is. 6d. and informed your Committee, that the said Sum was feaily to have been paid to the Deprity Rerfrembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, for the Use of the Proprietors of such Lands; but that Doubts having ftrifen touching the Execution of the said Act, the Deputy Remembrancer did riot think it safe for him to receive the Money, and refused to receive the same.

Mr. Green informed your Committee, that he applied to the said Deputy Remembrancer, on the Behalf of Sir John St. At/bin, to receive the Money, who refused to receive the same, alleging, that the Directions in the said Act were not explicit, and that it would be dangerous to t)ie Proprietors in case of his Death.

And Mr. Kemp and Mr. Green severally said, that the Proprietors are like to be great Sufferers by the Monies not being laid out in the public Funds, or other Securi 1 ies; as the Boarchof Ordnance are not empowered to pay Interest for the fame, for any further Time than until the 2sth Day of August 1759.

And it appeared by an Act of the Thirty-first Year of his present Majesty, that the Board of Ordnance were empowered to pay Interest for the said principal Sums, for One Year only.

And it appeared by the Debentures produced by Mr*

Kemp, that the Proprietors were intitled to Interest on the said principal Sum from the 29th Day of September 1758, being the Time the said Lands were first made use of for the Purposes of the said Acts, till the 25th Day of August 1759.

And it likewise appeared by the Votes of this House, which were produced to your Committee, thatanlnftruc-tion had been given for making Provision in a Bill, depending in Parliament, to obviate the Doubts and Difficulties which have arisen touching the Execution of the said Act of the last Session.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Roads from th6 Brecnp, stc. Town of Brecon, to the Parish of Brobuty, and to Whit- Road.

ney Passage, in the County of Herejord; and for building a Bridge over the River Wye, at Bredwardine Passage, in the same County; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 17. L. 9. After the ill " the" to insert " House " known by the:"

L. io. After " Horjejhocs? to insert u now " kept by Richard Hancock

Pr. 38. L. 3. To leave out "Twenty" and insert "Ten:"

Pr. 41. L. 33. After the ill "the" to insert K House " known by the:"

Pr. 43. L. 24. After Felony" to insert "andffiall " sufferTransportation for Seven Years, as in any other " same of Felony."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Herejord; and for building a Bridge over the River Wye at Bredwardine Passage, in the same County.

Ordered, That Sir John Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. *

10 T The

e

Supply Bill; Exportation of Rum, See,

Sbpply.

Ways and Means.

S9S — -30*

i , The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits of the Growth; Produce, and Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits made from Mdafles: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rc/olvcdy That the Bill be read a Second time;

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, Jo whom it was*referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-six thousand Nine hundred Twenty-six PoundsThree Shillings and a Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Nine hundred and Fifty-nine Cavalry, and One thousand Four hundred and Fifty-four Infantry, the Troops of the reigning Duke of Brunswick in the Pay pi Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty.

:ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Jjght hundred Forty-three Pounds Five Shillings and JEIeven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to the Troops of the reigning Duke of Brunfioick in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to an ulterior Convention, concluded and iigned at Paderborn the 5th Day of March 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and One thousand Ninety-six Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two additional Squadrons of Hussars, and Two Companies of Chafieurs, together with an Augmentation to the Horse, Dragoons, and Foot, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hefe Cqjffel in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1760.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Twenty dhoufand One hundred Twenty Pounds and One Shilling, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, from the 24th Day of November 1759, to the 24th of December following, and not provided for.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second (time* were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Weans for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee Uad.directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an A6i, made in the 12 th Year of the Reign of her Jate Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain^ which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the 5th and 10th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 8th, 15th, 20th, and 27th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the 2Qth Day of September 1760, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near fxpjring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the *4

Apritis, A. 1760.

laid Resolution: Anri that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Hotifie was moved, That the Petition of the In- Dwyoi habitants of the several Counties of Pembroke, Cardigan, Culffi* iand Merioneth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of February laii, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Paper,intituled,

" Report, 26th March 1760, on the Memorial of John " Simmons, Esquire, in behalf of-himself, and many " other Inhabitants of the several Counties of Pembroke,

" Cardigan, and Merioneth; from the Commissioners of " the Customs, to the’ Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury," might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill foi* rendering the Exportation of Culm from the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and the Limits thereof, to the neighbouring Counties, more easy to the Proprietors and Purchasers of the fame; and for better feeuring the Duties payable thereon: And that Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Sir William Owen, Mr. West,

Mr. Samuel Marlin, and'Mr. Alderman Dickinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, jo° die;

Anno 33* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

MAJOR General Cornwallis reported from the Westminftj Committee, to whom the Petition of James Mab AbbeyEihi lors of the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, Builder, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w as read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act,made in the 26th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, was read; whereby the said James Mallors was empowered to open a Street within the City of Westminster, in such Manner as by the said Act is directed:

And by the said Act the Dean and Chapter of the Cob legiate Church of Saint Peter in Westminster, and all other Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, are empowered, within a certain Time in the said Act mentioned, to exchange any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Limits described in the said Act with the said James Mallors, and to grant him such Leases of any Lands or Hereditaments as should be necessary, for any Term not exceeding 99 Years, to be computed from Michaelmas 1753-

That by Twro Acts of the 29th and 31st Years of his Majesty’s Reign, the Term for making such Exchanges, and for executing such Leases, wras prolonged to Mid summer 1759.

Mr. John Horne said, that Mr. Mallors hath built Street, called Great George Street, at a very great Expence, but was not able to procure all Conveyances necessary in order to complete such Exchanges with, and obtain such Leases from, the said Dean and Chapter, within the Time allowed for that Purpose by the said Acts.

That the Witness apprehends all Matters, relative to the granting such Leases, are settled between the said Dean and Cha pter and Mr. Mallors; and t hat if the same are not completed, Mr. Mallors will be a great Sufferer.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of

Saint

Goagfe1

33 Geo. It *30 dprns.

Saint Peter, at Westminster, anti their Succeflers, to make and grant unto Jctmer Matters,# Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Grounds, Mefltiages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, ^omprifed within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant: And that Major General Cornvoallis and Mr. Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

rread the Report in his t*iace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were onbe read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; arid, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; With the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thornton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received 5 and read the First time.

Refotved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling certain Estates in Pensylvania and New Jersey, belonging to tire Proprietors of a Partnerlliip commonly called the Pensylvania Land Company in London, in Truliees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom, and other the Estate belonging to the said Partnerlliip, in Manner and for the Pur poles in the Bill to be mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the grand Committee and Trusteesof the said Partnership had given their Content to the* Bill, to the Satiffaction of the Committee; and that the Consent of a general Meeting of the Proprietors, interested in the said Estates, to the Bill, was also produced to the Committee; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments 'thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bilb with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the more effectual securing the Payment of fitch Prize and Bounty Monies, as were appropriated to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, by an Act made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy, was read a Second time.

Refotved, Jf\\at the Bill be committed.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee t>f the whole House.

Refotved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. JLewctt reported from the Committee, to whorti the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Clifton, in the County of Nottingham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties conoerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Two Oxgangs and One Quarter of Lands, intended to be inclosed in the said Parish; and also the Proprietors of Ten Cottages, who have Right of Common upon the said Lands, who having been severally applied to, refused to sign the Bill and that the whole Number of Oxgangs, lying within the said Parish, amount to 84; and the whole Number of Cottagers who have Right of Common upon the said Lands* are 41; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to Oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he Voua8.

The House being informed; That the Vestry Clerk of the Parish of St. Gregory, near St. Paul's, London, attended at the Door;

"He was called in; arid, at the Bar, presented to the House,

An Account, prirfuant to the Orders of the House of the 4th. Day of March last, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to lay-before this House the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And then he withdrew;

Arid the Title of the said Account Was read.

Ordered, that the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Hdufe.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of Parish Children*

Mn John Pitt presented to thri House, according to Order, a Bill for limiting, confining, and better regu- Families Iating, the Payment of the weekly Allowances made Allowance* by Act of Parliament, for the Maintenance of Families unable to support themselves during the Absence of Militia Meri, embodied and ordered out into, aftrial Service; and for amending arid improving the Establishment of the Militia, and lessening the Number of Officers of the Militia entitled to pay, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First Tiipe.

Refotved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Tuesday Morning uext.

Ordered, That the Bill to enforce arid render more Members effectual the Laws relating to the Qualificat ion of Mem- Qualification, bersto fit in the House of Commons, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Motion being made. That the Bill for dividing and Miflbit allotting the common and walle Grounds, open arable Iaclolure; Fields, Meadows, arid Failures, in the Township and Parish of Mijfon, in the Counties of Nottingham and Lincoln or One of them, be now read a Second time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command* acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think lit.

Then the said Bill was read a Second tim e.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rewelt,

Mr. Thoroton, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Bacon, Lord North,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Staunton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Burrelt, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Bulieri Mr. Vyner, Mr Moore, Mr. (fartwright, Mr. Alderman Dickinson* Mr. Gore, Mr;

Bayntun, Sir John Cufi, Mr. John Pitt, Mr* Wilkinson*

Mr. Plumptre, Mr* Lyjler, Mr. Jemiings, Mr. Willesi Mr. Veilch, Mr. Chester, Mr. Chetzoynd, Mr. Olmius,

Mr. Cholm ley, Mr. Willy, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr.

Page; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’

Chamber*

Notice

900

felakffley Notice being taken, That his Majesty’s Interest is Inclosure. concerned in the BiH for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows,! common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Btakejley, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of s the ! :amlet of Wood End, in the said Parish, which Bill was; upon Wednesday the Twenty-third Day of this Instant April, read a Second time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor, of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest.is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Frifby Notice being taken, That his Majesty’s Interest is Inclosure. concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Frijhy upon the Wreak, in the County of Leicester, which Bill was, upon Monday last, read a Second time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein, as they ' shall think fit.

Account of^ Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

forfckS°ttd S ^lCC0UDt> fiievying the Time when the Sum of£ .69,910 Mates 15 9 granted in the last Session of Parliament, upon

Account, for discharging the Debts, with the necessary Expences attending the Payment of the fame, claimed and sustained upon the Lands and Estate which became forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder o^John Drummond, taking upon himself the Style or Title of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking upon himself the Title of Duke of Perth, was issuedat the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Exportation Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Uu*>C5* ake into Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warzvick; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford; and also the Petition of the Factors, Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Walsall, in the County of Stafford; and also the Petition of the Manufacturers of Iron Chapes for Buckles, residing in the several Towns of Wolverhampton, Waif all, and Bilston, in the County of Stafford, and of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Factors, and Traders, of the Cities of London and Westminster; were referred.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

and Means, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1° Mail. A. 1760.

Jovisj i° die Mail;

Arirtcf 33* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760'.

fcltAYERS.

MR. Alderman Dickinson prefen ted to the House, Supply Bill;

according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, 5aii made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ingram, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Baw»ry to Butler, Mr. Calthorpe, be added to the Committee, to 8^id whom the Bill for amending and widening the Road from Bazvlry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of Wortley, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Miui-chester, is committed.

Ordered, That all the Merchants of the House be ad- BriHo! BriJp ded to the Committee, to whom the Bill for re-building, &c. widening, and enlarging, the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes,

Ways, and Passages, leading thereto; and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said City, if necessary, and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto, is committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Major General Cornwallis presented to the House, WefimiBfo according to Order, a Bill to enable the Dean and Abbey Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, at West- W* minster, and their Successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, cqmprifed within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the com- Codding mon Fields, common Meadows, and other commonable Indofr-Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Coddington, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadows, and other commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Coddington, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Townffield reported from the Committee, to Daftetf whom the Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, Twopas or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Scots Pint ScoU

or Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended, within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith, wascommitted,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe-yerally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo ingrossed.

A BiH

ply Bill; )oriation lUill,&C.


litiaMcft’s

families

Uowance.

B»wtry to Sheffield Jtoau.

xportation if Buckle Chapes.

'olkfw orth Iulolure.

33 Geo. II.

A Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits made from Melasses, was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mprn-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yefier-day, for the Second Reading, upon Tuesday Morning next, of the Bill for limiting, confining, and better regulating, the Payment of the weekly Allowances,made by Act of Parliament, for the Maintenance of Families unable to support themselves during the Absence of MilitiaMen, embodied and ordered out into actual Service, and for amending and improving the Establishment of the Militia, and lessening the Number of Officers of the Militia intitled to Pay, within that Part of Great Britain called England; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Notice being taken, that his Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for amending and widening the Road from Bawtrjf to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of Wort ley, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, which Bill was, upon Friday last, read a Second time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, ^having been informed of f he Purport of the said Bill, gives liisConfent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee ,of file whole House, to take into Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee to wdiom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town o{ Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants, of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford-, and also the Petition of the Factors, Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Wa fall, in the County of Stafford: and also the Petition of the Manufacturers of Iron Chapes for Buckles, residing in the several Towns of Wolverhampton, Waljall, and Bilston, in the County of Stafford, and of Bir-rningham, in the County of IFarzvick; and also the Petition of the Merchants,iFaftors, and Traders, of the Cities of London and Westminster; were referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn ing, Nine of the Clock.

901

Folkfivorlh, in the County of Huntingdon', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Melton for the dividing and inclosing the open and common Mowbray Fields, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the County nc 0 urc' of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Strode'* felling certain Manors, capital Messuages, Lands, and Ertale5-Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford, comprised in a Settlement made by William Strode, Esquire, deceased, and for purchasing with the Money, arising by such Sale, other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses: To which the Lords desire the Con* currence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Commit- Afpley Guile tee, to whom the Bill for the inclosing and dividing the biclosure. common Fields, common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and other common and waste Lands, lying and being in the Manor and Parish of AJpley Guise, in the County of Bedford, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent t,o the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Widow Fur, who could not be found, and wrhofe Property in the said Lands amounts to about Four Acres; and that the whole Lands, intended to be inclosed, amount to about 1,200 Acres; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the.Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed. That Mr. Wilford fropi Account of the Exchequer attended at the Door; on°Adresscs.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, preferred to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have bqpn issued by his Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Ac]dresses of this House, and which have not been made gppdby this House.

The said Mr. Wilford also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing the Time when the Sum of Account of £.69,910. 15s. 9 \d. granted in the laitSession of Parliament, upon Account, for discharging the Debts, with Eftalcg>

-the neceflacy Expences attending the Payment of the fame, claimed and sustained upon the Lands and Estate which became forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of John Drummond, taking upon himself the Stile and Title of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James Druinmond, taking uppn himself the Title of Dqke of PertJi, was ifl’ued at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

And then be withdrew.

And the Title of the said Accounts were read.

The-last of the said Accounts is preferyedaipongst the other Papers of this Session; qnd the.Firu is qs folio wet h; viz.

-2° Man.

Veneris, 2° dieMaii;

Anno 33* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1760. Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Ilolford and Mr. Harris;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, common Meadows, and pasture Grounds, within the Parish of Vol. 28.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament a^Iepibled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by his Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addrefies of this House; and which have not been made good by this House.

To Jane Hardinge Widow (as Administratrix of Nicholas Hardin ge Esquire, deceased), as a Recotnpepce for his Pains and Service in preparing Copies of thejournals of this House for the Prefs, and in managing and directing the Printing of the fame, for the Use of the Member*

10 U of

902

2° M

Office* and Employments;

Pensylvania

Company*

Effaces*

Supply Bill;

Hackney Chairs, &c.

Cracherode* Petition for full Pay.

A. 1760.

£ s*

of this House ----- 3,000-----

To Jeremiah Dison Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of Printing the Journals of this House, from the Beginning of the 9th Parliament of Great Britain to the End of the 4th Section of this present Parliament.....1,500 — —

To the said Jeremiah Dyfon Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of making and.printing Indexes to the 2d, 3d, 4th,

5th, 6th, and 7th, Volumes of the Journals

of this I louse ----- 500 — —

Exchequer, the 2d Day of May 1760.

£.5,000 —

Edward Wilford.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, tipon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting certain Estates in Pensylvania and Nezo Jersey, belonging to the Proprietors of a Partnership commonly called the Pensylvania Land Company in London, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom, and other the Estate belonging to the said Partnership, in Manner, and for the Purposes, in the Bill to be mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for vesting certain Estates in Pensylvania, New Jersey, and Maryland, belonging to the Proprietors of a Partnership commonly called the Pensylvania Land Company in London, in Trustees, to be sold; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing certain Laws relating to the additional Number of One hundred Hackney Chairs, and to the Powers given for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Lieutenant Colonel Mordaunl Cracherode, late Lieutenant Governor of Fort AL Philip, in the Island of Minorca, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition* recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That in the Year 1753, the Petitioner exchanged his Government of Landguard Fort for that of Fort St. Philip, in the said Bland, at 40 s. per Diem, but the Petitioner not being sent thither before the Surrender of the said Bland, the King, under his Sign Manual, gave the Order, in the Petition mentioned, to his Majesty’s Paymaster General of Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, to dispense with the Petitioner’s Absence from the said Bland, and to continue his Pay to him from the Surrender of the said Castle to the 25th of 17

December 1756 5 and that the Petitioner did receive the Allowance of full Pay of 40 s. per Diem to 25 December 1756, but hath been reduced from that Time to Half Pay only, whereby the Petitioner is become a great Sufferer; and that the Petitioner would have applied to his Majesty for an Allowance in addition to his Half Payout has been informed, that he cannot receive any such Allowance, without rendering himself incapable of receiving his Half Pay, unless alfifted by Parliament; and repre-fenting to the House, that the Petitioner hath been in his Majesty ’s Service, in the Capacities mentioned in the Petition, lince the Year 1707: And therefore praying the House for Relief, the Petitioner having passed more than half a Century in Service to the Crown and Public, and once round the World; and that having been ready and willing to go where commanded, he may at lait be appointed to receive from 25 December 1756, the full Pay of 40.V. a Day, which he exchanged for, and that the same may from henceforth be allowed and continued to him, now in the 76th Year of his Age, finally to retire upon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine and state to the House the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Major General Cormvallis, Lord North, Lord Carijsfort, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr.

West, Mr. John Pitt, Mv. Colleton, Mr. Sandys. Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fazakerley,

Sir Charles Mordaunl, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Strange, Mr, Jennings, Sir John Riifhout. Mr. Harvey, General Conway, Mr. Burrell, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Ilezvett, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Nor they.

Lord Egmont, Mr. Montagu, Lord Villiers, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Ojivald,

Mr. Hanger, Mr. Gore, Mr. Moore, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Thornton, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fellon Harvey, Sir John Cust, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Staunton,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. More ton,

Mr. Crofter, Mr. Foley, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Smith, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Page, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Butler, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Fuller, Lord Middleton, Mr. Lejlie, Mr.

Geo. Onslow: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to Blakeflrt whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Incldiut Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds in the Parish of Blakejley, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of the Hamlet of Wood End, in the said Parish, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Maria Penelope Watts Wight, Widow, whose Property in the said Fields consists of One Yardland and an Half, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except Sarah Higgins, Widow, whose Property consists of One Yardland, and who had not been applied to; and that th£ whole of the said Fields intended to be inclosed, consist of Sixty-four Yardlands,or thereabouts; and thatnoPerson appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Strode for felling certain Manors, capital Messuages, Lands, Efta:r‘ and Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford, comprised in a Settlement made by William Strode, Esquire,

deceased,


33 Geo. II.

2° — 5°

9°$

lember*

ualifica-

tion.

deceased, and for purchasing with the Money* arising by such Sale, other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Bill, now ingrossed, to enforce and render more effectual the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to fit in the House of Commons, was, according to Order, read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House div ided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{: } 95-

Lieutenant General Con-

46.

Tellers for the Noes, I WUy,

(Sir George Savile.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative; And that the Title be. An Act to enforce and render more effectual the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to fit in the House of Commons.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Wa vs and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ofkum, kc. House, upon the Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits made from Melasses.

Supply,

Ways and Means.

Supply Bill; Exportation

Accounts of Parish Children.

The House being informed. That the Vestry Clerk of the Parish of St, Mic/iaei in Cornhill, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Return to the Orders of this House, of the 4th Day of March last, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to lay before this House, the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Brecon, Arc. Roads.

Westminster

Abbey

Eflaie.

Lun<z, 50 die Matt;

Anno 330 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1760* Prayers.

f\RD ERED, That Mr. Foley do carry to the Lords ihe ingrossed Bill, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford; and for building a Bridge over the River Wye at Bredwardine Paf sage, in the same County; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordlliips thereto.

A Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, at Westminster, and their Successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Grouud, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, was read a Second time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed toMajorGefieral Cornwallis, Sir John Gordon, Lord Strange, Mr. Mon -Voi. 28.

tagu, Mr. West, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Cust, Mr. Fane> Mr. Wilkilifon, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Fidler, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Sandys. Sir John Wynnes Mr. Bacon, Mr. Leiois, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hexvelt, Mr. Chauncy Townsend, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Geo. Onjlozv, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Olmius; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Suftcx; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mv.Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for raising Money for the finishing and com-

?leteing the Repair of Leeds Bridge, in the County of York; and for the purchasing and taking down the Houses and Buildings which straiten and obstruct the Passage to and over the said Bridge; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for making the River Weaver navigable, from Frodsham Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the County of Chester; and for the more effectual preserving and improving the Navigation of the said River j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Broughton Sulney, in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields of Costock, otherwise Cortlingstock, in the County of Nottingham, and all the Lands and Grounds within the said open Fields, without any Amendment: And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Common, in the Township of Ardjley and Parish of Darfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Matthew Feather* fton Baronet, in the County of Essex; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Leeds

Bridge;

Weaver

Navigation;

Broughton

Sulney

Inclosure

Costock

inclosure.

Ardfley

inclosure.

Featherftori*s

Estate.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Blakejley, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of the Hamlet of Wood End, in the fakl Parish, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass i And that the Titfe be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, and common Grounds, in the Parish of Blakejley, in the County of Northampton, exclnfive of the Hamlet of Wood End, in the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir

Blalceflev

inclosure/

fl

904

Mali,

A. 1760.

Duty on Sir John Philipp? prefen ted to the House, according to

Culm. Ordei\a Bill for rendering the Exportation of Culm from the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and the Limits thereof, to the neighbouring Counties, more easy to the Proprietors and Purchasers of the fame; and for better securing the Duties payable thereon: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bristol Mr. Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, to Bridge, &c. whom the Bill for re-building, widening, and enlarging, the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, leading thereto; and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said River within the said City, if necessary, and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto; was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and undivided Trinity, of Bristol, Patrons of the Parish Church of Saint Nicholas, in Bristol aforesaid, and John Castleman, Master of Arts, Vicar, of the same Church; and also the Petition of John Castleman, Master of Arts, Vicar, and Robert Lucas, and Thomas Curtis, Churchwardens, and other the Persons whose Names are thereto subscribed, Vestrymen of the Parish of St. Nicholas, within the City of Bristol, on the behalf of themselves and other the Parishioners of the said Parish; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and ljiade several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause A, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause A, the next Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding at the End thereof these Words, " and so as no " such Coasting Vessels as belong not to Bristol pay not " oftener than twice in the Year

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Greenwich Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Pensioner*. authorize the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich to allow Out Pensions to poor Seamen, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country: And that Mr. Peter Burrell and the Lord Strange do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dalkeith An ingrossed Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies T*rr3 or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every

Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended, within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith, was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended, within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Meetings of M r. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the ogTm(ier°n" *or enlarging the Time for the First Meetings of certain A£u. Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution

certain Acts of this Session of Pari iament, was committed,

That the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report il&his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Officci and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon EmPloy* the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to mcnu‘ qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Hackney upon the Bill for continuing certain Laws relating to Chau, A!C’ the additional Number of One hundred Hackney Chairs, and to the Powers given for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by his Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by this House, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1759 has beer, disposed of, distinguistied under the several Heads, until the 25th Day of April 1760, and {he Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made. That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to pre- pare an Estimate of the Charge of Pay of the Militia, of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1760; and to make Report thereof to the House; be referred to the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of Pay and Clothing for the unembodied Militia, for the Year 1760, as the House shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-ir.g next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The

33 Geo. II. 5° — 6° Maii. 905

The other Orders of the Day being read; Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday ingrossfed.

d Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom Raymond for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for and Cator’i

exchanging certain Messuages, Lands, and Heredita- Exchange, jpply Bill Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, ments, in the Parishes of Beckingham and Leioi/ham, in

xportation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the County of Kent, Part of the Estate late of Hugh Rum, Stc. tlp011 Bin for encouraging the Exportation of Rum Raymond Esquire^deceased, for other Lands and Heredi-and Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture, taments in the said Parish of Beckingham, belonging to of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and John Cator the younger; and for settling the Lands of British Spirits made frorrv Melasses. lo taken in Exchange to the same Uses as the Lands

given in Exchange stand limited; and for enabling Jones Ordered, That Mr. Rose Fuller have Leave to make Raymond and Peter Burrell Esquires, to grant Building a Motion; it being near Five of the Clock: Leases of other Parts of the Estate late of the said Hugh

And he moved the House accordingly: And, Raymond; was committed; That the Committee had

Fctherfton’* An *n&ro^ecl Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Estate. ^or Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Matthew same to be true; and that the Parties Concerned had Fetherfion Baronet, in the County of Essex\ and for given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend-settled in lieu thereof; was read the First time. ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is ,6° die Maii;

Anno 330 Georgii II41 Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Keith's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dliabilities to enable George Keith, late Earl Marefehal, to sue or liy Attainder, maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate, that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him, or which he was infitled unto in Reverftou or Remainder, before his Attainder; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Greenwieh Mr. Peter Burrell presented to the House, according

Pensioners. to Order, a Bill to authorize the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich to allow Out Pensions to poor Seamen, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Frifby Mr. Olmius reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. ^he Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and walle Grounds, in the Parish of Frijby upon the Wreak, in the County of Leicester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Four Yard Lands and an Half; and also the Owners of Two Cottages, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of Fifty-nine Yard Lands and Three Quarters, and the Number of Cottages amount to Sixteen; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Vol. 28.

An ingroded Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Strode! for felling certain Manors,capital Messuages, Lands, and El*atC5> Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford', comprised in a Settlement mad by William Strode Esquire, de-ceaferl; and for purchasing, with the Money arising by such Sale, other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Olmius,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright. Mr. Bacon, Admiral Tozonjlnd, Mr. Plumptre, V!; . Gubbon, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Lyjter, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Drake, Mr. Pitt, Sir Thomas Palmer,

Mr. Bankes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hewett, Sir Henry Erjkinc, Mr. Thorotun, Mr. Wlikes, Mr. Sandys, Sir James Creed, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Edmund If)am, Mr.

Charlton, S r Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Gq/hry, Sir Robert Bur dell, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Sir John Cuff, Sir Charles Mordaunt; and all the Members u ho serve for the Count ies of Hertford, Essex, Cambridge, Huntingdon, Norfolk, Suffolk, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Offices and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Employ-upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted n,cnts* to qualify tie mLives for Offices and Employments within the lime limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for ihai Purt.ofe; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thoroton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker refnmed the Chair.

Mr. Thoroton reported from the Committee, That that had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosingand dividing the com- Afplry Guile mon Fields, common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and Inclosure. other common and waste Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Afpley Guise, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and other common and waste Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Afpley Guise, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

10 X The

e

9 o6 6° Matt. 1760.

Army The Lord Barrington prefen ted to the House,by his goons, and of an additional Company to Lieutenant Estimate. Majesty’s Command; Colonel Vaughan's Corps, for the Year 1760.

Estimate of the Charge of a Regiment of Light Dra- And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

E S’T IMATE of the Charge of a Regiment of Light Dragoons, and of an additional Company to Lieutenant

Colonel Vaughan's Corps, for the Year 1760.

Numbers. ' £. s. d. £ *-

Lieut. General the Marquis of Granby's Light Dragoons, from the 5th of June 1)60, to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, being 203 Days ----- 438 11,342 12 6

Additional Company to Lieut. Colonel Vaughan's Corps, from the 10th of March 1760, to 24th of December following, both inclusive, being 290 Days 114 i>532 3 4

War-Office, 5th May. Barrington, 552 12,874 15 10

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Duty on A Bill for rendering the Exportation of Culm from the Culm. Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and the

Limits thereof, to the neighbouring Counties, more easy to the Proprietors and Purchasers of the same; and for better securing the Duties payable thereon; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved)That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply. Mr. Charlton, according to Ol der, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had dire6ied him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-five thousand One hundred and Seventy Pounds and Three Pence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants, for the Service of the Year 1759.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Three thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued, pursuant to an Address of this House, by his Majesty, to Jane Hardinge Widow, as Administratrix of Nicholas Hardin ge Esquire, deceased, as a Recompence for his Pains and Service in preparing Copies of the Journals of this House for the Press, and in managing and directing the printing of the fame, for the Use of the Members of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued, pursuant to an Address of this House, by his Majesty, to Jeremiah Dyjon, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, from the Beginning of tiic Ninth Parliament of Great Britain, to the End of the Foui th Session of this present Parliament; and of making and printing Indexes to the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh, Volumes of the Journals of this House.'

Resolved, That it js the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty,upon Account, towards defraying tile Charge of Pay and Cloathing for the unembodied Militia, for the Year ending the 25th Day of March 1761.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this C >mmittee, That the Sum of Six hundred and Tlri ty mur Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Seven Pence be granted to his Majesty, to enable the principal Officers of his Majesty s Ordnance to pay Interest, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the 25th Day of August 1759, to 25^ Day of April last, for the Sum of Twenty-three thousand Eight hundred Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven Pence, remaining in his Majesty’s Office of Ordnance, upon the said 25th Day of April, and not paid into the Hands of the Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, as directed by an Act, made in the last Seffiori of Parliament, for making Compensation for Lands and Hereditaments, purchased for his Majesty’s Service, at Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth, by reason of Doubts and Difficulties which have arisen touching the Execution of the said Act

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Fourth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. John Pitt, Mr. RofeFuller, Mr. Charlton, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain ciifton Lands in the Parish of Clifton, in the County of Not- Inclosurt. tingham, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 8. After " Grounds," to insert " hereby " intended to be inclosed:"

Pr. 15. L. 28. After <c Grounds," to insert u so " intended to be inclosed

Pr. 16. L. 4. After " Marffi," to insert " and the " Tithes in respect of such Marsh:"

Pr. 24. L. 23. After " Monouxf to insert " or his " Lessee or Lessees:"

P. 25. L. 21. After " Monouxf to insert <c his cc Lessee or Lessees."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Linds in the Parish of Clifton, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Hezvett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, Expiriq relating to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finijterre, in Ships built and navigated according to Law; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and

printed,

Supply Bill; Sail Cloth.

Greenwich

Hospital.

Supply Bill; Exportation of Rum, &c.

Account of Parish Children.

Greenwich

Hospital.

33 Geo. II.

Mail

9°7

printed, in Great Britain; and for allowing further Time for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and filing thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty QueenAnne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual securing the Payment of such Prize and Bounty Monies as were appropriated to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, by an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty's Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture, of XheBritish Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of Brit if 1 Spirits made from Melasses.

The House being informed, That the Vestry Clerk of the Parish of St. Bennet, Paul's Wharf London, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the House,

An Account, pursuant to the Orders of this House, of the 4th Day of March last, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to lay before this House the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 7° Mali; Anno 330 Georgii IF Regis, 1760. Vrayers.

MR. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual securing the Payment of such Prize and Bounty Monies as were appropriated to the Use of Greenxvich Hospital, by an Act made in the 20th Vox.. 28.

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for re-building, widening, and en- Bristol larging, the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bridge, &c. Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, leading thereto; and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said City, if necessary, and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for re-building, widening, and enlarging, the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, leading thereto; and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said City, if necessary, and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Scotch

Treasury, attended at the Door; forfeited

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the £iutcf* l louse, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Pai l lament,

A Paper, intituled, " Copy of the Report of the <c Commissioners and Trustees for managing the an,

" nexed forfeited Estates in Scotland, to the Lords Com*

" missioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, which, by an Act, u of the 25th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, is directed " to be laid before both Houses of Parliament.,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Accounts of Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at Win* the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Wine, re-exported from Scotland annually,from Christmas 1745 to Christmas 1759; distinguishing those that were originally imported from France: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Wine imported into Scotland annuallySvomChristmas 17451oChristmas 17 59; distinguishing those imported from France: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Return of the Inspector Buckle " General of Imports and Exports in Scotland, in purfu- Chapes.

" ance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated the 28th February 1760, relating to the " Exportation of Buckles, or Chapes for Buckles."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

And the said Return was also read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon tha Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That Part of an Act, made in Observaiion the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, of Sunday, intituled, An Act for the further Reformation of funriry

Abuses,

7° Mail. A. 1760.

Abuses committed on the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That Part of an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Observation of the Lord’s Daj% commonly called Sunday, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, so much of Two several Acts of Parliament, the One made in the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, intituled, An Act for the farther Reformation of sundry Abuses committed on the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday; and the other made in the 29th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday; so far as the same relate to Butchers killing or felling any Victuals on the Lord’s Day, and to Tradesmen, Artificers, Workmen, or Labourers, using or exercising any worldly Labour, Business, or Work, of their ordinary Callings, upon the Lord’s Day: And that Dr. Simpson, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Peter Burrell, and Sir John Philipps, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Leeds An ingrossed Bill for raising Money for the finishing Bridge, and completing the Repair of Leeds Bridge, in the County of York; and for the purchasing and taking down the Houses and Buildings which straiten and obstruct the Passage to and over the said Bridge; was read the Third time.

Kefolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising Money for the finishing and completing the Repair of Leeds Bridge, in the County of York; and for the purchasing and taking down the Houses and Buildings which straiten and obstruct the Passage to and over the said Bridge.

Ordered, That Mr Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bawtry to Sheffield Hoad.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and widening the Road from Bazvtiy to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of lVortley, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Man-chrffij\wrds committed; and to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, Cutlers, Iron Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the! own and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bril, and made several Amendments thereunto; which,they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 4*-

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Ileivett, Mr. miles,

Trial i.f The House was moved, That Part of an Act, made Treason in the 21 ft Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, in Scotland. An for the more effectual Tryal and Punishment of High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason in the Highlands of Scotland-, and for abrogating th?Practice of taking down the Evidence in Writing in certain criminal Prosecutions; and for making some further Regulations relating to Sheriffs Depute, and Stewarts Depute, and their Substitutes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Tryal of such Persons as have levied, or shall levy, War against his Majesty; and for the bel ter ascertaining the Qualifications of Jurors in Tryals for High Treason, or Misprision of Treason, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act% made in the 2tft Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and enforce so much of an Act, made in the 19th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and to Mailers and Teachers of private Schools, and Chaplains; and to explain a Clause in another Act, made in the same Year, relating to Letters of Orders of Episcopal Ministers in Scotland; and to oblige Persons allowed to carry Arms, and the Directors of the Banks there, and certain Persons belonging to, or practising in the Courts of Session and Justiciary, to take the Oaths; and to repeal some CJaufes in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, whereby certain Encouragementsaregiven to Landlords, and Tenants in Scotland, who should continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his said late Majesty; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reviving and continuing so much of an Act, made in the 21st Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the more effectual Tryal and Punishment of High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in the Highlands of Scotland; and also for continuing Two other Acts, One made in the 19th Year and the other made in the 21st Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, so far as they relate to the more effectual disarming the Highlands of Scotland, and securing the Peace thereof: And that Mr. Veitch, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Thoroton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Lasv; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; andheread the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Major General Cornwallis reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Lieutenant Colonel Mordaunt Cracherode, late Lieutenant Governor of Fort St. Philip, in the Island of Minorca, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

By a Commission, dated the 5th Day of March 1707, produced to your Committee, and read, it appeared, That the Petitioner was then appointed an Eniispi in Colonel Whiteman's Regiment; And,

By a Certificate of the Earl of Galway, dated the 18th November 1710, produced Jikewife to your Committee, it appeared, That the Petitioner served as a Volunteer in Colonel Whitherss Regiment in Portugal, and was no otherwise provided for than by his Pay as Enjigne en Second in Major General Whitemans Regiment.

Then

Office

Empkr-

mens'

Cracher

PemiwtW Full PiJ

33 Geo. !I. f M bog

Then a Commissiqn from the Lord Port more, dated at JZjiremos, the 6th Day of October 1711, was read, appointing the Petitioner a Captain of a Company in Brigadier Vezey's Regiment.

Then another Commission, dated the 25th Day of December 1739, vVas produced to your Committee, and read, appointing the Petitioner a Lieutenant Colonel of Foot: And also,

Instructions, under his Majesty’s Hand, dated the 31st Day of January 1739-40, ordering the Petitioner to take the Command of Five Independent Companies of Invalids, which thonld be put on board a Squadron of Ships, commanded by Captain George Anjbit; together with an Order, ligned by the Lords Justices, and dated the 19th Day of June 1740, empowering the Petitioner to hold Courts Martial in the said Five Independent Companies, and to supply the Vacancies of Officers.

Then another Commission, dated the 29th Day of January 1743-4, was produced, and read, to your Committee, appointing the Petitioner Governor of Land-guard Fort; and another Commission, of the same Date, appointing him.Captain of an Independent Company of Marines at Landguard Fort: And then,

A Commission, dated the 3d Day of November 1753, was produced, and read, appointing the Petitioner Lieutenant Governor of Fort St. Philip, ill the Island of Mi-norca: Then,

James Fitter Esquire, One of the Clerks in the Office of the Pay matter General of his Maj city’s Forces, produced to your Committee, a Copy of his Majesty’s Warrant; which the Witness said, he had transcribed from, and compared with, the original Warrant or Sign Manual; which is as follows:

GEORGE R,

Whereas by our Commission, bearing Date the 23d of November 1753, We thought fit to appoint Lieutenant Colonel Cratcherodc to be Lieutenant Governor of St. Philip's Cattle, in the Island of Minorca, in Consideration of his long Services; and were moreover pleased to excuse his going to hisGovernment,where his Presence was not wanted, as there was a Lieutenant Governor of the Island on the Spot, on account of his Age and Infirmities: And whereas he hath Alice been deprived of the Government to which We had thus appointed him, by the Surrender of the Cattle of St. Philips; therefore, that the said Lieutenant Colonel Cratcherodc may not he left without a Mark of our Royal Favour, and Approbation of his Serv ices, We are graciously pleased to continue his Pay to him, from the Surrender of the said Cattle of St. Philip's to the 25th December 1756. Our Will and Pica lure therefore is. That out of such Monies as arc or shall come to your Hands, arising from the Savings by the Surrender of Minorca, and the Reduction of the Statt Officers thereof* you do iffiuc to the said Lieutenant Colonel Cratcherodc his Pay, as Lieutenant Governor of St. Philip's Cattle, according to his former Establishment, from the 28th of June (the Day of the Surrender) to the 25th December 1756, exclusive; and for so doing this, with the Acquittance of the said Lieutenant Colonel Cratcherodc, or of his Assign, shall be your Warrant and Discharge. Given at our Court at Kensington, this 21 ft Day of May 1757, in the Thirtieth Year of Our Reign.

By his Majesty’s Command,

Barrington.

To Our Right trutty and Right well-beloved Cousin Henry Earl of Darlington, late Pay matter General, and our Right trutty and well-beloved Thomas Lord Vi f count Dupplin, Pay matter General of our Guards, Gamfons, and Land Forces.

And Mr. Fitter added, He was Agent to the Petitioner, and receives his Half Pay; and that he has had no other Allowance since the 25th of December 1756.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Vol. 28.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further ,of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

1

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to , Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Housej to-and Means, consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into £ Duty on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ren- Culm, dering the Exportation of Culm from the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembrokeand the Limits thereof, to the neighbouring Counties, more easy to the Proprietors* and Purchasers of the Lame; and for better; ' fecit ring ihe Duties payable thereon.

Mr; Speaker lefLthe Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amende; ments thereunto; which they had'directed him1 to report,' when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday 1

Morning next. t

The House, according to Order, resolved itself info a; Expiring Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to conn Law*, tinue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the* clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Caroling, in America, directly to any P<vt of Europe, Southward ofj Cape Fi-nijterre, in Ships built and navigated according toiLaw; to the free Importation of Cochineal and loffico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in.

Great Britain; and for allowingfurtherTimefor making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and filing thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the BiJl, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morro\V Morning.


The House, according to Older, resolved itself into a Supply Bill i Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to con- Sail Cloth, tinue an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee. That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read; ,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Exportation

>» Y the of Runv&e-

9rI° 7° — 8° A. i 760.

the Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits made from Melasses;

And then the House adjourned tift Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

>,) ...a — .----- . -

Jovisy 8° die Maii;

Anno 33* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

Trial of A/T®- Veitch presented to the House, according to

Treason in dVA Order, a Bill for ref iving and Continuing so much cot an . ani made in the 21 ft Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, as relates to the more effectual Tryal and Punishment of High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in the Highlands of Scotland; and also for continuing Two other Acts, One made in the 19th Year, and the other made in the 21st Year, of his present Majesty’s Reign, so far as they relate to the more effectual disarming the Highlands of Scotland, and securing the Peace thereof: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Expiring Mr. AldermanDickinson, according to Order, reported

Law*. £.om Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Cuiloms; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in Ame-rictiy directly to any Part of Europe, Sout hward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built and navigated according to Law; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indicoj to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad* and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain i and for allowing further Time for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and filing thereof; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill ' and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Ciork’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Northflett, An ingrossed Bill for rendering more effectual several Road*. Acts, passed in the 10th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anney in the 1 ith Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging,amending, and maintaining, the Road from Dartford to Northfleet and Gravefcndy and from Grace send to Chalk, and from Northfleet to Chalky and from thence to the Stones Endy near the Parish Church of Si rood, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts, passed in the 10th Year ofher late Majesty Queen Anne, in the 11 th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining the Road from Dartford to Northfleet and Gravefcndy and from Graves end to Chalky and from Northfleet to Chalk, and from thence to the Stones End, near the Parish Church of Strood.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanger do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Trisby An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the com-Inclosure. Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waite Grounds, in

the Parish of Frijby upon the Wreak, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L; 6. After " whereas," to insert " the King’s (e most Excellent Majesty is Patron of the Vicarage, " and."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed- to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Frijby upon the Wreak, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Olmius do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary Pitt acquainted the House, That he had a Message from his Majesty to this House, iigned by his Majesty: And he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker; all the Members of the House being uncovered; and- is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, relying on the experienced Zeal and Affection of his faithful Commons, and considering that, in this critical Con juncture. Emergencies mayarife, which may beof the utmost Importance, and be attended with the most pernicious Consequences, if proper Means jfhould not immediately be applied to prevent or defeat them, is defwous. That this House will enable him to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1760, and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprises or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

G. R.

Resolved, Nemine contradicenie, That his Majesty’s most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whoni it is referred to contider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Commons, or Wastes, and common Meadow Grounds, within the Manor and Soke of Cation, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following Were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

In Clause A, added to the said Bill by the Committee, to whom the same was committed, after " Pro-w vided," to insert " and it is hereby further Enacted

In the Amendment made by the said Committee, in Pr. 18. L. 13. To leave out u Provided always," and insert " and:"

In Clause C, added by the said Committee, after " Provided" to insert " and it is hereby further Enacted."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with she Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. IJetvett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth delire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anney intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed

him

Message from i tie Kin<»i Vtt of Credit.

Cat

In do

Si?

Sa

3 5 Geo. II. §d — 90

him to report to the ftoufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendmentsfwere once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe-verall v put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments^ be ingrossed.

OrPenwich

Out-

Pensioners.

M'litiaMen’s

Families

Allowances.

Supply Bill; Hackney Chairs, &c.

Supply Bill; Exports; ion of Ruin, &c.

A Bill to authorize the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich to allow Out Petitions to poor Seamen, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, That the Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Two Months.

A Bill for limiting, confining, and better regulating, the Payment of the Weekly Allowances made by Act of Parliament, for the Maintenance of Families unable to support themselves during the Absence of Militia Men, embodied and ordered out into actual Service; and for amending and improving the Establishment of the Militia, and lessening' the Number of Officers of the Militia intitled to Pay, within that Part of Great Britain called England; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ResolvedThat this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tfpoh the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing certain Laws relating to the additional Number of One hundred Chairs; and to the Powers given for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs;

Resolved, That this House, will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ripon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture, of the BritiJ/i Sugqr Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits made from Melasses.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

M r. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1eneris, (f die Mail;

Anno 350 Georgii IId* Regisy 1760. Prayers.

OWVrvation T\OCTOR Simpfou presented to the House, accord-of Sunday. JL/ ing to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, so much of Two several Acts of Parliament, the One made in the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, intituled, An Aftfcjr the farther Reformation of sundry Abuses committed on the Lord's Vol. 28.

Mail. fyif

EKy, commbnly Called Sunday, kti<t the other made iri tile 29th Year of the Reign of King Charles tlib Second, intituled, An Act for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day,cdmmonIy Called Sunday, so far as the same relate to Butchers killing or felling any Victuals on the Lord’s Day, and to Traaefmen, Artificers, Workmen, or Labourers, using or exercising any worldly Labour,

Business, or Work, of their ordinary Callings, upon the Lord's Day: And the same was received; arid read the First time.

kefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill he read Secohd time, upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify persons who have Offices and otnitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ- EmPtoy-ments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing ment further time for that Puiqiofe; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants,

Officers of the Militia, and others, who have omitted to register, or to deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Thorot&n do carry the Bill to the Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Aa PapiftsifeedEf for allowing further Time for Inrpllment of Deeds Wills, and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protefilant Purchasers; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Aa Hinckley for inclosing and dividing the open and common Fields incl°fw*-of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved. That Part of an Act, made Supply Bilfr in the 31st Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act to explain, amend, and enforce an Act, made iri an 01 the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen:, who are appointed to prepare, and frring in, a Bill^ pursuant to the Fourth of the Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to corifider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for explaining so much of the said Act as relates to the Money to be given to private Militia Men* upon their being ordered out into actual Service.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentle* men. That they do make Provision in the said Bill, That no Militia Man, who shall not before the passing of the said Bill have been trained and exercised, shall be intitled to have his Clothes for his own Use, until he shall have served for a Certain Space of Time after the Delivery of the said Clothing.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

An Account of the Expences of his Majesty’s Mint within the Tower of London, in the Year 1759; distinguishing the extraordinary Charges attending the fame.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as folloWeth; viz.

As

Account of Mint Expends,

912 - 9 MaiL 176a.

An ACCOUNT of the Expencesrof his Majesty’s ^f int within the Tower of London*»in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine; distinguishitig the extraordinary Charges attending the fame.

For One whole Year's Salaries, payable by the Mailer, to the principal Officers and Clerks, per £. s, d. Indenture ----- 1,300 — —

To Mr. Harris, the King’s Assay Mailer,by Patent - - 300-

To Mr. Alchorne, his Deputy - - - - -100-

For Water Silver, Aqua Fortis, Charcoal, SCc. for the Assay Offices - - - - 101 — —

To the Purveyor, for several small Necessaries by him provided, for all the Offices belonging to

the Mint.....- 2194

To the Allowance of Six Shillings and Six Pence per Pound Weight on ^zct. 10,000 of Gold

coined, being the estimated Quantity of Gold coined communibus Annis - 3,250--

Pix thereon - - - - 468 1

Allowance for coining f.zvt. 34 of Silver* at Seventeen Pence Halfpenny per Pound Weight - 297

Pix thereon - 1 —

For Fees paid at the Treasury, Exchequer, and elsewhere ----- 664 18 6

To several Artificers^ for several Materials by them found, and Work performed - 396 8 11

FoFppe whole Year’s Salaries payable by the Warden, per Indenture ----- ir^qo — —

To several Artificers, payable by him - ’ - - - 663 16

To him, for Diet and several other Allowances and incidental Expences - - - 4 30 8 —

To the Solicitor his yearly Salary - - -.....60 — —

To the Auditor - - - - 84-

9>4j1 lS 4

By the extraordinary Coinage of £. wt. 41,985 of Gold, at Six Shillings Six Pence per Pound - 13,645 2 1 o

By the Pix thereon - <* - - - - 2,799 — —

By Loss upon Gold A (fays - - 212

By extra Expence for Water Silver, Aqua Fortis, Charcoal, Sic. for the Assay Offices - - 667 n 6

By extraordinary Expence for the Warden’s Part of the Diet - - - - 75-----

Paid to Mr. Chamberlain, Solicitor of the Mint, pursuant to a Warrant from the Right honourable

the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury ----- --- - 300-----

Total Sum - - - £. 26,940 13 10

jri — irr —: — szs*

N. B. To satisfy this Demand, in Part, there has been issued to the "Mailer,. £. s. tf.-

out of the Coinage Duties and Supplies of the Year - 13,628 — 9

So that the Net Debt due from the Crown, unprovided for, amounts to the Sum of - - -13,312 13 1

.26,940 13 10

Mint Office, 8 May 1760. W. Chelzvynd. = = =c

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon' the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Greenwich An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual securing the Hospiul. paymen{ of such Prize and Bounty Monies as were appropriated to the Ule of Greemvich Hospital, by an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, x An Act for the more effectual securing the Payment of

such Prize and Bounty Monies as* were appropriated to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, by an Act made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more fyeedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Admiral Townsend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Anftey A Petition of Noah Thomas, of Westminster, in the luciolure. £ounty of Middlesex, Doctor in Pliyfic, was presented to the House* and read; taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields of Anfly, in the County of Leicester, which the Petitioner is informed is referred to a Committee; and alleging, that the Petitioner is not only a LeiTee for Three Lives under the Earl of Stamford, of divers Lands and Hereditaments, as well Part of the ancient Inclosure as of the new intended Inclosure, but a considerable Freeholder of Lands lying within the said common and open Fields; and that should the Bill, as it now (lands, pass into a Law, it will be greatly detrimental to the Petitioner, as it" will, in a great measure, if not totally, destroy his said Lease, and the Covenants therein contained, and lay a most heavy and grievous Burthen on him and his Heirs, by reason of the said Inclosure: And therefore praying, That he may be heard by Uimfelf or. A. 14

Counsel before the said Committee, against fucll Parts o the said Bill as may &ffeft him, or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to w hom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard by himself, or his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to SucrpJ^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That t he Eftiraate of the Charge of a Regiment of Light Dragoons, and of an additional Company to Lieutenant Colonel Vaughan9s Corps, for the Year 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majestyv

The

33 Geo. II. 90 — 10* Mait. 913

ays The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of their Cottages had a Right of Common thereon; I Mean*. j*ef0|ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and that no Person appeared before the Committee to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup- oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone I*'y granted to his Majesty; through the Bill, and made federal Amendments thereto

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- unto; which they had directed him to report to the ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at ity on Sir John Philippa, according to Order, reported from the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once ilm. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one;

rendering the Exportation of Culm from the Harbour of and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and the Limits agreed to by the House.

thereof, to the neighbouring Counties, more easy to the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Proprietors and Purchasers of the fame; and for better ingrossed. securing the Duties payable thereon; was committed;

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

initTtMcft* The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a amilits Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for lirait-Lilowaoce*. jn^ confining, and better regulating, the Payment of the Weekly Allowances, made by Act of Parliament, for the Maintenance of Families unable tosupport them-feJves during the Absence of Militia Men, embodied and ordered out into actual Service; and for amending and improving the Establishment of the Militia, and lefletiing the Number of Officers of the Militia intitled to Pay, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they fold made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

ResolvedyTiViit this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

supply Bill; The other Orders of the Day being read;

la. knry Rcjblved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

lrs* c* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing certain Laws relating to the additional Number of One hundred Hackney Chairs; and to the Powers given for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the ^►or ation whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Exit Rum, Ac. portation of Rum and Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits made from Melasses, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, io ? dieMaii;

Anno 33# Georgii IIdl Regis, 1760. Prayers.

v Ftotcm Ti ^R. Ft I lowes reported from the Committee, to lndoiute. JLy JL whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open f1i Fields and Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Fiction,

in the County of Huntingdon, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sat isfaction of the Committee, except three Persons, "Who had not any Property in the Fields, but in Right VOL. 2 8.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One Million, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1760, and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Eight hundred Seventy-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Light Dragoons, and of an additional Company to Lieutenant Colonel Vaughan's Corps, for the Year 1760.

The Frrft Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine contradicente.

The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for en- Exportation couraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits of the of Ruro* &c. Growth, Produce, and Manufacture, of the British Su-garPlantations from this Kingdom, and of BvilifhSpirits made from Melasses, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally pat thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hezvett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the common and watle inclosur* Grounds, open arable Fields, Meadows, and Pallures, in the Township and Parish of Mijfon, in the Counties of Nottingham and Lincoln, or One of them, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Fifteen Persons, whose Properties in the said Township or Parish conlift of about £.128 per Annum; and also except some other Persons, whose Properties consist of £. 80 per Annum, and who could not be found; and that the whole Property in the said Township or Parish consists of about £. 1000 per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Ipveral Amendments thereunto; which they haddireCled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Places and afterwards delivered the Bill,with the Amend-

10 Z ments,

9*4

io" — 12° Mail. A. 1760.

ipentg in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Fetherfton’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Hftate. for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Matthew Fetherston Baronet, in the County of Essex\ and for layingout the Money, fifing by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Jarrit Smithy Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bacon, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Vanfit-tart, Mr. Alderman DickinJ'on, Mr. Tyner, Mr. IIewetty Mr. Wilkinfony Mr. John Pitt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Recorder of ljondon, Sir John Turnery Mr. Sandys, Mr, Gibbons, Mr. Moure, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Staunton, Mr, Calthorpe, Mr. Thornton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Burrell, Sir JohnPhillipps, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Ward, Mr. Willesy Mr. Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Ejffex, Hertford, Suffolk, Norfolk, Middlesex, and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Expiring An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws therein

Laws. mentioned, relating to the clandestine Running of un* customed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby: to the granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina in America directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built and navigated according to Law; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain: and for allowing further Time for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contrails of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and Filing thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be An Actto continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the clandestine Running of uneuftomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Cuftoins; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; -to the granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina in America directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built and navigated according to Law: to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain; and for allowing further Time for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contrails of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and Filing thereof.

OrderedJYhoX Mr. Alderman Dkkinfan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bawtry to Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to

Sheffield whom the Bill for amending and widening the Road from Bawtiy to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of Worlley, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchef 'ter, was re-committed, That the Committee had made tfoitte other Amendments to the Bill: which they had ‘directetl him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read:

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration after the Houseilia.il have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Militia Men’s The House, according to Order, resolved rtfelf into

Hnnhes a Committee of the whole House, to coufitder further of

AlloWiftCCi# q

the Bill for limiting, confining, and better regulating the Payment of the Weekly Allowances, made by Art of Parliament, for the Maintenance of Families unable to support themselves during the Absence of Militia Men, embodied and ordered out into actual Service; and for amending and improving the Establishment of the Militia^and lessening the Number of Officers of the Militia intitled to Pay; within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker refmned the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directedhim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday, Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mondqy Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hackney House, upon the Bill for continuing certain Laws re- Chairs»to lating to the additional Number of One hundred Hackney Chairs; and to the Powers given for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

The Order made this Day, for taking into further Bawtrrto Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and widening the Road from Bazcfry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of Worlley,\n the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the oilier Orders of the Day, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being several\y read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 1 20 die Man \

Anno 330 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

\N ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the com- Milb mon and waste Grounds, open arable Fields, hekii Meadows, and Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Miffbn, in the Counties of Nottingham and Lincoln, or One of them, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the common and waste Grounds, open arable Fields, Meadows, and Prif-tures, in the Township and Parish of Miffbn, in the Counties of Nottingham and Lincoln, or One of them, Oi'dered, That Mr. Hcivett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Air Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act HighP^ for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in ticXm the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Barwn’ Peak, and Manor of Cajlleton, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bcrgirnai for veiling the Inheritance of the Rectory and Tythes of Bedgeworth, granted by King Henry the Eighth to the late dissolved Corporation of Bergavenny, and by them leased to Jesus College in Oxford, towards maintaininga Fellow and Scholars from Bergavenny School; and for "veiling other Rectories and Tythes in the County of

Moninonth,

3 3 Geo. IL: . iV his

Monmouth, granted by the said King Henry to the said Corporation, in Trustees, for supporting the said School, and for Relief of the Poor of the said Town; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Thomas Chiddick, John Jfupgood, jW/ft Carpenter, and William Bartholo-mexc, did, upon the First Day of April last, enter upon the Manors of St oak and Ford, and West Bedzvin, otherwise Grazf Bedwin, in the County of Wilts, being the Inflate and Possession of the Right honourable the Earl of Verney, a Member of this House, and did proceed to dig up the Ground there, although Notice was given them to desist by the said Earl; and that Richard Bartholomew did also carry away a Tree, the Property of the said Earl, from off the said Manors.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Meetings of An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Time for the First

Commission* Meetings of Coriimifikmers or Trustees, fin* putting in

ers under Execution certain Act $ of this Session of Parliament, was

certain Aits. i t*.

read the 1 hmi tune.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for enlarging the Time for the First Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Raymond An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act and Cator’s for exchanging certain Mefliiages, Lands, and Here-an^* ditaments, in the Parities of Beck high am and Lew if ham, in the County of Kent, Part of the Estate late ot Hugh Raymond Esquire, decealed, for other Lands and Hereditaments, in the said Parilli of Beckingham, belonging to John Cator the younger, and for settling the Lands, lb taken in Exchange, to the same LTfes as the Lands given in Exchange stand limited; and for enabling Jones Raymond and Peter Burrell, Esquires to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the Estate late of the said Hugh Raymond; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. 1Jewett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

WVflimnfter Mr. Wilkes reported from the Committee, to whom Abbey the Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate

Estate. Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, and their Successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors aLeafe or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Mefl'u ages, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read t hroughout; and then a Second time, one hv one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Duty on An ingrossed Bill for rendering the Exportation of Luan. Culm from the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and the Limits thereof, to the neighbouring Counties, more easy to the Proprietors and Purchasers of the fame; and for better securing the Duties payable thereon; was read the Third time.

Vol. 28.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for rendering the Exportation of Culm from the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and the Limits thereof, to the neighbouring Counties, more easy to the Proprietors and Purchasers of the feme, and for better securing the Duties payable thereon.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill to explain, amend, and render more efleftjial, Observatfon so much of Two several Acts of Parliament, the pn$ of Sunday, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, intituled, An Act for the farther Reformation of sundry Abuses committed on the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday; and the other, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled,

An Act for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday, so far as the famq relate to Butchers killing or felling any Victuals on the Lord's Day, to Tradesmen, Artificers, Workmen, or Labourers using or execifingany worldly Labour, Bhfiness, or Work, of their ordinary Callings, upon the Lord’s Day; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, That the J£1P be*06m-

mi tied; . tv ’ "

And a Debate arising in the House therehpdto; -

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Month. . ’ . /

The Order of the Day being read* for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of the Supply , granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Expences of his Majesty’s Mint within the Tower of London, in the Yrear 1759; distinguishing the extraordinary Charges attending the fame; be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, That the Account shewing the Time when the Sum of£.69,910. 15$. 9^. granted in the last Session of Parliament, upon Account, for discharging the Debts, with the necessary Expences attending the Payment of the fame, claimed and sustained upon the Lands and Estate which became forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of John Drummond, taking upon himself the Style and Title of Lord John Dr woman a.

Brother to James Drummond, taking upon himself the

Title of Duke of Perth, was iflhed at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, be referred to the fiud Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty recommends it to the House to make Provision for paying and discharging so much of the said Debts, with the necessary Expences attending the Payment of the fame, as shall be remaining uafatisfied, and not already provided for.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Lieutenant Colonel Mordaunt Cracherode, late Lieutenant Governor of Fort St.

Philip, in the Island of Minorca, was referred, be referred to the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Meani. consider further of Ways and Means (or railing the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered,

r

Militia Men’s Families Allowances.

Ditto.

Supply BW; Hackney

9i<i is0 — 130 Mail 1760.

Ordered, That Surpluses, dated the 5th ^pr// 1759* be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufi’es, dated the 10th October 1759, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for limiting, confining, and better regulating, the Payment of the Weekly Allowances, made by Act of Parliament, for the Maintenance of Families unable to support themselves during the Absence of Militia Men, embodied and ordered out into actual Service; and for amending and improving the Estabiftiment of the Militia and lessening the Number of Officers of the Militia intitled to Pay, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed;

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Town Clerk, Sheriffs, Gentlemen, Merchants, Clergy, Tradesmen, and others, Inhabitants of the ancient City of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting, That by an Act, relating to the Militia, passed in the 31 fl Year of the Reign of his Majesty, it is provided, that when any Militia Men shall be ordered out into actual Service, leavingFamilies not of Ability to support themselves during their Absence, the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish where such Families shall reftde shall allow them such Weekly Allowance for their Support, until the Return of such Militia Men, as shall be ordered by any One Justice of the Peace, winch Allowances shall be reimbursed out of the County Stock; and alleging, that a considerable Number of Men, Inhabitants of the said City, have entered themselves to serve in the Militia of the County of Lincoln, as Volunteers for several Parishes and Persons in the said County of Lincoln, and many more are and will be likely to enter such Services; and that, the said Militia being now called out into actual Service, the said Voluuteers have left their Families, and serve for some Towns in the said County of Lincoln, yet are nevertheless supported by the County Stock of the City and County of the City of Lincoln; and taking Notice of the Bill lor limiting, confining and better regulating, the Payment of the Weekly Allowances, made by Act of Parliament, for the Maintenance of Families unable to support themselves during the Absence of Militia Men, embodied and ordered out into actual Service; and for amending and improving the Establishment of the Militia, and lessening the Number of Officers in the Militia intitled to Pay, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And praying, That, if the said Bill iliould pass into a Law, the Petitioners may thereby or otherwise have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall them meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

resolve itself itself into & Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing certain Laws relating to the additional Number of One hundred Hackney Chairs; and to the Powers given for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 130 die Matt;

Anno 33d Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760*

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of Westamfe the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westmin- Abbey Jler, and their Successors, to make and grant unto James Ellatc* Mallors a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, and their Successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors a Lease or Leases of certain Piecesof Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkes, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Olmius reported from the Committee, to whom strode’* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act for Estate. felling certain Manors, capital Messuages Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford, comprised in a Settlement made by William Y/ror/e Esquire, deceased; and for purchasing, with the Money arising by such Sale, other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the likeUfes; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee haddirefted him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fte Fields and Grounds in the Manor and Parish of 1Fiction, lodofo in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Fiction, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Felloives, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Bill for reviving and continuing so much of an Act, TraU made in the 21st Year of his present Majesty s Reign, as relates to the more effectual Tryal and Punishment of High Treason, and Misprifton of High Treason, in the Highlands in Scotland; and also for continuing Two other Acts, One made in the 19th Year, and the other made in the 21st Year, of his present Majesty’s Reign, so far as they relate to the more effectual disarming the Highlands of Scotland, and securing the Peace thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee; of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the $u$ Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

the


Supply Bill; Exportation of Jtum, Lc

Ways and Means.

53 Geo. II. i 3° Ma' 917

the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the Ho'ife; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at \ he Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, 'That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Surn, not exceeding Eleven thousand Nine hundred and Forty Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence, he granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Charge of his Majesty *s Mint in the Tower of London, in the Year 1759.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for paying and discharging so much of the Debts, with the necessary Ex ponces attending the Payment of the fame, claimed and sustained upon the Lands and Ellate which became forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of John Drummond^ taking upon him fed f the Stile and Title of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking upon himself the Title of Duke of Ferth, as shall be remaining unsatisfied, and not already provided for.

The laid llefoiutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Rum gild Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Manu- facture, of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits made from Melasses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits of the«Growth, Produce, and Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits made from Melasses.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Rejulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for raising the Sum of One million, granted to his Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and also the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, in Part of the Supply granted to his Majesty for Naval Services, the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereon, on or before the 25th Day of March 1761, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two millions Six hundred and Two thousand Seven hundred and Six Pounds Nine Shillings and Nine Pence out of such Monies as shall or may arise of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of One million be raised by Loans, or Exchequer Bills to be charged on the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. James Grenville, the Lord North, Mr. OJicald, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Vol. 28.

Solicitor General, Mr. West, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That Part of an A&, made in supply Bill; thegoth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled Militia Pay An Act for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces and Clothing in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House* was also moved, That the Resolution of the House, of the 28th Day of April last, " That a Sum,

" not exceeding £. 260,104. 16 8 d. be granted to

4C his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the embodied *9 Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, from <c the respective Times that they were embodied, and " of the Fencible Men of Argyll/hire, and Lord Slitherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain, from " the Commencement of their Establishment, to the " 24th Day of December 1760," might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Fourth of the Resolutions, wdiich, upon Tuesday the Sixth Day of thisinstant May, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House,

That they do insert a Clause or Clauses, in the said BiH, for obviating Doubts that have arisen upon so much of an Act, made in the 30th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, as relates, to the Time for the Commencement of Pay to the Officers of the Militia and private Militia Men, when drawn out into actual Service.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the MilitiaMen’s Committee of the whole House, to whom the BiH for Family limiting, confining, and better regulating, the Payment AllowaDCe,‘ of the Weekly Allowances, made by Act of Parliament, for the Maintenance of Families unable to support themselves during the Absence of Militia Men, embodied and ordered out into actual Service, and for amending and improving the Establishment of the Militia, and lessening the Number of Officers of the Militia intitled to Pay, within that Part of Great Britain called England; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-raliy put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest w'ere, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was olfered to be added to the Bill, directing the Treaturers of Counties to transmit their Accounts to the Remembrancer’s Office:

And the said Clause was twice read, and amended.

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to Allowances to be made to the Families of Militia Men who do not serve for the Places where their Families reside:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clafe was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the Manner of collecting the Monet' to be afieffed:

And the said Clause was once read; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for explaining a Doubt in the Act for punishing Mutiny and Defer! ion, and for the better Payment of the ^.rmy and their Quarters:

11 A

And

9*8 130 — 140

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for returning and transmitting Lifts of the Numbers of Men in the several Counties, Cities, and Places:

And the said Clause was twice read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

SupDly Bill; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Chain&c re^ve ’nto a Committee of the whole House, C* upon the BilJ for continuing certain Laws, relating to the additional Number of One hundred Hackney Chairs; and to the Powers given for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

Aud then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 140 Maii;

Anno 33* Georgii III‘ Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris;

Mr. Speaker,

Laws The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act respe&ipg to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 29th Year Fish, &c. Qf his present Majesty s Reign, concerning a free Market for Fish at Westminster, as requires Fishermen to enter their Fishing Vessels at the Office of the Searcher of $he Customs at G.rqvefend; and to regulate the Sale of Fish at the First Hand in the Fish Markets in Z,on-don and Westminster; and to prevent Salesmen of Fish buying Fish to fell again on their own Account; and to allow Bret and Tyrbot, Brill and Pearl, although Under the respective Dimensions mentioned in a former Act, to be imported and fold; and to punish Persons who shall take or fell any Spawn, Brood, or Fry of Fish, unfizeable Fish, or Fish out of Season, or Smelts under the Size of Five Inches; and for other Purposes; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Catton The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made Inclosure. l>y- this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for divid--ing and inclosing feveml open Fields, Commons, or Wastes, and common Meadow Grounds, within the Manor and Soke of Cation, in the County of York: And abb,

Wall’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Leafing, impower John Wall the Grandfather, and Mary Wall the Guardian, of Anna Maria Wall, an Infant, to execute Articles, Leases, or Grants, for giving Liberty to drive a Sough through an Estate called Cowley Estate, in the Parishes of Darky and Youlgreave, in the County of Derby, defeended to, and now veiled in, the said Anna Maria Wall: To which the Lords deft re the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill- ^r* Charltoi1 presented to the House, according to Exchequer Order, a Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Bills. Sum of Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

lle/blved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bawtry to An ingossed Bill for amending and widening the Si effield Road from Bawiry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the

Road, South Side of Wortley, in the County of York, where it

joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending and widening the Road from Bawtry 10 Sheffield, and f rom Sheffield to the South Side of Wort ley, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Toad leading from Rotherham to Manchester. 17

Maii. v A. 1760.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Supply Bill;

1 ith Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, SalcCloii1, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled,

An Act for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinfcn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for granting Act his Majesty a certain s^n8 Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service Ufl' of the Year 1760: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to SupplyBHI; Order, a Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Na*ylcbt. Sum of Money towards pay ing off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services in the Year 1760: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bin*, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Hnckrq upon the Bill for continuing certain7Laws, relating to ^hairs’^ the additional Number of One hundred HackneyCbairs; and to the Powers given for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly-;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pfeafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Supply B3; Order, a Bill for applying the Money granted, in this Militia Pa* Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing for the unembodied Militia, for the c,oalluBl‘ Year ending the 25th Day of March 1761; and for other Purpose* therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wav{ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of MiiltiaMart the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to FaHli,y whom the Bill for limiting, confining, and better regu- A*,0‘w‘Ka' lating, the Payment of the Weekly Allowances, made by Act of Parliament, for the Maintenance of Families unable to support themselves during the Absence of Militia Men, embodied and ordered out into actual Service; and for amending and improving the Establishment of the Militia, and leliening the Number of Officers of the Militia in titled to Pay, within that Part 0 [Great Britain called England; was committed:

And the Clause for returning and transmitting Lifts of the Numbers of Men in the several Counties, Cities, and Places, which was Yesterday offered to be added to the Bill, was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another

.OOQT

Offices and Lipploy. jneii.s.

Widening

Lcmdo«

directs.

Leeds Bridge.

Briffr*! J>riUge, See,

WaIron<-n the Hill, lndolurc.

Wall’s

Leafing.

St-ode's

Lftate.

3 3 Geo. II. 14® — 919

Another CInufe was offered to he added to the Bill, dhecting the Remembrancer to apportion the Sums among all the Counties:

And the fakl Clause was twice read with a Blank; which was tilled up.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 150 die Maii;

Anno 33° Georgii II41 Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify J uftIces of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, and others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the City of London. and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising Money for finishing and completing the Repair o {'Leeds Bridge, in the County of York; and for the purchasing and taking down the Hotifes and Buildings which straiten and obllrull the Passage to and over the said Bridge; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging, the Bridge over tFie River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening iheStreets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, leading thereto; and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said City, if necessary, and for opening proper Ways and Pafluges thereto; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the inclosing and dividing divers Parcels of Commons and waste Grounds, lying and being in the several Townships of Walton on the Hill ami Fazakerley, in the Parish of Walton on the Hill aforesaid, and County Palatine of Lancaster, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower John Wall the Grandfather, and Mary Watt the Guardian, of Anna Maria Wall, an Infant, to execute Articles, Leaies, or Grants, for giving Liberty to drive a Sough through an Estate called Cowley Estate, in the Pari fhes of Dailey and Youlgreave, in the County of Derby, defeended to, and now veiled in, the said Anna Maria Hr A, was read the Fil'd time.

llefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling certain Manors, capital Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford, comprised in a Settlement made by William Strode Esquire, deceased; and for purchasing, with the Money arising by Rich Sale, other I ands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses; was read the Third thn*.

You t*.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Olmius do carry the Bill to th£ Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, concerning a free Market for Fish at Westminster, as requires Fishermen to enter their Fishing Vessels at the Office of the Searcher of the Cttstoms at Gravesend; and to regulate the Side of Fish at the First Hand in the Fish Markets in London and Westminster; and to prevent Salcfmen of Fish buying Fish to fell again on their own Account; and to allow Bret and Turbot, Brill and Pearl, although under the respective Dimensions mentioned in a former Act, to be imported and fold; and to punish Persons who shall take or fell any Spawn, Brood, or Fry, of Fish, unfizeable Fish, or Fish out of Season, or Smelts under the Size of Five Inches; and for other Purposes.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Pr. 3. L. 1. After Justices," insert Mayors:"

Pr. 11. L. 7. After Pounds," insert " or if any such Mailer, Owner, chief Officer, or Mariner, who " shall have the Care or Conduct of any such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other Vessel, or any other Periou on board such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other Vessel, after her Arrival at the Nore, shall wil- fully dellroy, or throw or cast away, or cause to be " wilfully destroyed, or thrown or cast away, any Filli 4C which the said Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or Fishing Vessel, shall have brought from the Sea, that is not " unwholesome, perished,or unmarketable, such Matter, 44 chief Owner, Officer, or Mariner, shall be committed ,c to the House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, and to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Two Months, nor Jess tbaa " One Month."

Pr. 14. L. 11. After Pounds," insert and that nt> 44 such Fish shall be unloaded or delivered out of any " Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other Fishing Vessel or Vessels unless by Retail, into any other Vessel or Boat, " after such her Arrival at the Nore, but into such Vessel or VeiMs, Boat or Boats; as shall he employed " to carry the Filli directly to the Market at Billings* 44 gate or Westminster; and that no such Vessel or Boat, 44 after such Fish pnt therein, shall afterwards loiter or keep from going on directJy, and as soon as may be, 44 to and for the Market to which such Vessel or Boat is appointed or bound: And in case such Vessel or Boat, 44 into which such Fish shall be unloaded and delivered out for the Market, shall remain above One Tide with her Fish, after taking in the fame, in her Way between the Place of such Taking in and the Market at Billingsgate or Westminster as aforesaid, or shall remain without delivering her Fish there, at or before " the next Market (Accidents of Wind and Weather excepted), every such Person, acting contrary to the said Prohibitions, shall be committed to the House of* 44 Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, and to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Two Months, nor Jess than One Month:"

Pr. 16. L. 31. After fold," insert 4C by Retail:"

Pr. 17. L. 13. After weigh," insert44 or shall refuse or neglect to weigh and measure any such Bret or ‘4 Turbot, Brill or Pearl, which shall be exposed to or «4 for Sale when required:"

Pi’. *23. L. 31. After Execution," insert44 and shall also from time to time take care that the Provisions made by a Statute, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled,

44 An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fifliermen of the said River; against regrating of Fish in and at the Market of Billingsgate, or within One hundred

44 and

Laws

resp^ng

Fish/Xc.

920 15° — i6°

c< and Fifty Yards of Billingsgate Dock, be firiftly ob-4< served; and to lay Information, from time to time, u before Ionic lattice or Justices of the Peace of the " said City of London, against every Person and Persons " whom the said Under Bailiff, or any Yeoman of the €t Water Side, for the Time being, shall at any time (i find or discoverto offend against the Statute, in order \* " that every Inch Offender may be punished as by the

w said last mentioned Statute is directed

Pr. 2f>. L. 37. Leave out " One Month," and, instead thereof, inlert " Two Months."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Supply Bill; A Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum Navy Dcbr. of Money towards paying olFand discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services in the Year 1760, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That-the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Sinking Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Fund. Year 17C0, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved)That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; A Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum Brills^ Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved)That the Bill be committed to aCommittee of the whole House.

Resolved)That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Hackney Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Chairs,&c. continuing certain Laws, relating to the additional Number of One hundred Hackney Chairs; and to the Powers given for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Trial of The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

Treason whole House, upon the Bill for reviving and continuing in cotuna. f0 much of an made in the 21st Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more effectual Tryal and Punishment of High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in the Highlands in Scotland; and also for continuing Two other Atts, One made in the 19th Year, and the other made in the 21st Year, of his present Majesty s Reign, so far as they relate to the more effectual difurming the Highlands of Scotland, and securing the Peace thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Vcilch took the Chair of the Committee.

Mail. A. 1760.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Vfitch reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

A Bill for applying the Money granted, in thisSession Su^ of Pari iament, towards defray ing the Charge of Pay and mE Pa} Clothing for the unembodied Militia, for the Year and Cloihif. ending the 25th Day of March 1761; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved., That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That -this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 16° die Mail;

Anno 330 Georgii lldi Regis, 1760.

V It A Y E It S.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Brozonijtg:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to Lm* the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Cufloms; to prevent the clandestijne Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’sProvince of Carolina in America, directly to any Pait of Europe, Southward of Cape Finif-ter re, in Ships built and navigated according to Law; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain; and for allowing further time for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and Filing thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Cntr.ii the more effectual securing the Payment of Inch Prize Hof^i and Bounty Monies as were appropriated 10 the Ufcof Greenwich Hospital, by an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Ma jetly, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s Navy: without any Amendment: And also,

Tire Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ])un< for rendering the Exportation of Culm from the Harbour Cui» of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and the Limits thereof, to the neighbouring Counties, more easy to the Proprietors and Purchasers of the same; and for better securing the Duties payable thereon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Times for the Firil Meetings of Commissioners, or Trustees, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act M* for vesting certain Estates in Pensylvania, New JerJhf, Co^ and Maryland) belonging to the Proprietors of a Partnership commonly called the Pensylvania Land Company, in London, in Trustees, to be sold; and forotiier Purposes therein mentioned j without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for int!o.\ng and dividing the common Fields, common a

Meadows,


33 Gfio.lt

isis At

zl

Rulfel'i

Name*

Meadows, Lammas Grounds arid otlidr common and waste Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Afpley Guise, in the County of Bedford, without any Amendment: And

also, ....

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Russel Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Kenipe only, pursuant to the Will of William Kempe Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew* ,

And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read, the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Em The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

poymcDis. ^men(jmentSj ma^e by the Lords, to the Bill* intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qua-, lify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants* Officers of the Militia, and others, who have omitted to register or to deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Timd for those Purposes.

And the said Amendments were read; and arfc &s followeth; viz.

Pr. i. L. 35. Leave out "Thirteenth," and infer! " Thirtieth

Pr. 3. L. 36. After "directed," insert "and also " leave his Qualification in Writing with the Clerk of " the Peace with whom he is by the said Act, made in the 30th Year of his present Majesty s Reign, required " to leave the fame."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. T/ioroton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for continuing certain Laws, relat-Clwirskl&c *n£ to additional Number of One hundred Hackney Chaws; and to the Powers given for regulating Hackney

Coaches and Chairs; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing certain Laws, relating to the additional Number of One hundred Hackney Chairs; and to the Powers given for regulating Hackhey Coaches and Chairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Trial of Mr. Veitch, according to Order, reported from the Ijcmland" Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reviving and continuing so much of an Act, made in the 21st Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the more effectual Tryal and Punilliment of High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in the Highlands in Scotland; and also for continuing Two other Acts, One made in the 19th Year, and the other made in the 21st Year, of his present Majesty’s Reign, so far as they relate to the more effectual disarming the Highlands of Scotland, and securing the Peace thereof; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him td report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply fill} Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Slaking Fund. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1760, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Vot,. 28.

Ordered, That it be an Tnitruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-, ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for limiting, confining, arid betle" regulating, the Payment of the Weekly Allowances, Families made by Act of Parliament, for the Maintenance of Fa- - Allowance* milies unable to support themselves during the Absence of Militia Men, embodied and ordered out into actual Service; and for amending and improving the Establishment of the Militia, and lessening the Number of Officers of the Militia intitled to Pay, within that Part of Great Britain called England: was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to thei -J

Bill, by way of Ridet, relating to Lieutenants of Counties serving as Colonels in Battalions:

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, uptm the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part Of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 34. To leave out from " required" td " for," in Pr. 2. L. 5:

Pr. 3. L. 21, 22* To leave out " who shall advance}

" the fame

Pt. 4. L. i. To leave out " with the propel " Vouchers for the fame:" '

L. 3. To leave out " Town," and insert "Towns:"

Pr. 5, L. 14. To leave out " with the proper Vouchers for the fame:"

Pr. 6. L. 29. To leave out from, " Accounts" to the End of L. 32. in Pr. 7:

Pr. 9. L. 25. To leave.out "be:"

Pr. 14. L. 20. To leave out, frorii the End of the Line, to the End of the Bill.

And the said Amendments Were; upon the Question. severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be

An Act for limiting,confining, and better regulating, the Payment of the Weekly Allowances, made by Act; of Parliament, for the Maintenance of Families unable to support themselves during the Absence Of Militia Men, embodied and ordered out into actual Service; and for explaining lb much of an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, as relates to the Militia when embodied and in actual Service; and for explaining and amending certain Parts of the Laws now in Force for the better p

Ordering of the Militia Forces in that Part of GreaZ f

Britain called England.

Ordered, That M r. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply BID 1 a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Nav7 Disenabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services in the Year 1760.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. ' -,%u

11 B The

§ii

i 6 — 17 — 19*

A- 1760

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills.

Supply Bril; Militia Pay and Clothing.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Supply Bill; Nary Debt.

Trial of Trcaion in Soodand.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House, to resolve itself into aGommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to Feceive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolved itself* into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and ftiade several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Corning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for applying the Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the unembodied Militia, for the Year ending the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1761; and forother Purposes therein mentioned. . Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned til! Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 170

Anno 33°Georgii ID1 Regis, tj6o*

Prayers.

R. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money put of the Sinking Fund for the Service of the Year i 760, was committed, the Amendments which the Com* 'mittee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Where ‘the Amendments were once read throughout; and then It Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iogrossed.

4 Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services in the Yrear 1760, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . ingrossed*

An ingrossed Bill for reviving and continuing so much

of an Act, made in the 21st Year of his

' jesty’s Reign, as relates to the more effectual Tryal and *4

Punishment of High Trealorr, and Miiprifion of High Treason, in the Highlands in Scotland; and also for continuing Two other Acts, one made in the 19th Year, and the other made in the 21 ft Year, of his present Majesty s Reign, so far as they relate to the more effeduaf disarming the Highlands of Scotla?idy and securing the Peace thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reviving and continuing so much of an? Ad, made in the 21 ft Year of his present Majesty rs Reign, as relates to the more effectual Tryal and Punishment of High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in the1 Highlands in Scotland-, andaffofor continuingTwo other Acts, one made in the iyth Y'ear, and the other made in the 21 ft Year, of his present Majesty’s Reign, so far as they relate to the more effectual disarming the Highlands of Scotland, and securing the Peace thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Veiteh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defirfe their Concurrence.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his* Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questiou feve* rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, That the Vestry Clerk of the Pariffe of St. Peter le Poor in Broad Street, London, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to th6 House,

An Account, pursuant to the Orders of this House, of the 4th Day of March last, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to lay before this House, the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for applying the Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards defray ing the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the unembodied Militia, for the Year ending the 25th Day of March 1761; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker refunded the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto *, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luneey 190 die Maii;

Anno 33° Georgii II" Regis, 1760. Prayers.

jing so much TV/f R. Rose Fuller reported from the Committee, to present Ma- XYx whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

\ ingrossed;

An Act for Sale of Part of the Settled Estate of Sirito-

tliew

Supply M; Exchequer Mi.

Account ef Par:(h Children.

Supply BA;

Militia Pay acd Clothky

Frbcrfoii

Elbtc.

33 Geo. II. 19* — to'lHaS513

thezv Fetherflon Baronet, in the County of Essex; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled iti lieu thereof; vpas committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House? without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Wall’s An ingossed Bill from the Lctrds, intituled, An Act; hcanng. ^0 impower John Wall the Grandfather, and Mary Wall the Guardian, of Anna Maria Wall, an Infant, to execute Articles, Leases, or Grants, for giving Liberty to drive a Sough through an Estate called Cowley Erfate, in the Parishes of Barley and Youlgreave, in the County of Derby, defeended to, and now vested in, the said Anna Maria Wall, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tucker, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Chqrlton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkes, Mir. Staunton, Sir John Turner, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Ward, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Marlin, Sir John Philipps, Wv.Thor o ton, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Montagu, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Medlycolt, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Samuel Martin, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Lyster, Mr, Haldane,

Sir Geo. Montgomery Me!ham, Mr. Scott, Mr. Dtlaval, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. West, Lord North, Mr. Calthorpe, Sir Matthew Lam be, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Gajhry, Sir Richard Glynne, Admiral Osborne, Sir Thomas Hales; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, St afford, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit and proceed upon the said Bill upon Wednesday Morning next.

Supply Biir; An ingossed Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a Navy Debt, certain Sum of Money towards paying off anddischarg-ing the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services in the Year 1760, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defiie their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; An ingossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sinking Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund for the Service fund. of t^e year 1760, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; An ingossed Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a Exchequer* certainSumof Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein Bills. mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating certain Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exportation for encouraging the Exportation of Rtim and Spirits of o am, &c. the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture, of the British Vol. 28.

Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits made from Melasses, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Brecon, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the &c*

Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford; and for building a Bridge over the River Wye at Br edwar dine P aft age, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Clifton for dividing and inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Inclosurt. Clifton, in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment: And also,

The. Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; Coddington for dividing and inclosing the common Fields common Iaclofitw. Meadows, and other commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Coddington, in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Blak«<lcyi for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Iwrtofur#! Pastures, common Meadows, and common Grounds, in the Parish of Blakefley, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of the Hamlet of Wood End, in the said parish, without any Amendment.

Aud then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account«f. Account of all the public Debts, at the Receipt of hfs *>uWicBcbt* Majesty’s Exchequer, standing out at Lady-day last, with the annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to whom the Bill for applying the Money Militia granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards defray- ?ay a«4 ing the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the unembodied 0 Militia, for the Year ending the 25th Day of March 1761; and for other Purposes therein mentioned $ was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the* House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed. - 1

The House being informed, That the Overseer of the ? Account Poor of the Parish of St. Leonard East Cheap, London, of Parish attended at the Door; Children,

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

An Account, pursuant to the Orders of this House, of the 4th Day of March last, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to lay before this House, the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 2 c0 die Mali;

Anno 33° Georgii II-1 Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act RufTePi to enable William Rvfjel Esquire, and his Ifiue, to Natne. take and use the Surname of Kempe only, pursuant to Will of William Kempe Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. Rose

Fuller9

24

20* — 4 r Mali. A. 1760.

Fuller, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Lyster, Mr. jl/owfagw, Mr. Wilkes; Mr, Hanger, General Cornwallis, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Fellowes, Sir tVm. Meredith, Mr.

P/tf, Mr. Cocfo, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Frederick, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Plumptre, Nlv. West, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gafliry, Mr. Tucker, Sir 7o/m Gordon, Mr. Earle, Sir Kendrick Clayton,1s/tr. Campbell, Sir Jo/w C«^, Mr. Charlton, Sir CharlesMordaunti Sir Geo. Savile; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffiex; and for the Cinque Ports; and the Counties of Kent, Surrey, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit and proceed upon the said Bill Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for applying the Money granted, in Militia this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge

Cjdthing, a,*d Clothing for the unembodied Militia, for the

Year ending the 25th Day of March 1761; and for other Purposes therein mentioned was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for applying the Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing of the unembodied Militia for One Year* ending the 25th Day of March 1761; and for explaining certain Parts of the Acts for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces within that Part of Great Britain called England, relating to the Money to be ’given to private Militia Men, upon their being ordered out into actual Service, and to the Clothes of private Militia Men, to the Time of the Commencement of the Pay of the embodied Militia.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tetherftofi’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Matthew Fetherflon Baronet, in the County of Effiex\ and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Wall's Ordered, That Mr. Henry Fane, Mr. Hammond, be leafing, added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower John Wall the Grandfather, and Maiy Wall the Guardian, of Anna Maria Wall, an Infant, to execute Articles, Leases, or Grants, for giving Liberty to drive a Sough through an Estate called Cowley Estate, in the Parishes o(Barley and Youlgreave, in the County of Derby, defended to, and now veiled in, the said Anna Maria Wall, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 21° Maii j Anno 33° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1760. Prayers.

Chipping r\R D E R E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-WWritlbC rant to Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to fervein this present . Parliament for the Borough of Chipping Wycombe, in the County of Bucks, in the room of the Right honourable John Earl of Shelburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, now Lord Wycombe, Baron of Chipping Wycombe, in the County of Bucks, called up to the House of Peers.

mitted. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Tucker reported from the Committee, to whom W*u»* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower John JFall the Grandfather, and Mary Wall the Gtrardian, of Anna Maria Wall, an Infant, to execute Articles, Leases, or Grants*, for giving Liberty to drive a Sough through an Estate called Cowley Estate, in the Parishes of Darley and Youlgreave, in the County of Derby, defeended to, and now veiled in, the said Anna ' [ Maria Wall, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holfordand Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed lo the Bill, int ituled, An Act Supply BUI; to continue an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the ^Cioli Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Bi'itain, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from Baivtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of Wort ley, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dalkeith for layitiga Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth T*°Fa Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of A!$,

Porter, or Beer brewed for Sale, or vended, within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Westminfe to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Abbt> Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, and their Successors, to make and grant unto James MaUors a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mila for dividing and allotting the common and waste f Inclo{rt Grounds, open arable Fields, Meadows and Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Miffim, in the Counties of Nottingham and Lincoln, or One of them, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Fr&r for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Meadows, IacloJr" Pastures, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Frijby upon the Wreak, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Meirta to enforce and render more effectual the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to fit in the House of Commons, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ffcsa! for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Fletton, in the County of Huntingdon, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Coi Elections be adjourned.

AufTePs Mr. Rose Fuller reported from the Committee, to Name, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Ruffiel Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Kempe only, pursuant to the Will of William Kempe Esquire, deceasecj, was com*

14

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Ruffiel Esquire, and his Issue, to take Naw and use the Surname of Kempe only, pursuant to the Will of William Kempe Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved,

Geo. II, ai° — 22°Mail.

925

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Ordered, That the said Copies, Models, Patterns, and

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to Multiples, be locked up by the Clerk of this House,

the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath and kept by him.

agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Wall* An in£r°ffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Leafing, to impower John Wall the Grandfather, end Mary Wall t he Guardian, of Anna Maria Wall, an Infant, to execute Articles, Leases, or Grants, for giving Liberty to drive aSough through tin Estate called Cowley Estate, in the Parishes of Darley and Yulgreave, in the County of Derby, descended to, and now veiled in, the said Anna Maria Wall, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaintthem, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Carysforl presented to the House, accord- Weights and ingto Order, a' Bill for enforcing Uniformity of Weights Measures* and Measures to the Standards thereof by Law to be established: And the same was received; and read the First time;

The House was moved, That so much of the several Acts, mentioned in the said Bill, as relates to the en* forcing or compelling the Observance of, or Uniformity to, any certain or established Standards of Weights or Measures, or to the punishing Disobedience thereto, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time*

heights and Measures.

The Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee, who, upon the 31st Day of Marchlaft, were appointed to examine, compare, and adjust, the Copy of the Standard Yard, and the Copies of the Standard Pound, and the Models or Patterns of the Parts thereof, and also the Multiples of the said Pound, with the Standards and Weights then brought to the Table, and, when adjuf-ted and made agreeable to the said Standards and Weights, to Jay Inch Copies, Models, Patterns, and Multiples, before this Hotiie, That the Committee had inquired into, examined, and considered of, the Matters referred to t hem; and had directed him to report the same to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table, together with the said Copies, Models, Patterns, and Multiples.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

By Mr. Harris's Apparatus, adapted to Three several Beams, have compared and ascertained the several Weights under-mentioned; viz.

Pounds. Weight.

2 Troy Pounds ... exact

1 and 1 Pound against 2 Pound D°

2 Pound against 2 Pound - D°

2 and 2 Ponnd against Pound - D#

and

4 Pound against Pound - D°

4 and Pounds against 8 Pounds 8 Pounds against 8 Pounds 8 and 8 Pounds against 16 Pounds 8 and 8 Pounds against 16 Pounds

16 and 16 Pounds against 32 Pounds -16 and 16 Pounds against 32 Pounds -

1.

N*

| N*

3-

Kent

Writ.

Parish

Children.

Beams.

Your Committee likewise examined, compared, and adjusted, the Copy of the Standard Yard; and, upon all the Trials and Comparisons, the several Weights, and the Copy of the Standard Yard, appeared so exact, that 110 greater Degree of Correctness could, in the Nature of the Thing, be expected; they therefore, in Obedience to the Commands of the House, herewith present the said Copies, Models, Patterns, and Multiples, to be disposed of as the House shall think proper.

Your Committee beg Leave to observe, that they were obliged to intruftOne Copy of the Standard Pound to the Care of Mr. Harris, for the Purpose of fizing and adjusting the Pound Weight of fine Gold ordered to be made agreeable to it by the Resolution of this House on the Second Day ul' April\nft but which Mr. Harris has not been able, by a severe Fit of Ilncfs, to undertake and prepare; and therefore it is need!ary to leave that One Copy of the Standard Pound in Mr. Harris's Cutiody till the next Session of Parliament, when the Gold Pound will be ready to be disposed of, with the other Weights and Measures already made under the Direction of your Committee, and presented to the House, in the manner the House shall best approve of.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

' VOL.28.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 220 die Mail;

Anno 330 Georgii IT1 Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

QRD ERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War*

rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Kent, in the room of the honourable Lewis Watson Esquire, now Baron Sondes, of Lees Court, in the County of Kent, called up to the House of Peers.

The House being informed, That the Vestry Clerk of A^oum of the Parish of Saint Mary at Hill, London, attended at " the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A11 Account, pursuant to the Orders of this House, of the 4th Day of March Jail, for the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, to lay before l his House, the Accounts mentioned in the said Orders.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section,

Ordered, That the Boxes, containing the Standards Weights and and Weights, which, upon the 31st Day cf March lall, Measures* were referred to the Committee who were appointed to examine, compare, and adjust, the Copy of the Standard Yard, and the Copies of the Standard Pound, and the Models or Patterns of the Parts thereof, and also the Multiples of the said Pound, with the Standards and 'Weights then brought to the Table, and when adjusted, and made agreeable to the said Standards and Weights, to lay such Copies, Models, Patterns, and Multiples, before this House, be now brought to the Table.

And the same were brought to the Table accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Standards and Weights be locked up by the Clerk of this House, and kept by him.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. llolford and Mr.

Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying oft* and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, without any Amendment: and also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One million,

11 C for

Supply Bill; Navy Del#.

Supply Bill Sinking Fund.

Supply Bill 1 Exchequer fiilli.

Supply Bill MHitit Pay -and Clothing.

Militia

Wen's

Families

Allowances.

Trial of

Treason

Supply Bill; Hackney Chairs, Ice.

Royal to Bills.

9 26

120 Matt,

for the Uses and Purposes therein mention; and for further appropriating certain Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment; And also,

'The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for applying the Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing of the unembodied Militia for One Year, ending the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one; and for explaining certain Parts of the Acts for thehetter Ordering of the Militia Forces within that Part of Great Britain called England, relating to the Money to be given to private Militia Men, upon their being ordered out into actual Service, and to the Clothes of private Militja Men* and to the Time of the Commencement of the Pay of the embodied Militia; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for limiting, confining, and better regulating, the Payment of the Weekly Allowances, made by Act of Parliament, ibr the Maintenance of Families unable to support themselves during the Absence of Militia Men, embodied and ordered out into actual Service; and for explaining so much of an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, as relates to the Militia when embodied, and in actual Service; and for explaining and amending certain|Parts of the Laws now in Force for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces in that Part of Great Britain called England; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving and continuing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of his present M a jetty’s Reign, as relates to ihe more effectualjTryal and Punishment of HighTreason, and Misprifionof High Treason, in the Highlands in Scotland; and also for continuing Two other Acts, one made in the Nineteenth Year, and the other made in the 21st Year, of his present Majesty’s Reign, so far as they relate to the more#efifeftual disarming the Highlands of Scotland, and for securing the Peace thereof; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing certain Laws, relating to the additional Number of One hundred Hackney Chairs; and to the Powers given for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message by Mr. Quarmc, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission for declaring his Royal Assent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the Jioufe of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, giving,declaring,afld notifying, the Royal Assent to several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also irapowering his Royal Hjghness the Prince of Wales, his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, his Royal Highness the Duke of York, the Lord Arch-bishop of Canterbury, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, the Lord Privy Seal and Earl Gower, named also in the said Commission; did, by virtue of the said Commission, and also of his Majesty’s Commission for holding this Parliament,accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty:

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sun* of

A. 1760.

Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty:

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating certain Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for adding certain Annuities granted in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine, to the Joint Stock of Three per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth. Twenty-ninth, and Thirty-second Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking Fund; and for cancelling such Lottery Tickets as were made forth in pursuance of an Act of the Thirtieih Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and were not disposed of:

An Act for continuing certain I^aws, relating to the additional Number of One hundred Hackney Chairs; and totbe Powers given for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs:

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragment of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain:

An Act for applying the Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing of the unembodied Militia for One Year, ending the 25th Day of March 1761; and for explaining certain Parts of the Acts for the better ordering of the Militia Forces within that Part of Great Britain called England, relating to the Money to be given to private Militia Men, upon their being ordered out into actual Service, and to the Clothes of private Militia Men, and to the Time of the Commencement of the Pay of the embodied Militia:

An Act for limiting, confining, and better regulating, the Payment of the weekly Allowances, made by Act of Parliament, for the Maintenance of Families unable to support themselves during the Absence of Militia Men, embodied and ordered out into actual Service; and for explaining so much of an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act forpunish-ing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, as relates to the Militia when embodied and in actual Service; and for explaining and amending certain Parts of the Laws now in Force for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in that Part of Great Britain called England:

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built and navigated according to Law; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Book? reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written and printed, in Great Britain; and for allowing further Time for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles, or Contrafts of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and filing thereof:

An Act for reviving and continuing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the more effectual Tryal and Punishment of HighTreason, and Misprision of High Treason, in the Highlands in Scotland; and also for continuing two other Acts, One made in the Nineteenth Year, and the other made in the Twenty-first Year, of his present Majesty’s Reign, so far as they relate lo the more effectual dilarming the Highlands of Scotland, and for securing the Peace thereof:

An Act to enforce and render more effectual the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to fit in the House of Commons:

An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits made from Melasses:

An

G<

33 Geo. II.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign* concerning a free Market for Fish at Westminster, as requires Fishermen to enter their FishingVessels at the Ofiiceof the Searcher of the Customs at Gravesend; and to regulate the Sale of Fish at the First Hand, in the Fish Markets in London and Westminster\ and to prevent Salesmen of Fish buying Fitli to fell again on their own Account; and to allow Bret and Turbot, Brill and Pearl, although under the respective Dimensions mentioned in a former Act, to be imported and fold; and to punish Persons who shall take or fell any Spawn, Brood, or Fry, of Fish, untizeable Fish, or Fish out of Season, or Smelts under the Size of Five Inches; and for other Purposes:

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers:

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, and others, who have omitted to register or to deliver in their Qulifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes:

An Act for the more effectual securing the Payment of such Prize and Bounty Monies as were appropriated to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, by an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty's Navy:

An Act for enlarging the Times for the First Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament:

An Act for rendering the Exportation of Culm, from the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and the Limits thereof, to the neighbouring Counties, more easy to the Proprietors and Purchasers of the fame, and for better securing the Duties payable thereon:

An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Paffiges, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the JJle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River, South, Plant Load and Brandon River, North, bounded on the West by the River Ouze, and on the East by WinterLoad, Earfioell Brook, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of 1 he Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands:

An Act for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak, and Manor of Cajlleton, in the County of Derby:

An Act for re-building, widening, and enlarging, the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a Ternporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, leading thereto, and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said City, if necessary, and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto:

An Act for raising Money for finishing and completing the Repair of Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, and for the purchasing and taking down the Houses and Buildings which straiten and obstruct the Passage to and over the said Bridge:

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for making the River Weaver navigable, from Frodjhain Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the County of Chester; and for the more effectual preserving and improving the Navigation of the said River:

An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended, within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith:

Vol. 28.

Maii, ‘927

An Act for diverting, altering, widening, repairing- Royai Aten* and amending, the Roads from the Town of Halifax, to Bill*,

and from Soxverby Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Littleborough, in the County of Lancaster:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warwick:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw, and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the Tweed, near Coldstream:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to the Borough of Launceston, in the County of Cornwall:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport in the County of Salop, to Ivctly Bank in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton on Arden, in the County of Warzvick, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the same County:

An Act for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone at the upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place, called Tubs Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrocke, in the said County:

An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon, to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford; and for building a Bridge over the River Wye, at Bredwardine Passage, in the fiiipe County:

An Act for amending and widening the Road from Raw try to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of Wort ley, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road, leading from Rotherham to Manchester:

An Act for dividing and incloting the several open and common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Barrow upon Soar, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and waft

Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Adwicke in the Street, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields,. commonPaftures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, of and in the Manor, Hamlet, and Liberties, of West Farndon, in the Parish of Woodford, otherwise Halje Woodforct, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, commonPaflures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Southam, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for the dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, common Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, within the Parish of Folkefworih, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Broughton Sulney, in ihe County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields of Cojlock, othermfeCortlingstock, in the County of Nottingham, and all the Lands and Grounds within the said open Fields:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Common in the Township of Ardftey and Parish of Dayfield, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for inclosing and dividing the open and common Fields of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields,

Commons, or Wastes, and common Mea(tow Grounds,

.....within

p28 22°

OJ*L-u^nt within the Manor and Soke of Cotton, in the County tcBilk of York:

An Act for the inclosing and dividing divers Parcels of Commons and waflc Grounds, lying and being in the several Townships of Walton on the Hill, and Fa za her Icy, in the Parish of Walton on the Hill aforesaid, and County Fata tine of Lancaster:

An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and other common nnd'waste Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Afplcy Guifc, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadows, and other commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Coddington, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Paftares, common Meadows, and common Grounds, in the Pariili of Blakejlcy, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of the Hamlet of I Food End, in the said Parish:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Clifton, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Frijby upon the Wreak, in the County of L.eicester:

An Act for dividing and allotting the common and walte Grounds, open arable Fields; Meadows, and Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Mijj'on, in the Counties of Nottingham and Lincoln, or One of them: An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Fletton, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for vesting the Inheritance of the Rectory and Tythes of Bedgeworth, granted by King Henry the Eighth to the late diHelved Corporation of Bergavcnny, and by them leased to Jesus College in Oxford, towards maintaining a Fellow and Scholars from Bcrgavenny School, and for vesting.otherReftories and Tythes in the County of Monmouth, granted by the said King Henry, to the said Corporation, in Trustees, for supporting the said School, and for Relief of the Poor of the said Iowa: An Act for vesting certain Estates in Pensylvania, New Jersey, and Maryland, belonging to the Proprietors of a Partnership, commonly called the Pensylvania Land Company \n London, in Trustees, to be sold; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to impower the most noble William Duke of Devonshire, to make Leases for anyTerm, not exceeding Ninety nine Years, ofcertain Estates lying in the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, devised to him by the Will of the Right honourable Dorothy Countess of Burlington, deceased:

An Act to enable John Earl of Hopeloun, Curator of Law to George Vanden Bcmpde, Marquis of'Anna/1 dale, his Uncle, a Lunatic, and the Curator of Law of the said Marquis, for the Time being, to grant Feus of certain Lands, Houses, and others, in the County of Dumfries*, and to exchange the Lands therein mentioned: An Act for vesting several Lands and Tenements in the Parish of Chijleliurjl, in the County of Kent, given to charitable Uses, for the Benefit of the said Parish, in the Right honourable Robert Bertie Esquire, commonly called Lord Robert Bertie, and his Heirs, and for making Provision of greater Value instead thereof, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to impower John Spencer Esquire, to make Leases of the Manor of Wimbledon, and of Lands and Groundsill Wimbledon, Barnes, Mortlacke, East Sheen, Putney, and Wandsworth, in the County of Surrey, given and devised by, and purchased in pursuance of, the Will of the most Noble Sarah late Duchess Dowager of Marlborough, respectively, in order for building upon and improving the same:

An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Mat the: v Fetherfton Baronet, rn the County of Essex; and for laving out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof:

An Act to enable George Keith, late Earl Mareschal,

Mail. A. 17

to fueor maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take 01* inherit any real or personal F.state, that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him, or which he was intitled unto, in Reversion or Remainder, before his Attainder:

An Act for vesting certain Tenements and Heredita* nrients in the County of Sussex, settled by John Meres Fagge Esquire, upon the Marriage of Elizabeth his Daughter with Sir John Peachey Baronet, in Tru flees, to convey the same to Sir William Peere Williams Baronet, and for settling Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof:

An Act for Sale of Part of the entailed Estate of the late Francis Charleris Esquire, and for purchasing of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for Sale of the real Estate of Thomas Beynon Esquire, a Lunatic, for discharging the Incumbrances affefrirrg the fame, and for Jay ingout the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments for the Benefit of the said Thomas Beynon, and his Heirs:

An Act for exchanging certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Pari ill es of Beckingham and Lew-. isham, in the County of Kent, Part of the Estate late of Hugh Raymond Esquire, deceased, for oilier Lands and Hereditaments, in the said Parish of Beckingham, belonging to John Cat or the younger; and for settling the Lands so taken in Exchange, to the same Uses as the Lands given in Exchange {land limited; and for enabling Jones Raymond and Peter Burrell, Esquires, to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the Estate late of the said Hugh Raymond:

An Act for felling certain Manors, capital Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford, comprised in a Settlement made by William Strode*

Esquire, deceased, and for purchasing, with the Money arising by such Sale, other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses:

An Act for settling the real Estate of James Thomas Esquire, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement, between his Heir at Law and Devisee, for that Purpose:

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, and their Successors, to make and grant unto James Mailers, a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant;

An Act to impower John Wall the Grandfather, and Mary Wall the Guardian, of Anna Maria Wall, an Infant, to execute Articles, Leases, or Grants, for giving Liberty to drive a Sough through an Estate, called Cowley Estate, in the Parishes of Darley and Youlgreave, in the County of Derby, defeended to, and now vested in, the said Anna Maria Wall:

An Act to enable William Rufjel Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Kempe only, pursuant to the Will of William Kempe Esquire, deceased.

And afterwards a Speech of the Lords Commissioners Lords Con was delivered to both Houses, by the Lord Keeper of miHioner*’ the Great Seal; which is as folloiveth; viz. Speech.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

We have received the King’s Commands to put an End to this Session of Parliament; and, upon thisOccasion, to alTure you,that his Majesty looks back with intire Satisfaction on your Proceedings during the Course of it. The Duty and Affection which you have expressed for his Person and Government, and the Zeal and Unanimity which you have flievvn in maintaining the true Interest of your Country, can only be equalled by what his Majesty hath formerly experienced from this Parliament.

His Majesty has commanded us toacquaint you, That it would have given him the mofl sensible Pieafnre, to have been able to communicate to you, that his sincere Endeavours to promote a general Pacification, had met with more suitable Returns before this Time. His Ma-

jetty

34’Geo. II. Mail. — 170

jesty, in Conjunction with his good Brother and Ally the King of Prussia, chose to give their Enemies Proofs of this equitable Disposition, in the Midst of a Series of glorious Victories, an Opportunity the most; proper to <lo it with Dignity, and to manifest to all Europe, the Purity and Moderation of his Views; after such a Conduct, his Majesty has the Comfort to reflect, that the further Continuance of the Calamities of War cannot be imputed to him or his Allies; and trulls in the Blessing of Heaven upon the Justice of his Arms, and upon those ample Means which your Zeal, in so good a Cause, has wifely put into his Hands, that his future Succeflbs in carrying on the War, will not fall short of the pall; and that in the Event, the public Tranquillity will be rellored on solid and durable Foundations.

We are further commanded to acquaint you, That his Majesty has" taken the most effectual Care to augment the combined Anny in Germany; and at the same Time to keep up such a Force at Home, as may frustrate any Attempts of the Enemy to invade these Kingdoms, which have hitherto ended only in their own Confusion.

The Royal Navy was never in a more flourishing and respectable Condition; and the signal Victory obtained last Winter over the French Fleet, on their own Coasts, as it has added Lustre to his Majesty’s Arms, has given fresh Spirit to his Maritime Forces, and reduced the Naval Strength of France to a very low Ebb.

His Majesty has disposed his Squadrons in such a Manner, as may bell conduce to the Annoyance of his Enemies; to the Defence of his own Dominions, both in Europe and America \ and to the preferring and pur-iuing his Conquests, as well as to the Protection of the Trade of his Subjects, which be has extremely at Heart.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

Nothingcould relieve his Majesty’s Royal Mind, under the Anxiety which he feels for the Burthens of his faithful Subjects, but the public spiritedChearfulness, with which von have granted him such large Supplies; a.id his Conviction, that t hey are necessary for the Security and essential Interests of his Kingdoms: The King has enjoined us to return you his hearty Thanks for them, and to allure you of their due Application to the Purposes for which they have been given.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

We have nothing further in Command from his Majesty, but to recommend toyoutheCoutinuancennd Improvement of that Union and good Harmony which he has observed with so much Plcafnre, and from which he Iras derived such important Effects. Make it your Study to promote these ddirable Objects, to support the King’s Government, and the good Order of your respective Countries, and to eonfult your own real Happiness and Prosperity; this Behaviour his Majesty graciously af-

Juliu — 180 Septembris. 9 29

sures you, will be the most acceptable Demonstration of your Duty to him.

After which, the Lord Keeper said:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament Parliament be prorogued to Thuffclay the 17th Day of prorogued. July next, to be then here held: And, by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission for holding this Parliament, and of that now read, this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the 17th Day of July next.

Jovisy 170 die Julii;

Anno 34° Georgii II. Regis, 1760.

THE House being met, according to the last Pro* Parliament rogation; further

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. prorogued. Quarme, Deputy Gentleman Uftier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, do delire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 18th Day of September next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 18 th Day of September next.

Jovis, 18° die Septembris;

Anno 340 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1760.

THE House being met, according to the last Pro- Parliament rogation; further

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. prorogued. 2uarme, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker* with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday til* 13th Day of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 13th Day of November next.

, VOL. 2$,

u D

WHEREAS

930

/I. 1760

HEREAS it hath pleased Almighty God, to call to his Mercy our late Sovereign Lord King George the Second, of Blessed Memory, by whose Decease the Imperial Crowns of Great Britain, France, and

Ireland, arefolely and rightfully come to the High and Mighty Prince, George Prince of Wales; We therefore,

Council, with Numbers of other principal Gentlemen of Quality, with the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of London, do now hereby, with one Voice, and Consent of Tongue and Heart, publish and proclaim, That the High and Mighty Prince, George Prince of Wales, is now, by the Death of our late Sovereign, of happy Memory, become our only lawful and rightful Liege Lord, George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and ^Ireland, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, to whom we do acknowledge all Faith and constant Obedience, with all hearty and humble Affection; beseeching God, by whom Kings and Queens do reign, to bless the Royal Prince, George the Third, with long and happy Years to reign over us.

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal of this Realm, being here assisted with those of his late Majesty’s Privy

Given at the Court at Carleton House, this Twenty-fifth Day of October, 1760.

GOD save the K 1 n g.

T. Penn John Andrews F. Vernon S. Cottrell.

John Pownall Edward Godfrey

John Bofcawen J. West

Tho. Chitty, Mayor

W. Finch T. Robinson JL Fox C. Pratt Dartmouth Robert Bertie Southwell Detainer J. Brudenell E. Wilmot Geo. L. Scott Gilb. Elliot Andrew Stone

William Tho. Cant. Leeds Holdernefe Cholniondeley Holies Nrwcajile Falmouth Mansfield

T. Townshend James Peachy Fr. Ramsden James Crcjfet

Waldegrave

W. Wentworth James Dunne G. Pocock

Richard Potenger

Guiver

Anjim

Barrington

John Blair Harney Palmer Vincent Mathias*

J. Clcvland John Ranby M.Gen. B. Noel

Ligonier W. Pin

P. Fenouehet Simon Parry

i Geo. III.

931

At the COURT at CARLETON HOUSE, The Twenty-fifth Day of October, 1760. PRESENT,

The KING’s most Excellent Majesty in Council.

His M A J ESTY being this Day present in Council, was pleased to make the following Declaration 5 viz.

THE Loss that I and the Nation have sustained by the Death of the King my Grandfather, would have been severely felt at any Time, but coming at so critical a Juncture, and so unexpected, it is by many Circumstances augmented, and the Weight now falling upon be much increased: I feel my own Inefficiency to support it as I wish; but animated by the tendered Affection for this my native Country, and depending on the Advice, Experience, and Abilities, of your Lordships, on the Support and Assistance of every honest Man, I enter with Chearfulness into this arduous Situation, and shall make it the Business of my Life to ' promote, in every Thing, the Glory and Happiness of these Kingdoms, to preserve and strengthen both the Constitution in Church and State; and, as I mount the Throne in the Midst of an expensive, but just and ' necessary War, I shall endeavour to prosecute it in the Manner the moll likely to bring on an honourable and lasting Peace, in Concert with my Allies.

Whereupon the Lords of the Council made it their humble Request to his Majesty, That this his Majesty’s most gracious Declaration to their Lordships, might be made public; which his Majesty was pleased to order accordingly,

F. Vernon.

VOL. 28.

JOHN

93*

A. 1760:

OIIN Duke of Rutland, Lord Steward of his Majesty’s Houshold, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, and One of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, To all, to whom these Presents shall

come. Greeting. Know ye, That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward,

have condituted, named, and appointed, and, by these Presents, do constitute, name, and appoint, the lonourable George Grenville, the Right honourable Robert Nugent, William Beckford, Alexander Forrefter, the Right honourable Henry Bilfon Legge, the Right honourable Sir Thomas Clarke Knight, Sir William Irby, Baronet, Thomas Orby Hunter, Robert Brudenell, John Fitzzoilliam, ArnoldNejbiU, AuguJliis Keppell, John Mordaunt, John Stamoix, John Crafter, Henry Ofkorn, James West9 Edward Wortley Montagu junior, James Calthorpe, the Right honourable Sir Philip Stanhope Knight of the Bath, Harbord IIarbor d, Brice Fisher, Thomas Lewis, James Oswald, George Pocock, the honourable Edward Cornwallis, John Gore, Thomas Gore, Daniel More, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Knight, Sir Willoughby Aston Baronet, Philip Carteret Webb, John (Jlmius, Calthrop Clayton, Francis Gajhry, Brijlozv, Sir Thomas Hales Baronet, the honourable Henry Finch, Sir Richard Glynn Baronet, Frazer

Honyzvood, Charles Fitzroy Scudamore, the honourable Horatio Walpole, Thomas Watson, John Probyn, William Hammond, William Mabbott, George Bridges Brudencll, Ralph Earl Verney, John Plumptre, Sir Nathaniel Curzon Baronet, Richard Nevil Aldworth, Archibald Douglass, Zachary Philip Eonereau, the Right honourable the Lord Henty Beauclerk, William Rawlin/on Earle, Charles Whitworth, Edward Bayntun, John Dodd, Sir John Crcje Baronet, Philip Stephens, Bichard Savage Lloyd, Thomas Walpole, George Colebrooke, Sir James Colebrooke Baronet, Thomas Sewell, John Jeffeiys, the Right honourable Charles Tawnjhend, Gilbert Elliot, John Off ley Sir Edward Montagu, Knight of the Bath, the Right honourable Si v Thomas Robinson Knight of the Bath, the Right honourable Lord North, John Buller, Sir William Peere Williams Baronet, Frederick Montagu, Charles Cocks, John Evelyn, the honourable John Bojcawen, Samuel Martin, George Clinton, Sir Francis Drake Baronet, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Royston, Francis Blake Deiaval, John Hujfey Delaval, Bartholomew Burton, the Right honourable William Finch, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead, to tender, and adminider the Oaths mentioned in a Statute, made in the Fird Year of the Reign of their late Mqjedies King William and Queen Mary, intituled, ‘An Act for removing and preventing all Questious €€ and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament," according to the Direction of the Statute of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the Security " of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the S^cceflion to the Crown of Great Britain, in the Protestant u Line," and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the Taking of the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person and Persons, which is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs, for the present Parliament; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Person?, which is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and also to tender and adminider the Oath mentioned in a Statute, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, a An Act for the better regulating the Election " of Members to serve in the'House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of Judiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, " to be elected, or to fit or vote as. Members of the House of Commonsaccording to the Directions of another Statute, made in the Sixteenth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me; to all and every Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be, chosen a Mem bar to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who was not, were not, or shall not be, present, at the Meeting of Election; and to take and receive the Oath of all and every such Person and Persons; giving them, my said Deputies, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the Matters herein before-mentioned; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the fame. In Tedimony whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Twenty-ninth Day of October, in the Fird Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, Francef and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, Sic. Annoque Domini, 1760.

RUTLAND. ( )

~ 933

~ " ' " =^samtamm^tmm^=ss s^!^ssssssssssassstm

J OURN ALS

OF THE

HOUSE ^COMMONS.

Sess. 1760 — 1761.

Die Dominico,26® die OSiobris;

Anno i° Georgii IIJtn Regis, 1760.

Dwiife of TT having pleased Almighty God, to call to his Mercy

:;co. if. I our late most gracious Sovereign Lord George the acccflion of JL Second, of glorious Memory, Yesterday, between the Geo. 111. Hours of Seven and Eight of the Clock in the Morning, at his Palace at Renjington; and his late Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, having met Yederday Evening, at Carleton House, where his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales then was, directed that his said Royal Highness should be proclaimed King; and the Privy Council, with the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Sheriffs, of the City of London, having this Day, in the usual Manner, published and proclaimed his said Royal Highness, by the Name of George the Third, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and others, Lords and Commons, going M etin of hi the Proceilion; aboutTwo of the Clock this Afternoon Parliament, the Parliament met at Westminster, pursuant to the Statute made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Pro-tedantLine;" and the Speaker of the House of Commons, and several other Members (Jeremiah Dyjbn Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, Mr. Hat/ell. Clerk Adidant, and other Clerks, attending according to their Duty) came into the Room belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, called the Inner Court of Wards, the usual Place of adminidering the Oaths appointed to betaken by the Members returned to serve in Parliament, before they go into the House of Commons: But the most Noble John Duke of Rutland, Lord Steward of his Mr S ker Majesty’s Houshold, not coming to adminider the said &c. departs, ’ Oaths; and it not appearing that any Person or Persons the Oaths had been deputed by him, to adminider the said Oaths;

nor being Mr. Speaker and the said other Members, after having

admniiftcre wajtec| ti)| four Gf the Clock, departed.

Lunts, 2 70 die OSiobris;

Anno i° Georgii III*" Regis, 1760.

Mr. Speaker, "\/TR. Speaker, and several other Members, came Afre, Mb, 2.VJ. again into the Room belonging to the Clerk of the Oaths1*’ the House of Commons, called the InnerCourt of Wards, not bcirg and, with Jeremiah Dyfon Esquire. Clerk of the House of administered. Commons, Mr. Hat/ell, Clerk Affidant, and olherClerks, Vol. 28.

attending as before, waited till Four of the Clock this Afternoon; when being acquainted, that the most Noble John Duke of Rutland, Lord Steward of his Majesty’s Houshold, was not yet come to Town; and it not appearing, that any Person or Persons had been deputed by him to adminider the said Oaths; Mr. Speaker and the said other Members departed.

Martis, 28° die OSiobris;

Anno i# Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1760.

MR Speaker, and several other Members, came Mr. Speaker, again into the Room belonging to the Clerk of *c.attend* the House of Commons, called the Inner Court of a^<1icpJJIt, Wards, and, with Jeremiah Dyfon Esquire, Clerk of the being House of Commons, Mr. Hatfell, Clerk Affidant, and admimflewt other Clerks attending as before, waited till Four of the Clock this Afternoon; when being acquainted, that the most Noble John Duke of Rutland, Lord Steward of his Majesty’s Houshold, was not yet come to Town; and it not appearing that any Person or Persons had been deputed by him to adminider the said Oaths; Mr.

Speaker and the said other Members departed.

Mercuriiy 29° die OSiobris j

Anno i* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1760.

THE most Noble John Duke of Rutland, Lord Member* Steward of his Majesty’s Houshold, came into the sworn by Room belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, LordSteward. called the Inner Court of Wards, the usual Place of adminidering the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Members returned to serve in Parliament, before they go into the House of Commons; and Jeremiah Dyfon Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, Mr. Hatfell,

Clerk Affidant, and other Clerks, attending according to their Duty; the Lord Steward did himself in Per fori adminider the said Oaths, appointed to be taken, to all such Members as then appeared; and afterwards made a Commission or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal, hereunto annexed, impowering the Members fofworn, to adminider the Oaths to such Members as are or should be returned: Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats, in the House of Commons; where being seated, Mr. Speaker alone, and then the other 11 E Members


Message fr#in the JLordi.

Parliament.

prorogued.

Proclamation for Meeting of

Parliament.

934 29° OBobris. — 130 Novembris. A. 1760.

Members prefer, tpok the Oath& aijd made and lub-scribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of* Great Britain in the Protestant Line/

A Message wa.4 brought from the Lords, by Mr. 2uarme, Depaty Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, (ot proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the 13th Day of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 13th Day of November rtext.

Jovis, 130 die Novembris;

Anno i° Georgii IIP'* Regis, 1760.

THE House being met, according to the last

Prorogation; further

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Praroiu^ Quai'me, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the Ploufe, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until TueJ' day the 18th Day of this Irritant November: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 18th Day of this Instant November.

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE ft.

WHEREAS, at the Time of the Demise of our late Royal Grand father, of glorious Memory, this ptefent Parliament flood prorogued to Thursday the Thirteenth Day of this Instant November: And whereas, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of our late Royal Predecessor Queen Anne, of blessed Memory, intituled,<c An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line/ it is required that the said Parliament should, immediately after such Demise, meet, convene, and fit, and should aft, notwithstanding such Demise, for and during the Term of Six Months, and no longer,unless the same should be sooner prorogued or dissolved, as in the said Act is provided: And whereas, We, with the Advice of our Privy Council, did order, That our said Parliament should be prorogued to Thursday the said Thirteenth Day of this Instant November; and the same hath been prorogued accordingly: Now We do hereby, with the Advice of our Privy Council, declare our Royal Will and Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall be further

prorogued on the said Thirteenth Day of this Instant November, to Tuesday the Eighteenth Day of this Instant November; and We have given Order to our Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, to prepare a Commission for proroguing the same accordingly; and We do hereby further declare our Royal Will and Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on the said Eighteenth Day of this Instant November, be held and fit for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners of Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster, on Tuesday the said Eighteenth Day of this Inllant November.

Given at our Court at St. James’s, the Sixth Day of November, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, in the First Year of our Reign.

GOD save the King

i Geo. Ill

18* — *9° — 20° Novembris

935

Mcflape to attend the King.

Meiabers lake Oaths.

Members lake Oathe.

Members take Oaths.

Outlawry

Bill

The King*s Speech reported.

Martis, 18° die Novembris;

Anno i° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1760.

M ESS AG E from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Henry Bdlenden, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Several other Members took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 190 die Novembris;

Anno i° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1760. Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 200 die Novembris;

Anno i* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1760. Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

Andfeveral Members, returned upon new Writs,took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the First time.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr Speaker reported, That the House attended his Majesty on Tutfday fall, in the House of Peers; when his Majesty was pleased to make a moil gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

VOL. 28.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The just Concern which I have felt in my on Breach, on the sudden Death of the late King my Royal Grandfather, makes me not doubt but you mutt all have bee* deeply affected with so severe a Loss: The prefest critical and difficult Conjuncture has made tins L©4* the more fenfibie, as he was the great Support of tha* System, by which alone the Liberties of Eirrcpr, and the Weight and Influence of these Kingdoms, can be preserved; and gave Life to the Measures conducive to those important Ends.

1 need not tell you the Addition of Weight which immediately falls upon me, in being called to the Government of this free and powerful Country, at such a Time, and under such Circumstances: My Consolation is in the Uprightnefsof my own Intentions, your faithful and united Assistance, and the Bletting of Heaven upon our joint Endeavours, which I devoutly implore.

Bom and educated in this Country, I glory in the Name of Briton; and the peculiar Happiness of my Life will ever consist in promoting the Welfare of a People, whose Loyalty and warm Affection to me, I consider as the greatest and most permanent Security of myThrone; and, I doubt not, but their Steadiness in those Principles; will equal the Firmnefsofmy invariableRefolution, to adhere tOj and strengthen, this excellent Constitution in Church and State, and to maintain the Toleration inviolable. The civil and religious Rights of my loving Subjects are equally dear to me with the most valuable Prerogatives of my Crown; and, as the surest Foundation-of the Whole, and the best Means to draw down the Divine Favour on my Reign, it is my fixed Purpose to countenance and encourage the Practice of true Religion and Virtue.

I refled with Pleasure on the Successes with which the British Arms have been prospered this last Summer: The total Reduction of the vast Province of Canada, with the City of Montreal, is of the most interetling Consequence, and mutt be as heavy a Blow to my Enemies as it is a Conquest glorious to us; the mor£ glorious, because effected almost without Effusion of Blood, and with that Humanity which makes an amiable Part of the Character of this Nation.

Our Advantages gained in the East Indies have been signal, and mutt greatly diminish the Strength and Trade of France in those Parts, as well as procure the most solid Benefits to the Commerce and Wealth of my Subjects.

In Germany, where the whole French Force has been employed, the combined Army, under the wife and able Conduct of my General, Prince Ferdinand of Brunjivick, has not only flopped their Progress, but has gained Advantages over them, notwithstanding their boasted Superiority, and their not having hitherto come to a general Engagement.

My good Brother, and Ally, the King of Prnjia, although surrounded with numerous Armies of Enemies, has, with a Magnanimity and Perseverance ahnoft beyond Example, not only withstood their various Attacks, but has obtained very considerable Victories over them.

Of t hefe Events I shall say no more at this time, because the Nature of the War in those Parts has kept the Campaign there still depending.

As my Navy is the principal Article of our natural Strength, it gives me much Satisfaction to receive it in such good Condition; whilst the Fleet of France is weakened to such a degree, that the small Remains of it have continued blocked up by my Ships in their own. Ports, at the same time the French Trade is reduced to the lowed Ebb; and, vviih Joy of Heart, I fee the Commerce of my Kingdoms, that great Source of our Riches, and fixed Object of my never failing Cure and Protection, flourishing to an Extent unknown in any former War.

The

Addrefii on the lung's Speech.

20° Novembris. 1760,

The Valourand Intrepidity of my Officers and Forces, both at Sea and Land, have been distinguished so much to the Glory of this Nation, that I should be wanting in Justice to them, if I did not acknowledge it: This is a Merit which I shall constantly encourage and reward; and I take this Occasion to declare, that the zealous and useful Service of the Militia in the present arduous Conjuncture is very acceptable to me.

In this State I have found Things at my Accession to the Throne of my Ancestors; happy in viewing the prof-perous Part of it; happier dill should I have been, had I found my Kingdoms, whose true Interest I have intirely at Heart, in full Peace; but, fmee the Ambition, injurious Encroachments, and Dangerous Designs, of my Enemies, rendered the War both just and necessary; and the generous Overture made lall Winter towards a Congressfor a Pacification,has not yet produced a suitable Return; I am determined, with your chearful and powerful Assistance, to prosecute this War with Vigour, in order to that desirable Object, a safe and honourable Peace: For this Purpose, it is absolutely incumbent upon us to be early prepared; and I rely upon your Zeal and hearty Concurrence, to support the King of Prussia’, and the rest of my Allies, and to make ample Provision for carrying on the War, as the only Means to bring our Enemies to equitable Terms of Accommodation.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The greatest Uneasiness which I feel at this time is, in-considering the uncommon Burthens necessarily brought upon my faithful Subjects: I desire only such Supplies as shall be requisite to prosecute the War with Advantage; be adequate to the necessary Services; and that they may be provided for in the moll sure and effectual Manner. You may depend upon the faithful and punctual Application of what shall be granted: I have ordered the proper Estimates for the eh suing Year to be laid before you, and also an Account of the extraordinary Expences, which, from the Nature of the different and remote Operations, have been unavoidably incurred.

It is with peculiar ReluCiance that I am obliged, at such a Time, to mention any thing which personally regards myself; but, as the Grant of the greatest Part of the Civil List Revenues is now determined, I trust in your Duty and Affection to me, to make the proper Provision for supporting my civil Government with Honour and Dignity: On my Part, you may be assured of a regular and becoming Economy.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Eyes of all Europe are upon you; from your Resolutions the Protestant Interest hopes for Protection, as well as all our Friends for the Preservation of their Independency; and our Enemies fear the final Disappointment of their ambitious and destrudive Views: Let these Hopes and Fears be confirmed and augmented by the Vigour, Unanimity, and Dispatch, of your Proceedings.

In this Expectation I am the more encouraged by a pleasing Circuinllance, which I look upon as one of the most auspicious Omens of my Reign; that happy Extinction of Divisions, and that Union and good Harmony which continue to prevail amongst my Subjects, afford me the most agreeable Prospect; the natural Disposition and Wifliof my Heart are, to cement and promote them; and 1 promise myself, that nothing w ill aril’e, on your Part, to interrupt or dtfturb a Situation so essential to the true and lading Felicity of this great People.

Refulved, Xemine contra dicenteyli\\a!t an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to express the deep-. eft Sense of the great and severe Loss which his Majesty and these Kingdoms havesustained by the Death of his Majesty’s Royal Grandfather, our late most excellent Sovereign, the Memory of whose just and prof-perous Reign will be held in Reverence by latest Posterity:

To congratulate his Majesty upon his happy Accef-18

fion to the Throne, the only Consideration that could alleviate our Grieffor such a Loss: That the Knowlege of his Majesty’s Royal Virtues, Wisdom, and Firmness, opens to his faithful Subjects the fairest Prospect for their future Happitiefs at home, and for the Contidu* . ance of that Weight and Influence of his Majesty’s Crown abroad, so eflentiaffy necessary, in this arduous and critical Conjuncture, for the Preservation of that System upon which the Liberties of Europe depend.

To return his Majesty the most humble Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; and to acknowledge, with the liveliest Sentiments of Duty, Gratitude, and Exultation of Mind,those most affecting and animating Words of our most gracious Sovereign, That born and educated in this Country, he glories in the Name of Briton; and to offer to his Majesty the full Tribute of our Hearts, for the warm Expressions of his truly Royal and tender Affection towards his People: That wTe venerate and confide in those sacred Assurances of his Majesty’s firm and invariable Resolution to adhere to and strengthen this excellent Constitution in Church and State, to maintain the Toleration inviolate, and to protect his faithful Subjects in the greatest of human Blessings, the secure Enjoyment of their religious and civil Rights:

To congratulate his Majesty on the various Successes, which, under the Protection of God, have attended the Brilijli Arms during the lall Summer, particularly in the Reduction of the City of Montreal, and the intire Province of Canada; a Conquest equally important and glorious, achieved w?ith Intrepidity, and closed with Humanity, the genuine Attributes of that British Spirit, which, under the benign Aulpices of his Majesty, will, we trust, continue, by the Divine Assistance, to give additional Lustre to the Arms of Great Britain: That this valuable and extensive Acquisition, joined to the signal Advantages gained in the East Indies, the flourishing State of our Commerce, the respectable Condition of his Majesty’s Navy, by which the Remains of the Enemy’s Fleet continue blocked up in their Harbours, whilst their Trade is almost annihilated, areCon-fiderations which fill our Hearts with the most pleasing Hopes that his Majesty will be thereby enabled to prosecute this just and necessary War to that great and desirable Object of establishing, in Conjunction with his Allies, a safe, honourable, and lading Peace:

That we fee with the greatest Pleasure, that the Progress of the French Armies in Germany, notwithstanding their Superiority of Numbers, has been Hopped, and, to the Honour of his Majesty’s Arms, their Attempts hitherto baffled, by the wife and able Conduct of his Serene Highness Prince Ferdinand of 1Brunswick: That when we consider the stupendous Efforts made in every Campaign, by his Majesty’s great Ally the King of Prussia, the Defeat of the Avjtrians in Silejia, and that recent and glorious Victory obtained over the Army commanded by Marshal Daun> we cannot sufficiently admire the invincible Constancy of Mind, and inexhaustible Refonrces of Genius, displayed by that magnanimous Monarch, to whom the most dangerous and difficult Situations have only administered frelli Occasions for Glory:

To make our most dutiful Acknowlegements to his Majesty for the Mention which he has so graciously made of the distinguished Valour and Intrepidity of his Officers and Forces at Sea and Land, and for the Declaration of his Majesty’s constant Resolution to encourage and reward such Merit; and to return our most humble Thanks to his Majesty for his favourable Acceptance of the zealous and useful Service of the Militia, in the present arduouslConjun&ure:

To allure his Majesty, that* his faithful Commons, thoroughly sensible of this important Crisis, and desirous, with the Divine Assistance, t o render his Majesty’s Keigu successful and glorious in War, happy and honourablein Peace (the natural Return of a grateful People to a gracious and affectionate Sovereign) will concur in such Measures as shall be requisite for the vigorous and effectual Polecution of the War , and that they will chear-

fully

Durham

Writ.

Grand

Con.niiUees.

i Geo. III. 20° NQfymhfiijSr 937

fully and speedily grant such Supplies as &atl be found necessary for that Purpose, and for the Support of the King of Prussia, and the rest of his Majesty’s Allies, firmly relying on his Majesty’s Wisdom, Goodness, and Juliice, that they will be applied in such a Manner as will rnoft effectually answer the Euds for which they are granted, and with theutmost Economy that the Nature of such great and extensive Operations will allow; and that we will make such an adequate Provision for his Majesty’s civil Government, as may be sufficient to maintain the Honour and Dignity of his Crown, with all proper and becoming Lustre.

That his Majesty’s faithful Commons approach his royat Person, with Hearts penetrated by the warmest and livelieilSenfeof his unboundedTenderness and Concern for the Welfare of his People, and rejoicing at the high Satisfaction his Majesty takes in the Union which so umverfally prevails throughout his Kingdoms: That a deep Sense of that national Strength and Prosperity, vilibly derived from this salut ary Source, and, above all, his Majesty’s Approbation of that happy Unio i, and the natural Disposition and Wish of his royal Heart to cement and promote it, are the ftroogeft Incentives to Concord, and the surest Pledge of its puration: That the fixed ReColation, which his Majesty has declared, to countenance and encourage the P a&ice of tru£ Religion and Virtue, will, we doubt not, prove the belt Means of drawing down the Favour of God upon a dutiful and united Nation; and that weshall never cease devoutly to offer up oiu ardent Vows to the Divine Providence, that, as a Renompence for these royal Virtues, his Majesty may reign in the Hearts of a free and happy People; and that they, excited by his Majesty's benevolent Care to discharge his royal Fun&ion, and animated by Gratitude for die Enjoyment of so many Blessings, may make thedueReturn, by aconstant Obedience to his Laws, and by the most steady Attachment and Loyalty to his Person and Government.

Ordered, that a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Royston, Sir Pickard Grosvenor, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Secretary Pitt, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Grenville, Mr. James Grenville, Sir Thomas Robinfon, Mr. Nugent, Col. Townshend, Mr. Solicitor General, Doctor Hay, Mr.- Alderman Beck ford, Lord North, Mr. John Pitt, M r. Ofw aid, Mr. Samuel Marlin, Lord Egmont, Mr. Affleck, Lord Thorn on d, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hen. Grenville, Lord Fitxmaurice, Mr. Pelham, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Fuller, Lord Digby, Mr. Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Ward, Mr. West, Sir William Irby, Mr. Cartzoright, Sir Henry Erjlcine, Sir John Hinde Cotton, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Spe cker4s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be leferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr, Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shirie to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Durham, in the room of George Bowes Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do lit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursdaym the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Vol. 28.

Ordered, That a Conamittee of iPrivileges and Elecb tions be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Harvey/, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Ridley; Sir John Cuji, Mr. Boone, Mr. Earle, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Gore, Mr. Town fh end, Do cl or Hay, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. More, JVIr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Budgen, Sir James Colebrooke, Mr. Bailer, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Baynlufi, Lord Hany Powlett, Mr. Batikes, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr, Affleck, Mr. Cadogan, Mi. John Yorke, Mr. Willey, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Vansittart, MBurrell, Mr.. Ojbaldefton, Mr. Fellowes, Lord John Murray, Mr. Sargent, Sir William Codring toil, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Sir John Turner, Mr. Honeywood, Mr. Lullrel, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Pryce Campbell, Mr. Tucker, General Cornwallis, Mr. Aijlabie, Sir Nicholas Bailey, Mr. Am-colts, Mr Calthorpe, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Rebozo, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Samuel Marlin, MwLafcelles, Mr. Moore, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Archer, Lord VUliers, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Keck, Mr. Ward, Mr. Hu fey. Do 61 or Simpson, Mr. Rice, Lord Milton, Mr. Shelley, Sir William Baker, Mr. Trift, Sir Bobert Hildycrd, Mr. Tuck field, Sir Geo. Sapile, Mr. Smith, Mr. Waller, Mr. Pole, Mr. Walpole, MiyMar-\tin, Mr. Vyner junior, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Webb’, Mr. Mor rice, Lord Middleton, Mr. Mabbot, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Manners, Mr. Lyjter, Mr. Jarrit Smithy Mr. Lewis, Mr. Secretary Pitt, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Ojivald, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Which-cot, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fane, General Con-way, Mr. Finch, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Wilbr ah am, Mr. Mackxoorth, Admiral Pocock, Mr. Palmer, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Slanhope, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fisher, Admiral Osborne, Mr. Holt, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Howard, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Geo. Pitt, Mr. Fletcher, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Fox, Lord Pullcney, Mr. Hairger, Mr. West, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Frederick, Sir John Rushout, Mr. IIarbor d, M\\ Churchill, Mr. Hume, Mr. Cooke, MuHewett, Sir James Creed, Mr. James Grenville, S\r William Peere Willia?ns, Mr. Henry Finch, Sir Geo. Yonge, Mr. Forrest er, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Hayward, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Harris, Mr. Legh, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Maxwell, Mr. Gzvynne, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Grey, Mr. Popham, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pryce, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Tempejl, Lord Egmont, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Edward. Finch, Mr. Powell, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Lane, Mr. Symons, Mr. Lee, Mr. Proufe, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Pye, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Pelham, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Dimmer, Mr. Myddcl-ion, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Charles Fredenck, Mr. Brand, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Freeman, Lord Digby% Mr. Brudenell, Sir Geo. Dalfton, Mr. Burrard, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Bond, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Thomas Morganyimor, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Murray, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Mofiffn, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bouverie, Sir Henry Memfo, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Henry Finch, Sir William Beauchamp Prodtor, Mr. Hemy Fane, Admiral Pocock, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Offley, Mr. Barrow, Sir John Crcffe, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Briftozve, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Butler, Mr. Colebroke, Mr. Bullock, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Batch, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Belchier, Sir John Morgan, Mr. John Calvert, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. BuU, Sir John Wynne, Mr. John Delaval, General Bofcawcn, Mr. Olmius, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Chetuynd, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Cocks, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull, Mr. Coventry, Sir Robert Bur-del t, Mr. Campbell, Sir Piercy Bret I, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Sir Richard Warzvick Bampfylde, Mr. Lambton, Lord Barrington, Mr. William Richard Chelzvynd, Lord Harry Beauclerk, Mr. flay ton, Colonel John Camp-belly Mr. Dugal Campbell, Lord Carpenter, Mr.

ii F Cartwright,

Committee bf Privileges.

938

io6 Novembris.

A. 17661

Cartwright, Sir William Owen, Sir Cecil Bishop: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, irt the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Election^, and Privileges: and to proceed upon double Returns in the first place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons who will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return ftiall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate: And all Members, returned upon double Returns, are to withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Bcfolved, That in all Cases of controverted EIe6tions for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenientTime, to beappointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lifts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members, giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sifting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Address The Lord Rouston reported from the Committee, this n the King’s Day appointed to draw up an Address to be presented Speech* to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the feme"in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz*

Controverted

Elections.

df our Hearts for the warm Expressions of your truly royal and tender Affection towards your People. We venerate and confide in those sacred Assurances of your Majesty’s firm and invariable Resolution, to adhere to and ltrengthen this excellent Constitution, in Church and State, to maintain the Toleration inviolate, and to protest your faithful Subjects in that greatest of hitman Bleffmgs, the secure Enjoyment of their religious and Civil Rights.

Permit us to congratulate yotir Majesty on the various Succoffes which, under the Protection of God, have attended the British Arms, during the last Summer particularly in the Reduction of the Gity of Montreal, and the intire Province of Canada, a Conquest equally important and glorious, atchieved with Intrepidity, and closed with Humanity, the Genuine Attributes of that British Spirit, which, under the benign Auspices of your Majesty, will, we trust, continue, by the Divine Assistance, to give additional Lustre to the Arms of Great Britain.

This valuable and extensive Acquisition, joined to the signal Advantages gained in the East Iridic:; the flourishing State of our Commerce; the respectable Condition of your Majesty’s Navy, by which the Remains of the Enemy’s Fleet continue blocked up in their Harbours, whiill their Trade is almost annihilated; are Considerations which fill our Hearts with the mofi pleasing hopes, that your Majesty will be thereby enabled to prosecute this just and necessary War, to that great and desirable Object of establishing, in Conjunction with your Allies, a sese, honourable, and lulling Peace.

We fee, with the greatest Pleasure, that the Progref* of the French Armies in Germany, notwithstanding their Superiority of Numbers, has been flopped, and, to the Honour of your Majesty’s Arms^ their Attempts hitherto baffled by the wife and able Conduct of his Serene Highness Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick.

When we eonfider the stupendous Efforts, made in every Campaign, by your Majesty’s great Ally, the King of Prnffia, the Defeat of the Aujlrians in Silefa, and that recent and glorious Victory obtained over the Army commanded by Marshal Daun, we cannot sufficiently admire the invincible Constancy of Mind and inexhaustible Resources of Genius, difpiayed by that magnanimous Monarch, to whom the most dangerous and difficult Situations have only administered fresh Occasions for Glory.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled. Approach your royal Presence to express the deepest Senie of the great and severe Loss which your Majesty and these Kingdoms have sustained, by the Death of your Majesty’s loyal Grandfather, our late most excellent Sovereign, the Memory of whose just and prof-perous Reign will be held in Reverence by latest rofterity.

We beg Leave to congratulate your Majesty on your happy Accession to the Throne, the only Consideration that cau alleviate our Grief for such a Loss; the Know-lege of your Majesty’s royal Virtues, Wisdom, and Firmness, opens to your faithful Subjects the faired ProfpetH for their future Happiuefs at home, and for the Continuance of that Weight and Influence of your Majesty's Crown abroad, so essentially necessary in this arduous and critical Conjuncture, for the Preservation of that System, upon which the Liberties of Europe depend.

We return your Majesty our humble Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne, and acknowlegde, with the livelielt Sentiments of Duty, Gratitude, and Exultation of Mind, those most affecting and animating Words of our most gracious Sovereign, That, born and educated in this Country, he glories in the Name of JBritvn; and we offer to your Majesty the full Tribute

Our most dutiful Acknowledgements are due to your Majesty, for the Mention which you have so graciously made of the distinguished V alonr and Intrepidity of your Officers and Forces at Sea and Land, and for the Declaration of your Majesty’sconftantRefolution toencourage and reward such Merit; and we return our most bumble Thanks to your Majesty for your favourable Acceptance of the zealous and useful Service of the Militia in the present arduous Conjuncture.

We assure your Majesty, that your faithful Commons, thoroughly sensible of this important Crisis, and delirous, with the Divine Assistance, to render your Majesty* Reign successfu land glorious in War, happy and honourable in Peace (the natural Return of a grateful People to a gracious and affectionate Sovereign) will concur in inch Measures as shall be requisite for the vigorous and effectual Prosecution of the War *, and that we will chearfully and speedily grant such Supplies as shall be found necessary, for that, Purpose, and for the Support of the King of Prussia, and the rest of your Majestys Allies; firmly relying on your Majesty’s Wisdom, Goodness, and Justice, that they will be applied in such a Manner as will most effectually answer the Ends for which they an* granted, and with the utmost Economy that the Nature of such great and extensive Operations will allow; and that we will make such an adequate Provision for your Majesty’s civil Government, us may be sufficient to maintain the Honour and Dignity of your Crown with all proper *nd becoming Lustre.

Yrur

i Geo. lit it>° — ii°

Your Majesty’s faithful Commons approach you royal Person, with Hearts penetrated by the warmest and livclieft Sense of your unbounded Tenderness and Concern for the Welfare of your People, and rejoicing at the high Satisfaction yotir Majesty takes in the Union which so univerially prevails throughout your Kingdoms a deep Sense of that national Strength and Prof-perity visibly derived from this salutary Source, and, above all, your Majesty’s Approbation of that happy Union, and the natural Disposition and With of your royal Heart to cement and promote it, are the strongest Incentives to Concord, and the surest Pledge of its Duration; the fixed Refutation which yoUr Majesty has declared, to countenance and encourage the Practice of true Religion and Virtue, will, we doubt not, prove the bell Means of drawing down the Favour of God upon a dutiful and united Nation; and we iliali never cease devoutly to offer up our ardent Vows to the Divine Providence, that, as a Recompehce for these royal Virtues, your Majesty may reign in the Hearts of a free and happy People; and that they, excited by your Majesty’s benevolent Care to discharge your royal Function, and animated by Gratitude for the Enjoyment of so many Blefiings, may make the due Return by a constant Obedience to your Laws, and by the most heady Attachment and Loyalty to yourPerson and Government.

The said Address being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nomine* Contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be preferred to his Majesty.

Received, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That inch Members of this House as are of his Majesty *s moil honourable Privy Council do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech fc to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 21° die Novembris;

Anno i° Georgii IIIui Regis, 1760. Prayers.

Tirre ap- HTMI L Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That poimed for X his Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant Addr*° the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know' his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he would be pleased to be attended b\ this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of Saint James.

The Order of the Day being read;

The Kine*» The House proceeded to take into Consideration his Sprcch Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of contidcred. parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

tyfualOrders. Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right

to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Noxenibris.

tious, the House will order Satisfaction to te made to the Person petitioned against.

Refolded, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respe&of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the Utmost Severity against Rich Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath £iven false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of auy County, toconcern themselves in the EJe&ions of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the SerjeaTlt at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custodyany Stranger or Strangers that he shall fee, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, w'hile ihe House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk to be locked up by him and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables and other Officers of Middlesex and Westminster do take Care, that from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon during the Session of Parliament,the Passages thro’ the Streets between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall, be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care that there he no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Staire leading thereto.

Resolved, That, where the House shall judge any Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexa- House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Vex. 28. Disorder*,

94° 21 ° — 2 2° — 2 4° Novembris. A. 17 6b.

Usual Order*. Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the Intercepting or Losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or forne other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the lead immediately after the Rising of the House; and also on every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters asshall remain undelivered; and that no Letters be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be Cent to the Postmaster General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet directed to this House shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House at their next Sitting with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, b§ declared to be null and void.

The unanimous Assurances, that you will make effectual and speedy Provision for the vigorous Prosecution of the War, and for the Support of my Allies, yield me the trued Satisfaction, and will, I trust, prove the happy Means of reducing the Enemy to the Terms of a just and honourable Peace: With such Zeal and Harmony among my People, I have only to implore the Continuance of the Divine Blessings on their generous Efforts, and on my ardent Endeavours for the permanent Felicity of my loving Subjects.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- Addrefcof dress be presented to his Majesty, to return the moil Thank* for humble Thanks of this House to his Majesty for hismost gracious Answer to their Address.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Mod honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills after the 20th Day of December next. Bilk

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s moil gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof: And that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to priut the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati> 22° die Novembris;

Anno i# Georgii IIItU Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

A Member ANOTHER Member took the Oaths, and made takes Oaths. and subscribed the Declaration, and took and

subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

The King’s Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House Answer attended his Majesty Yesterday with their Addrefsto to Address. which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you my cordial Thanks for this most dutiful and afteftionate Address, and for your warm Expref-lions of Fidelity to my Person, and Attention to the Honour and Dignity of my Crown.

Lu?ice, 2 40 die Novembris;

Anno i° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

E V E R A L other Members took the Oaths, and Mmbri made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and tak: 0:J> subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, Wejmih whoso Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and &c usually travelling, the Highways in the County of Dorset following; viz. from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of a Hill called Revell's Hill, in the Parish of Buckland Nexvton, through the several Parishes of Buckland Newton, Minton, Cerne Abbas, Nether Cernc, Puddle Trenthide, Charminster, Part of the Parish of For thing-ton, the High Street in the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the Borough of Dorchester, the South Street in the Parish of Saint Peter, in the said Borough of Dorchester, other Part of the Parish of Forthington, Winterborne,

Monk ton, Bincombe, Upzvay, Broadzcay, Radi poll, and Melcornbe Regis, in the Borough and Town 0 [Weymouth and Melcornbe Regis, through the several Streets called Saint Thomas, Saint Mary, and Maiden Streets, to the Wharfs in the said Parish of MelcorrdreRegis; and alsofrom

the

Frefcnting Address of Thanks jepoited.

s»ppfy.

i Geo. III. 24* — 25°

the said P.irish of Mclcombe Regisirp Jordan Hill, through the several Parishes of Preston and Sutton Pointz and Ofnington, to the Church in the said Parish of Ofmington; and alfd from the said Hill called Jordan Hill, through the said Parish of Preston and Sutton Pointz,to the South Entrance of a Down called Sutton Dozen; and also from the said Parish of Broadzcay, through a Lane called Slot-tingzoay Lane, through the several Parishes and Tythings of Stott ingzoay, Up way, Ashlon, Winterborne Saint Martin, and Winterborne Sleepleton, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Winterborne Abbas; and also from the South End of Weymouth Bridge, in the Parish of Wey-inoulh, within the said Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombellegis, through the several Parishes of Weymouth, Wyke Regis, and Chickerell, to the Foot of a Hill called Crook Hill; and also from the North End of a Lane called Leach Lane or Buckler's Lane, in the said Parish of Weymouth, through the said Lane, and the said Parishes of Weymouth and Wyke Regis, to the Sands Foot, in the Highway to the Island of Portland, in the said County of Dorset; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Roads are in a very bad Condition, and, in many Places, narrow, rocky, and very dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually widened and repaired without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tucker, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Gore, M r. Medlycott, General Whitmore, Mr. Fane, Sir CharlesKcmys Tynle, Mv.Fisher, Sir Geo. Dalston, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hammond, General Cornwallis, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Jones, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Crejlcell, Mr. Fitzzoilliam, Mr. Wilkinson, General A'Court, Mr. Bond, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. More, Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Cart-zeright, Mr. Forrester, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Felloiccs, Mr. Hexvett, Mr Smith, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Belchier; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Somer-Jet, Devon, Cor me alt, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That their Address of Saturday last, returning the most humble Thanks of this House to his Majesty for his most gracious Answer to their Address, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Friday last. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply' be granted to his Majesty.

The said Kefolution, being read a Second time; Resolved, Nemine confradiccnte, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said resolution. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, toooonfider of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

VOL.28.

1

5?4t

Ordered, That an Estimate* of the Ordinary of the Usual Navy, for the Year 1761, with the Half-pay Officers of Estimates the Navy, be laid before this House. ordered.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1761, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Gtiards,

Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1761, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of his Majesty’s Land Fbrces and Marines, who are to be on Half-pay, for the Year 1761, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1761.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House. r

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1760 have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective half Years, ending at the 5tht)ay of April 1760, and the 10th Day of October 1760, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess . or Surplus of the Tund commonly called the General'

Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Address for Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House c*

the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 50 die Novembris;

Anno i° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1760.

Praykrs.

A PETITION of the Justices of the Peace, Gentle- Grampoufl men. Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabi- Roac’; tants of, and inhabiting within and near,the Towns and Boroughs of Lofiwithiel, Truro, Fowey, Grampond, Tre-goney, and Saint Mazos, and the Market Town of Saint Anjlell, in the County of Cornwall, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented the House, and read; setting forth. That the High Road leading from the Eastern End of the said Borough of Grampond, through the said Market Town of Saint Anjlell, and the said Borough of Lofiwithiel, and from thence to the Wefiern Taphouse, and from thence to the Eastern End of the said Taphouse Lane, adjoining to the Common, is very ruinous, and dangerous to Passengers, and, for the most Part, so very narrow, that Wheel Carriages cannot pass along the fame, without the greatest Difficulty; and alleging, that the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. BuUer,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fairfax,

xi G Mr.

Falmouth

Road.

942 a50 Novembris. A. 1760.

Mr.Covenhy, Mr. Smifh, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Admiral Pocock, Mr. Ridley,

Mr.Geo.Onjlozv, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Francis Poole. Mr.

B idler, Mr. Clevlami, Mr. Plum fit re, Mr. Witkin-fan, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Nor they. S\r John Gordon, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Cujt, Mr. Tucker, Si* Charles Mordaunt, Mr. P/7/, Sir Thomas Robinson,

Mr. Bankes, Sir Willoughby Afion. Mr. Fo/cy, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Rigby, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. 7r//?, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sewell, Admiral OJborn, Mr. Nugent, Sir Geo. Yonge, Mr. Hunt, Colonel Grijfin, Mr. Thomas Fane, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Evelyn, Sir John Wynne, Sir Wyndham Knalchbull; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, assembled April the 15th 1760, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the County of Cornwall, and also the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, residing in or near the Boroughs of Penryn and IJelstone, in the said County, and the several Market Towns of Falmouth, Marazion, and Penzance, in the said County, was presented to the lIoufe, and read; setting forth, That the Great Pod Road leading from Falmouth aforesaid to a Place called the Land's End, in the Parish of Sennen, in the said County, and passing through the several Towns and Par ilhes of Penryn aforesaid, Male, Haddock, Con-Jlenton, Weldron, Helstone aforesaid, Sithney, Briage, Ger-moe, St. Hillary, Perranuthnoe, Marazion aforesaid, Ludg-van, Gulvall, Penzance aforesaid, Maddern, Sauer etc, Pauli, Burry an, and Sennen aforesaid; and also the Road leading from Heljtonc aforesaid to the Lizard Point, in the Parish of Landazvednack, and passing by and t hrough the several Parishes and Places following; viz. Killy Anchor, Bochim, Drytru, and Erifey Gate, in the Parishes o{Mawgan, Ruan Major, and Minor, and Grade; and also from Helfiom aforesaid, through Rofveor, in Mawgan aforesaid, and through Rclewas, and in and through the Parishes of Saint Martins and Manackan, to St. Kcvern Church Tozvn, in the Parish of St. Kevern, in the said County of Cornwall; are become very ruinous; and that many Parts thereof are so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass each other, and, in the Winter and rainy Seasons, are so deep and founderous, that Carriages, Horses laden, and even Travellers, pass in great Danger; and alleging, that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant that Leave may be given for bringing in a Bill or Bills for the erecting asufficient Number of Turnpikes and Toll-houses on the said Roads, and for levying a Toll or Tolls upon the fame; and that, with the Money arising (therefrom, the said Roads may be repaired and widfehed, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Geo. Onjlozo, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Bankes, Sir Geo. Yonge, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Egerton, Mr. John Butler, Sir Fra?icis Poole, Mr Coventry, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ryder, Sir John Gordon, Mr. BuHcr, Admiral Pocock, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Lotcndes, Mr. Hunter, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Charles Mordauni, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Wyndham Knatchbnll, Mr. John Pitt, Lord Barrington, Mr. Smith, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Sewell, Mr. Freeman, Mr Nugent., Mr. Fairfax; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Soincrfet, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, That some of the Com- Accowc0c missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; GoLu^-

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

N\ t. An Account of prohibited East India Goods brought into the East India Warehoafes, in St. Helens, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1759, also what have been exported from that time, and what remained at Michaelmas 1760; and also,

Na. 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods brought into the East India Warehoafes in Leadenhall and Billeter Lane, in the Port of London, fmee Michaelmas 1759, also what have been exported from that time, and what remained at Michaelmas 1760; and also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in his Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London at Michaelmas 1759, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1760; and also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Ware-houses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1759, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1760-, and also,

N°. 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at<S/.

Helens, Leadenhall, Billeter Lane, and Custom-house, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1759, in order to be dyed, glazed, &c.'what have been returned, and what remained at Michaelmas 1760; and also,

N*. 6. A11 Account of Naval Stores imported from Raffia into the Pori of London, from Michaelmas 1759 to Michaelmas 1760; also,

N°. 7. An Account of naval Stores ihiported from Raffia into the Ports of England commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1759 to Michaelmas 1760; and also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they weredischarged, and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported, in the Year 1760.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That Anfvtrt» their Address of Yesterday (that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Estimates, &Cl Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had- commanded him to acquaint this House, that lie will give Directions accordingly.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur- km suant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, including those in Germany, for the Year 1761; and also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Gibraltar, and Guadeloupe, for the Year 1761; and also,

Estimate of the Charge of Three Regiments of Foot on the Irish Establishment serving in North America, from 25th December 1760, to 24th December 1761, both inclusive, being 36^ Days; and also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and Staff Offi-cees and Officers of the Hospitals, for the Year 1761.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by

1 xm 'n > i-i d j KAimaie

his Majesty s Command,

Estimate

Geo. III.

2 5° Novembris.

943

Efti mate of the Charge of the embodied Militia of the 1760, to 25th April 1761, both inelufire, being 122 sevenil Counties in South Britain, and of the fencible Days.

Men of Argyleshire, and Lord Sutherland's Battalion of And the Titles of the said Estimates were ead.

Highlanders, in North Britain, from 25th December The said Estimates are as follovyeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, including those

in Germany; for the Year 1761.

Horse

Dragoons \

Light

First Troop of Life Guards Second Ditto -First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second Ditto -

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards Lieutenant General Dcjeaiis Major General Honywood's

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second Ditto -

Third Ditto ----- Lieutenant General Conway's Dragoons Lieutenant General Campbell's -Earl of Albemarle's -Sir Robert Rich's -Lieutenant General Cholmondeley's Lieutenant General Mojiyns Sir John Mordaunt's -vEarl of Ancram's -

Major General Eliott's Light Dragoons Lieutenant Cdlonel Burgoyhes -Dragoons Lord Aberdours -

I Lieutenant Colonel Hale's V Marquis of Granby's -

First Regiment of Foot Guards -Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards -Third Regiment of Foot Guards Major General Howard's Regiment Major General Hodgfons -

Major General Barrington's Major General Whitmore's Lieutenant Generl Bocland's Lieutenant General Napier's Major General Jefferyes's - -

Lord George Beauclerk's -

Major General Kingjley's -

Earl of Panmure's -

Lieutenant General Hujke's Major General Cornwallis's -Earl of Home's -Earl of Loudoun's Regiment Lieutenant General Holmes's Lieutenant General Leighton's -

Major General Griffin's -Lord Frederick Cavendish's Lord Robqrt Manners's -Lieutenant General Stuart's Major General BrudeneWs Lord Charles Manners's Major General Carrs Colonel Gray's -Colonel Cary's -Colonel La FauJfiUe's Sir Henry Erskine's -Colonel Lambton's -Colonel Colvill's Colonel TrapaiuTs -Colonel Petifot's Duke of Richmond's Colonel Bofcaweiis -

Foot

Vol. 28.

Numben. Pay of the Troop* and Regiments for 365 Days.

- 181 - - 17,605 3 4

- 181 - - 17,605 3 4

- 177 " - 10,870 18 4

- 176 " - 10,743 3 4

- 518 - 35.234 13 4

- 347 - - 23,837 10 10

347 - 23,837 10 10

- 7°5 - - 31,657 13 4

- , 516 - - . 23,226 3 4

- ' 516 - - 23,226 3 4

- 516 - - 23,226 3 4

- 5l6 - - *3,326 3 4

- 672 - - 29,002 5 10

- 672 - - 29,002 5 10

- 516 - - 23,126 3 4

- 516 - - 23,226 3 4

- 516 - - 23,226 3 4

- 516 - - 13,226 3 4

£ Y

0,1 77

- 718 - - 29,549 !5 10

- 7*3 - - 28,853 5 —

- 120 - - 5,402

- 7i3 - - 28,853 5 —

498 - - 22,310 12 6

X,

m 3^89 - - 70,083 10

- 2,048 - - 45>253 18 4

- 2,048 - - 45.308 13 4

- 1.034 - - 18,365 11 8

- 1,034 - - 18,365 11 8

- >.034 - - 18,365 11 8

- i»°34 - - 18,365 n 8

- 1.034 - - 18,365 11 8

- 1.034 - - 18,365 11 8

- 1.034 - - 18,365 11 8

- 1.034 - - 18,365 11 8

- 1.034 - - 18,365 11 8

- 1,034 - - 18,365 11 8

- i.<*34 - - 18,365 11 8

- 1.034 - - 18,365 n 8

- 1,034 - - 18,365 n 8

- 1,034 - - 18,365 11 8

- 1.034 - - 18,365 11 8

- 1,034 - - 18,365 11 8

- 1,034 - - 18,365 11 8

- i,034 — - 18,365 11 8

- i,034 - - 18,365 11 8

- 1,034 - - 18,365 11 8

- i>°34 - 18,365 11 8

- 1,034 - - 18,365 11 8

- i,034 - 18,365 11 8

- 1,034 - 18,365 11

- i,034 - 18,365 11

- i,034 - 18,365 11 8

- 1,034 i - - 18,365 11 8

- 1,034 i - - 18,365 u 8

- i,034 i - - 18,365 n 8

- i,49c,) - 26,170 10 —

1,034 i - - 18,365 11 8

1,034 [ - - 18,365 11 8

1,034 i - 18,365 11 8

Total

139*734 3 4

Z75.471 11 8

114,968 18 4

Colonel

944

a Novembrh.

Invalids

176*0*

1,61 1

9*7

9*8

3»76z

1,026

Colonel Craufurd’s -

Lieutenant Colonel Keith's Corps of Highlanders -

Lieutenant Colonel Campbell's Corps of Highlanders -

33 Independent Companies - -

9 Highland Independent Companies.

Major General Parsons's Regiment -Lord Lindores's -Colonel Parker's -23 Independent Companies -

Garrisons, with Fire and Candles Contingencies upon Account -

Total - - -War-Office, 25th November 1760.

X umber*.

' 755

1.017

1.017 1,219

50,097

4 *oo 8

64,971

Pay of the Regiment, &c. for 365 Days.

TOTAL.

28,199 5 IO

16,065 5 —

16,126 18 4

63.637 15

*7'355 J5 —

12,601 12 6

M.741 8 9

14.742 8 9

2I.°37 13 9

37,848 18 6

30,000 — —

915,83915 —

63.122 3 9

67,848 18 6

1.576.98 10 7

Barrington.

i Geo. III.

25° Novembris.

945

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Gibraltar y and Guadeloupe;

for the Year 1761.

Second Battalion of the Royal Regiment of Foot Major General Amherfi's -Colonel Monckton's -

Colonel Whitmore's -

I^ord Blakenei/s -

Colonel Townshend's -

Lieutenant General Ohuay's -

Mta jor General IVa (foil's -

Late Major General Barringtons -

Lord Murray's -

Lieutenant General Warburton's -

Lieutenant General Kennedy's -

Lieutenant General Murray's -

Major General IValJh's -

Colonel Ought on's -

Royal American Regiment -

Colonel Talbot's -

Lieutenant Colonel Montgomery's Highland Battalion

Lieutenant Colonel FraJ'er's Highland Battalion

Colonel Gage's Light Infantry -

Lieutenant Colonel Draper's Battalion -

Lieutenant Colonel Coote's Battalion -

Lieutenant Colonel Worge's Battalion -

Lieutenant Colonel Morris's Battalion -

Lieutenant Colonel Vaughan's Battalion

1 ft Division of Independent Companies -

2d Division of Independent Companies -

4th Division of Independent Companies

Four Companies at New York -

One Company at Bermudas -

One Company at the Island of Providence

Three Companies at South Carolina

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Halifax, Placentia, and St. John's - -

Officers serving with the Forces in North America -Officers of the 1 lospital for the Forces in North America Contingencies upon Account -

NUMBERS.

Pay of the Regiments, &c. for 365 Days.

At GUADELOUPE. Major General Duroure's Regiment Colonel Sir William Boothhys Major General Armiger's -3d Division of Independent Companies -

825

746

715

825

715

715

825

715

825

1,651

825

715

715

833

7*5

3»3oi

828

I>153

1.153

567

993

2,377

1.034

1.035 602 687 687 459 445

58

I5°

345

Officers of the Garrison,

At G I li L TA R. Lieutenant General s Regiment Lord Robert Bertie's Lieutenant General Pulteney's Colonel 7 bovey's -Colonel Pai'Jlow's -Sir David Cunyngham's

i>34

1*034

1*034

459

Officers of the Garrison, Kc.

Officers of the Garrison at Quebec -

Provisions for a Regiment at Nova Scotia and Newfoundland, deducting 4 d. per Diem out of the Sub-lift ence of each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man, towards that Expence.

Remains to he borne by the Government

Provisions for the Two other Regiments at Nova Scotia Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar Provisions for the Regiments at Quebec - -

Provisions for the Regiments at Guadeloupe Provisions for the Garrison at Senegal and Goree Provisions for the Independent Company at Providence

Total

War Office, 25th November 1760.

Vol, 28.

815

815

815

815

815

815.

27*324

15*831

14,669

14.019

16.087

I4*OI9

14*019

16.087

14*019

16.087 31,706

16.087

14*019

14.019 16,762

14*019

64,605

16,187

2L994

21,994

9*943

19,122

24,050

18,237

i8,201

12,260

1 I*77I

ii>ni

7*914 7*141 1,067 2,466 5,867

s. d. 17 6

19 2

— 10

7 6

— 10

— 10

7 6

--- 10

7 6 6 8

7 6

— 10

— 10

12 6

— 10

5 10 5 10 4 2

*9

,1

6

19 2 5 ~ 5 — 8 4 16 8 12 6 15 10

7 6

3>5gl

4,89°

18.365 118

18.365 11 8

18.365 xi 8

7,914 8 - 4

15.235 *4 15,399 *9

15.235 '4 i5>235 *4

15.235 J4

15.235 *4

35,775

3,842 2 11

7,686 5 10

36,000 — —

33,45s 6 8 24,447 !3 1

35,7*7 6 xl*

456 5 —

TOTAL.

£ * d.

516,052 4 2

2,888 17 6

10,005 12 6

4,881 17 6

2,000-----

63,011 3 4

4,9° 3 3 4

10

9*,578

4,205 17

1,630 6

Barrington.

11 H

141,609 — 6

843,756 12 9

estimate

946 - 2 50 Novembris. A. 1760,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Three Regiments of Foot on the /n/ft Effabliflnnonfc, serving in North America, from the 25th December 1760, to the 24th December 1761, both indufive, being 363 Da vs.

TheRrf/j/ft Establishment for Lieutenant’Genera) Lafccllcs's Numbers,

Regiment of Foot, fpom 25 December 1760 to 24th December 1761 16,087 7 6 825

Paid by Ireland Ior the said Regiment, for the same time -Difference - 8,694 7 6 7>393 7,303 —

Lieutenant General Abercrombie'sy the same - - - 825

Major General Webb's, the same ----- - - - 825' 7.393

Total - - *>475 22,179 — -

War Office, 25th November 1760. Barrington.

ESTIM AT E of the Charge of the General and StaffiOfficers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for the Year 1761.

£. s. d.

General and Staff Officers - -- - 58,813 15 10

Officers of the Hospital 14,082 18 4

War Office, 25th November 1760. Barrington.

£ 72>s96 «4 2

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain and of the fencible Men of Argyleshire, and Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders, in North Britain, from 25th December 1760, to 25th April 1761, both inclusive, being 122 Days.

Wiltshire Regiment Dorsetshire -

Devonshire -Well itort - -

Norfolk -Somerjhtjhb'e -Torfc North Riding Surrey -

Warwickshire - 7

Berkshire -

Gloucestershire South Battalion -T<?r£ West Riding -Hertfordshire

Suffolk -Huntingdonshire

Lincolnshire -

Cheshire - -

Carmarthen -Flintshire -Pembrokeshire -Hampshire -Rutland -Westmoreland -York East Riding -Northumberland Brecknock -Durham -Bedfordshire -Monmouth -Cormcall - -

Buckinghamshire -Leicestershire -Denbighshire -Cumberland -Fencible Men of Argyleshire Lord Sutherland's Battalion -

War Office, 25th November 1760,

Total

Barrington

Battalions* Numbers. For 122 Days.

I s96 4,276 2 —

I 765 3>857 4 8

4 1,844 10,256 2 8

1 7°4 3,573 11 8

2 1,108 6,149 16 4

2 958 4,969 9 4

2 854 5,051 16 4

2 896 4,383 17 4

1 723 3,631 10 8

1 638 3,260 9 —

1 571 2,928

3 1,428 8,224 16 8

1 669 3.458 14 —

2 1,144 6,333 16 s

1 376 2,201 1 8

2 1,366 7,019 1 4

2 1,131 6,620 10 8

1 66 7 3.34' 15 8

1 222 1,297 5 4

1 146 9°7 !7 ® 1,173 4 8

z 197

2 1,056 5,509 6 4

1 146 780 16 —

1 297 1,699 17 4 2,374 18 8

1 461

1 643 3,237 1 4

1 196 1,067 10 —

1 476 2,602 13 4 2,404 8 4

1 456

1 292 1,482 6 — 3,723 — 8

1 753

1 642 3,36' 2 "

1 655 3,081 10 4

r 33a 2,050 12 4 1,026 II 0 - J

1 386

1 1,034 6,097 19 4 6,043 i 4

1 1,033

- 26,l60 [ I4°,358 19 4

Ordered,

i Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

station Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to

cont*nne> for % Time to be limited, an Act, made in the 0 rtan 33d of the Reign of King George the Second,

intituled, An Act to continue for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland: And that Mr. Thomas Coventry, Admiral BoJcawen, and Mr. Nugent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ereditiry Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s :venues of Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, c Crown. ever (]efirous of giving the most substantial Proofs of his tender Regard to the Welfare of his People, is pleased to iignify his Consent, that, whenever this House shall enter upon the Consideration of making Provision for the Support of his Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignityofhis Crown, such Disposition may be made of his Majesty’s Interest in the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown, as may bell conduce to the Utility and Satisfaction of the Public.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That what Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer has now acquainted the House with, from his Majesty, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

947

for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Charles Fitzroy Esquire, who ftnce his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Grooms of his Majesty’s Bedchamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Orford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of John Offley Esquire, who, ftnce his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Grooms of his Majesty’s Bedchamber.

Mr. Thomas Coventry presented to the House, accord" Importation ing to Order, a Bill, to continue, for a Time to be of limited, an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of *rom rcan King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

llefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Militia Majesty’s Command, Estimate.

Estimate of the Charge of Clothing for the embodied Militia, for the Year 1761:

And the T itle of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as follweth; viz.

2 50 — 26° N.

Mercurii, 26° die Novembris;

Anno i° Georgii IIltU Regis, 1760. Prayer s.

Orford r\RDERF, D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Writ. vy to t^e Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Clothing for the embodied Militia, for the Year 1761.

£ S’ d.

1,015 Serjeants each at £.5 14 7 5>8i5 2 1

1,007 Corporals 806 Drummers - - each at 2155 2,790 4 7

- each at 3 — 5 - 2,434 i5 10

19,1)76 Private Men - each at 257 - 45.528 12 8

22,804 War-Office, 26th November 1760. Barrington. 56,568 15 2

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

’ivil Lift. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of the clear Produce, in every Year, of the several Branches of the Revenue which was settled for the Support of the Houshold of his late Majesty King the Second, and of the Honour and Dignity

of the Crown, during his said late Majesty’s Life, from Midsummer 1737 to Midsummer last; and of the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament for the fame, and to make good the Deficiencies thereof.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

favyDebt. Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty’s

Navy, as it flood on the 30th of September last, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Vol. 28.

count of the Charge for Transport Service, between the Transport 1 ft of January and 30th September 1760, including the Service. Expence of Victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Estimate his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that there be laid U1 ing’ before this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1761.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the St* Mawe’* Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the nt* electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Mawe's, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the honourable Henry Seymour Conway Esquire, who, ftnce his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office ofone of the Grooms of his Majesty’s Bedchamber.

The

948 2 6° — 2j° Novembris. . M. 17

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Tiie House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

M r. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which tiiey had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sr a ford Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ele6ting of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament lor the Town of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, in the room of James Peachy Esquire, who since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of One of the Grooms of his Majesty’s Bedchamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jfevis, 2 70 die;

of Prefion and Sutfon Points, to the South Entrance of a Down called Sutton Down; and also from the said Parilli of Broadway, through a Lane called Stottingway Lane, through the several Parishes and Tythings of Slotting way, Upway, Ashton, Winlerborne Saint Martin, and Winlerborne Steeple ton, to the Turnpike Road in the Pari Ih of Win ter bo me Abbas; and also from the South End of Weymouth Bridge, in the Parish of Wey* mouth, within the said Borough and Town of Weymouth and Metcombe Regis, through the several Parishes of Weymouth, Wyke Regis, and Chic her ell, to the Foot of a Hill called Crook Hill; and also from the North End of a Lane, called Leach Lane, or Bucklers Lane, in the said Parish of Weymouth, through the said Lane, and the said Parishes of Weymouth and Wyke Regis, to the Sands Foot, in the Highway to the I (land of Portland, in the said County of Dorjel; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Robert Smith and Mr. Henry Holditch, being several I jr examined, said, That the said Roads are in a very bad Condition, and in many Places very narrow and rocky, and dangerous to Travellers: And that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth, Metcombe Regis, and Dorchester in the County of Dorset: And that Mr. Tucker and Mr. Bond do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Anno ia Georgii IIIrii Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

Answer to HP HE Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That Address for JL their Address of Yesterday, (that his Majesty would Account, be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this Houfi) had been prefen ted to his Majesty, and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Answer to The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That Address for their Address of Yesterday, that his Majesty would be Ellimate. graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Estimate therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty bad commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Weymouth ^r* Ttfcfor reported from the Committee, to whom &C Roads/ the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near and usually travelling the Highways, in the County of Dorset, following; viz. from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of a Hill, called RcvcWs Hill, in the Parilli of Buckland Newton, through the several Pari Dies of Buckland Newton, M intern, Cerne Abbas, Nether Cerne, Puddlet rent hide, Qharminster, Part of the Parish of Forthington, the High Street in the Parilli of the Holy Trinity, in the Borough of Dorchester, the South Street in the Parish of Saint Peter, in the said Borough of Dorchester, other Part of the Parilli of Forthington, Winlerborne, Monkton, Bincomb, Upway, Broadway, Radipoll, and Metcombe Regis, in the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Metcombe Regis, through the several Streets called Saint Thomas, Saint Mary, and Maiden Streets, to the Wharfs in the said Parilli of Melcombe Regis; and also from the said Parish of Melcombe: Regis, up Jordan Hill, through the several Parishes of Prefion and SuttonPointz and Ofmington, to the Church in the said Parilli of Ofmington, and also from the said Hill called Jordan llillt through the said Parilli 16

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply; Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred 30 consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the Support of his Majesty’s Houftiold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, there be granted to his Majesty, during his Life, fitch a Revenue, as, together with the Annuities payable by virtue of any Acts of Parliament, made in the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, of blessed Memory, out of the Hereditary Civil List Revenues, shall amount to the clear yearly Sum of Eight hundred Thousand Pounds, to commence from the Demise of his said late Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Revenue, for the Support of his Majesty’s Houiliold, and of the Honour arid Dignity of the Crown, be charged upon, and made payable out of, the Aggregate Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several Revenues which were payable to his said late Majesty, during his Life, and had Continuance till the Time of his Demise, other than such Payments as were charged upon and bluing out of the Aggregate Fund, be granted and continued from the Time of the said Demise, to his present Majesty, during his Life; and the Produce of the said Revenues, together with the Produce of the Hereditary Revenues, which were settled or appointed to be, towards the Support of the Houftiold of his said late Majesty, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, be, during the said Term, carried to, and made Part of, the Aggregate Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Seventy thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty one, including Eighteen thousand Three hundred and Fifty-five Marines.

Rejoiced\

i Geo. III. 27° Novetnbris.

949

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Seventy thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The Three first Resolutions of the ^Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine contradicente.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions, agreed to by the House; And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. James Grenville, the Lord North, Mr. OJivald, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. West, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time* were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, ToMnorrow Morning, Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and ^e"ns' consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their toima'ic.6 Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1761, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read,

The said Estimate is as followeth; Viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance; foi the Year 1761.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, somprjling Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges' ——

C Gibraltar and North Britain Pay of Civil Officers j St. Johns, Fern/1 and, Car boniere, Trinity Harbour, and Artificers at \ and Placentia, in Neztfoundland -l^Annapolis Royal -

Pay of the Corps of Engineers - - - ‘ - -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 3,179 Men, Officers included - - - - / -

Pay of a Company of Miners, confiding of 76 Men, Officers included, added to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 31 October 1766 -

Establishment of the Academy at Woolwich, for the Inllru6tion of the Artillery People ——

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich - ’ - -

Pay of Lieutenant Colonel Robert Clerk -

Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Germany, North America, Africa, the East and West Indies, with the Half-pa}/ of Officers reduced -

EXTRAORDINARIES.

36,256 12 6

1,047 5 —

1,099 11 3

611 7 6

8,093 17 6

88,530 15 —

2,824 3 9

1,000-----

867 5 — 363 -

3,979 8 4

j£- St

*44,675 5 10

Towards carrying on Gibraltar -

the Fortifications, \ Annapolis Royal -

building and repair- Placentia -

ing Storehouses, and # St. Johns, Ferry land, Carboniere, and Trinity supplying Stores, at Harbour, \n Newfoundland -Towards erecting the new Fort at Ardcrfter Point near Inverness -Towards carrying on the Fortifications and repairing Barracks in Scotland Towards building and repair-^Sheerness and Gillingham -ing Fortifications at - \Portsmouth and Gosport Towards completing the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel -

Towards erecting Nine Batteries to oppr^fe an Enemy’s Landing at the moll exposed Places on the Coast of and Kent -Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at New York -Pay of Officers and Artificers attending the Four Companies of Artillery

in East India - - -.....-

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Commissaries, Conductors, and Artificers, with the Trains of Artillery, attending his Majesty’s Forces at several Places in North America -

Pay of Officers and Artificers, 2X Senegal, on the Coast of Africa, -Twelve Months Pay of Officers, Artificers, and Attendants; also towards ' the Hire of Horses, Drivers, audConduftors; for the Train of Artillery in Germany, from 1 January to 31 December 1761 - -

Two hundred Tons of Salt-petre - -

8.000 -

1.000 ——

800 — —

2.000 — —

10,000-----

1.500 -

2.000 -

3.000 — —

2.500 -

4.500 -

511 -

1,818 18 4

8,687 — —

675 5 —

100,000-----

10,600-----

i57>592 3 4

302,267 9 2

t

Vol. 28.

XI I

EXCEEDINGS

2 7° Novembris.

EXCEED IN G S.

For fiindry Services performed, pursuant to his late and present Majesty’s Orders, for which no Allowance has been made in Estimate 1760.

A Supply of heavy and light Brass Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Waggons, Horse Marness, Tents, intrenching Tools, and other Stores, sent for Ufe of his Majofiy’s Army in Germany, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 18 March and 7 November 1760 Ordnance, Powder, Shot, and other Stores, sent to New York for Supply of the Forces and Forts in North America, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 31 October 1760 -

Powder, Shells*, Carcasses, Musquet Shot, Sand Bags, Intrenching Tools, and other Stores sent to Boston, for Use of the Forces in North America, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 31 October 1760 - -

Charge of Ordnance, Mortars, Powder, Shot, Shells, and £. s. d.

other Stores, sent for the Supply and Defence of Quebec, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 31 October 1760 - 30,097 12 8

Also of Barrack Bedding, for Use of the Sick Men in the Hospitals, and Troops in the Garrison, pursuant to his Majestys Warrants, 11 and 14 July, 1760 Hire of Ships employed in carrying tjhe Ordnance, Ordinance Stores, and Bedding

- 20,197 4 —

5,869

11

Ordnance, and Ordnance Stores, delivered, from several of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Siege of Quebec, by Orders of Vice Admiral Saunders, and approved by his Majestys Order in Council, 16 February 1760 -

Ordnance and Stores sent for Security and Defence of the Town and Harbour of Liverpool, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, 31 October 1760 -A Supply of Bedding sent for Use of the Garrison at Louijbourg, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 23 November 1759 - -

Bedding sent for Ufe of the Troops in the Barracks at Hilfca, near Ports viouth, and fora Battalion at Chat h an, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 23 October 1759, iand 17 November 1760 -Charge of raising and arming a Company of Miners, with the Pay of the fame, and of Two Engineers, sent for the Demolition of the Fortifications of the Town and Harbour of Louijbourg, from 1 March to 31 December 1760, and of a Proportion of Stores necessary for that Service, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 31 October 1760"

Purbeck Stone sent to Annamaboe, for paving the Platforms, and Money advanced to purchase Materials in Africa, towards finishing the Fort, with the Pay of an Engineer and Artificers, to 31 December 1760, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order, 24 May, in Consequence of an Act-dress of the honourable House of Commons, 16 May

*757 ....

Also Ordnance and Stores sent for Defence of the saidTort, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 9 June 1760

2,165

l7

d:

3>722 5 1

Towards erecting new Redoubts in the Island of Jersey\ pursuant to his Majesty’s Order in Council, 28 July 1758 - -

Finishing the Lines, and erecting convenient Receptions to lodge Troops for Security and Defence of Portsmouth and Plymouth Docks; also towards completing those erecting Within the Lines at Chatham; pursuant to his Majesty’s Orders,: 12 April and 31 July 1756, 24 June 1757, and 10 February 1758

PortscaLake - - - - £. 2,173 — l

Gosport - - - 548 3 3

Plymouth Dock - 2,1147 17 2

Chatham - - - 25,770 3 lo

Pay of Officers at the Settlement of Halifax in Nova Scotia, and Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange, for carrying on the Current Service there, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 10 December 1757 Pay of Officers and Artificers at the Island of Guadeloupe, from 1 January to 31 December 1760; also the Charge of Brafs Mortars, Shells. Shot, and other Stores, sent pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 31 October 1760 -Charge of erecting Two Batteries between South Sea Cajtle and Cumberland Fort, near Portsmouth, and of the Guns, Ammunition, and Stores, provided for Defence thereof, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant. 16 Novem-

her 1759 ....

Aims, Accoutrements, Ammunition,1 and Colours, delivered for Use of the Militia, of the Counties of Northumberland, Westmorelund, Rutland, East and Wefi Riding of York, Monmouth, Brecknock, Durham, East Kent, Bedford, Cornwall, Denbigh, Leicester, Cumberland, Glamorgan, East and West Regiments of Middlesex, Westminster, and Lancaster, pursuant to his Majesty’s Orders, 29 October, 7 and 9 November, 3,4 and 10 December,

£ s* d.

27,183 14 7 15,228 18 7

8,949 19 7

56,164 7 10

3,262 2. 7

2,589 12. 2 7,045 — —

3>154 1 6

6,365 S 8

5,881 2 3 1,53° 1 5

3°.739 4 4 483 *3 — 4,082 14 ---

5>396 4 "

*759*

i Geo. III.

7* Novem

1759, 25 January, 29 February, 4 March, 11 8 Afgy, 17, 25,

ami 30 ^/wc, 27 August, 6 and 22 September, 1766 - -

Tents delivered for Ule of the Militia of the Counties of Berks, Wilts, Dorset, and Bedford, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 10 .1760 -

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to Twenty-nine Regiments of Militia, called out for Service, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 9 7/^1759 ——

Arms delivered to Two Regiments of Horse from Ireland, Two new raised Regiments, and Two Troops of Dragoons, Two new raised Regiments, and Sixty three Independent Companies, of Foot, also to the Augmentation to Nineteen Regiments of Foot and Dragoons, and to several other Regiments, in lieu of those loft and worn out in actual Service, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 23 October, 9, 12, and 23 November, 3, 10, 18, and 19 December, 1759, 9, 11, 15, 25, and 28 January, 1, 6, and 28 February, 4, 7, 13, 18, 20, 27, and 31 March, 16 April, 5 and 25 June, u, 14, and 30 jidy, 11 Augufiy 19 September, and 10 October, 1760 ——

Tents delivered to Seven Regiments of Dragoons, Twenty-nine of Foot; for the Augmentation to Seven Regiments of Dragoons, and Seven of Foot; also to Twenty Independent Companies; pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 12 October, 7 and 10 December, .1759, 15 and 25 , Januanj, 6 and 12 February, 7 and 31 Marchy 14, 22, and 28 April, 3, 5, n, and 13 June, 21 and 22 August, 8 and 29 September, 8, 15, and

29 October, 1760- - -....

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to Six Regiments of Dragoons, the Light Troops of Eleven other Regiments, and the Royal Forrefters; also to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, Tw’enty-three Regiments of Foot, the Fencible Men of Argytlshire, a Regiment of Highlanders, and to Twenty Independent Companies; pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant 9 May 1760 - -

Arms and Ammunition delivered for Defence of the Cities of Air and Irwin in Scotland, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order, 23 January 1760 Money paid for the Cargoes of Two Sxoedish Ships, conlifting of Iron Ordnance, and round Shot, purchased pursuant to his Majesty’s War- rant, 18 July 1760 -

Pay of the Superintendant of his Majesty’s Powder Mills at Feversham, in Kent, from Michaelmas 1757, to 20 May 17591 at 600 per Annum, pursuant to his Ma- £ 5. d.

jesty’s Warrant, 17 November 1759 ... 992 j 1

To Benjamin Pryce, for the Value of Implements, Ma-' terials, by him left, and Sums expended, on the said Mills; also Interest on the Purchase Money, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 15 August 1760 - 2,599 13 8

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn by, and Sums advanced to, the Paymasters to the several Trains of Artillery, on the Expeditions in North America, against Crozvn Point, Quebec, and Montreal on Account of Contingencies ——

Hire of Horses and Drivers for the Train of Artillery attending his Majesty’s Forces in Scotland, from 1 January to 31 December 1760, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 10 June 1755 -

Hire of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers, for the Train of Artillery in Germany, to 31 December 1760, with the Charge of Horses that have been killed, taken by the Enemy, or died through excessive Service, to 30 September last, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 7 November 1760 ----- 79,596 4 8

Also Money paid on Account of Contingencies, with the

Pay of Officers, Artificers, and Attendants - - 12,816 8 10

19,482 6 8

556-----

4>°47 11 6

43^41 17 5

8,174 5 —

5>95* 9 11

774 — 4

5,987 12 9

3>59* *4 9

42,622 8 11

829 12 —

92,412 13 6

For which Service there hath been granted in Estimate

1760, no more than ----- 20,000-----

Pay of Officers, Artificers, and Attendants oh the Field Train of Artillery, fitted out for immediate Service, from 1 January to 31 December 1760, pursuant to his £. s. d.

Majesty’s Order, 26th June 1759 - 3,206 8 —

Hire of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers, for the said

Train from 1 January to 31 December 1760 - - 12,284 18 7

Also Forage to Officers . - - - - 945 — —

Hire of Horses and Drivers, for the Trains of Artillery attending the Battalions of Foot in England, from 1 January to 31 December 1760, pursuant to his Ma- £. s. d.

jesty’s Order, 1 June 1759 - 4,123 — 11

Aifo Forage to the Officers, Stores, and Incidents - 255-

Vol. 28.

72,412 13 6

16,436 6 7

4,378 — 11

9S1

i. di

'Ik*

Accounts from the Chamberlain of London.

Leeds and

Sheffield

Road.

952

27* — 28® N.

The Charge of carrying to Portsmouth a Battering Train of Artillery, to attend his Majesty’s Forces on the present Expedition; also towards the Hire of Transports, Train Horses, and Pay of Officers, Artificers, and Attendants, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 17 November 1760

r. A. 1760.

£ d* L d.

20,000

426,449 4 9

£ 728,716 13 11

Charles Frederick.

W. R. Earle.

A. Wilkinson.

Chas Cccks.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 28° die Novembris;

Anno i® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That the Chamberlain of the City of London, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Au Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, on the Fifth Day of July 1760; and^lfo,

A Paper, intituled, " The State of the Account of w Money received and paid, in pursuance of the Act to <c improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and " through London Bridge, from the 28th of November " 1759, exclusive, to the 26th Day of November u 1760, inclusive."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by reason of several Doubts and Difficulties which have arisen in the Execution of the said Act, the same has been found ineffectual to answer the good Purposes thereby intended; and alleging, That it is necessary that some of the TolIs should be altered, and the said Act explained, enforced, and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, enforcing, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Act, in, such Manner, and with additional Power, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper. v Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Cholmlej, Mr. Popharn, Mr. Earle, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Frederick, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Coventry, Mr. More, Mr. Gore, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Feilotocs, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Smithy Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Robert IIildyard, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Buller, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Tozvn-Jhend, General St. Clair, Mr. Pye, Mr. Charlton, Mr# Alderman Beckford, Mr. Drake, Mr. Alderman D.ickm infon, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Evelyn; and 1*4

all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Cumberland, Northumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Robert Throgmorton Baronet, John. Hinton Loder Clerk, Lord of t he Manor of Hinton Walrish, and IndeLie. Re6ior of the Parish Church of Hinton Walrish, in the County of Berks, and also Owner of the Perpetual Advowson of the said Rectory,the only Freeholders of and in the said Manor of Hinton, and Robert Loder, William Southby, Henry South by, Henry Dyer, Edward Church,

John Crook, Thomas Dew, Richard Humphreys, John Church, Edzcard Richards, William Richards, John Jb-folom, John Bullock, Hugh Richards, Ann Braw/h, Leonard Dezv, Mary Curtis, John Soufhby, Elizabeth Dezv, William Dyer, Richard Bajley, Martha Tomkins, and Henry Richards, Leaseholders and Copyholders, of and within the said Manor, and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands, lying dispersed in the common Fields, and commonable Places, in Hinton aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the said common Fields, and commoHable Places, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have agreed to divide and inclose the said common Fields, and commonable Places, and to assign and allot to the respefctive Owners and Occupiers thereof, their Shares and Proportions according to their several Interests therein; which said Divisioivand Inclosure will tend to the Public Good, and be of great Advantage to the several Parties concerned: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and incJofing the common Fields and commonable Places aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pnr-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Pye, Sir Willoughby Aston, and Mr. Jarrit Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire Expiring what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Alderman DickinJ'on, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Probyn, Sir Robert. Hildyard, Mr. Fd-lowes, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Popham, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Butler, Mr. Earle,

M r. Thornton, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Fuller, Mx.Charlton,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore.

Mr. Thoroton, Sir James Creed, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Symomls, Mr. Crefiuell, Mr. Hezcetl, General Corn-xvallis, Mr. Jones, Sir George Savile, Mr. Foley, Mr. Calthorpe, Mv.Ridley, Admiral Pocock, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Armine Wodehoiife, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Galway, Mr. Sargent, Sir Geo. Yonge, Mr. Pole, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Smith, Mr. Eger ion, Mr. Toicnjhend,

Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lane, Mr. Pye,

Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Buller, Sir John Cuff Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Martin, Admiral OJboni, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Phnnptre; and all the Gentlemen of the LongRobe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The

i Geo. III. a8° NoXemhnL 95

Africari The House being informed, That Mr. Poirier, from Second, intituled, An Act to 60rttrfitie, for a limited

ompaoy* the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled*cc A into 1759, The Aceount of the u Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to <c Africa; distinguishing every Article of Expence under 45 its proper Title."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Dofthonfe A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parishes

Bar from of Paddington, Saint Mary, JJlington, Saint John, Hamp-ar»d Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and of several of the Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants of t he said County, and of the City of London, whoso Jtfames are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the new Road from Paddington to JJlington, in the County of Middlesex, hath been found of great; Utility; andfetting forth That the making a new Road from the North Ealt Side of the Road, called the Islington Road, opposite to the said New Road, over the Fields and Grounds, to Old Street Road, opposite the Doghonfe Bar, and the repairing and widening the Road at or from the said Doghouse Bar to the End of Citijicdl Street, by the Artillery Ground, would be of further Utility and Benefit, not only to the Petitioners, but to the Public in general; and further alleging, That full Satisfaction is proposed to be made to the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds through which the said Road is intended to be carried, and to all whose Rights or Interests may be in any wise affected, except to the City of London, who are willing to give up their Interest in the intended Road, for the Accommodation of the Public; but that the same cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for opening the said new Road, and for repairing and widening the Road at and from the Doghonfe Bar as aforesaid, or in such other Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Penton, Mr. Willy, Mr. Bacon, Doctor Hay, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gulfton, Mr. Hanger, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Earle, Mr. Nejbitt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ftlloives, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr Bri/lotc> Mr. Lockyer, Sir. Sturt, Sir Willi am Owen, Mr Honey-ivood, Sir William Irby, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Page, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Cartxvright., Mr. Sargent, Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Pye, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Thomas Fane, General St. Clair, Mr. Alderman Dkkinfon, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Thomas Gore, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Fisher, Sir James Colcbrooke, Mr. Foner c ciu, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Pole, Sir John Cust, Mr. Thoroton, Lord Strange, Mr. Popham, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Bankes, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Plinnptrc, Mr. Eger Ion, Mr. Medlycott, Admiral Frankland, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Rose Fuller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, Cambridge, Norfolk, and Suffolk; and for the City of London: And they are to meet l Ins Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

Irrportat^n The Bill to continue, for aTime to be limited, an Act,

iroaihdand ma(^c m 33^ Year of the Reign of King George the Vor,. 28,

Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland* was, according to Order; read a Secohd time.

Resolved, Thdt the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tb a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ploufe, upon the said Bilk 5

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to fconsider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House, resolved itself into a Committee of the Ways whole House, to consider of Ways afnd Means for railing an<* Means, the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee'.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had dfc rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Corrtmittee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the Supply} House’ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, including those in Germany, for the Year 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Gibraltar, and Guadeloupe, for the Year 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Three Regiments of Foot on the Irish Establishment, serving in North America, from 25th December 1760 to 24th December 1761, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for the Year 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the embodied Militia, of the several Counties in South Britain, and of the Fencible Men of Argyleshire, and Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders, in North Britain, from 25th December 1760 to 25 th April 1761, both inclusive, being 122 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Clothing for the embodied Militia for the Year 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.*

Ut<

xi K

954

2 8° Novem.

A. 17 do.

Navy

Estimate.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Admiral Bofcawen presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1761;

Admiral Bofcawen also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the 30th September 1760.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The First of the said Estimates is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstrad thereof, and also the other of the said Estimates, are as followeth; viz.

ABSTR A C T of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1761.

N° 1. To the Right honourable the Lords Comm iftioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Bi'iiam, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries,

2. Superannuated Sea Officers

3. Pensions, and other Allowances

Yards. (

Chatham

Deptford

Woolwich

Portsmouth

Sheerness

Plymouth

£ s. d.

- 16.195 16 1

5,966 7 11

- 3.448 O 6

- 3.142 1 I 4

- 2,520 8 8

4,298 H 6

4 6

9 6

*5-

Muster-matters, and other Officers of the Out Ports Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary -Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -

Charge of the Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Rigging -Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, See. ——

Half-pay to Sea Officers -

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1761 To which may be added.

For completing the Works of the Royal Hospital at Hajler -

For carrying on the Building of the Hospital at Stonehouse

And for defraying the Expences of maintaining in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, an additional Number of disabled Seamen taken, and to be taken, into it, who are worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country; there being now Seventeen hundred and Fifty Men maintained in the said Hospital; and also for a sufficient Number of Nur-fes,' being the Widows of Officers and poor Seamen; and for carrying on the Building, and other Incidents of the said Hospital, for the Year 1761, Ten thousand Pounds

£ v. rf.

3^553 4 1

22,162 4

18,582 f 9

5,37° 6 11

26,564 2 2

12,635 1 8

27,242 0 0

79.515 0 0

30,000 0 0

258,624 7 10

7.*3° 0 0

10,000 0 Q

10,000 o o

285,754 7 10

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1761, amounts to Two hundred Eighty-five thousand Seven hundred Fifty-four Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence.

G. Cokbume, Tho. Slade,' W. Bateley> R. Ojborn, Tinct. Brett.

Navy

t Geo. III.

28 NoDembris*

955

Navy Office, 7 2 7th November 1760.3

An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it flood on the 30th September 1760.

Heads of the Naval Bftimates.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports:

Due td pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, 8Cc. supplied for the Service thereof - -

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on naval Stores -

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, 8Cc. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 30th September 1760, as also to several Bills of Exchange -To His Majesty’s Yards and Rope Yards for the Ordinary and Extraordinary - For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf

Seamen’s Wages:

Due to pay the Men, 8Cc. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 30th September 1760 To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course for Slop Clothes, and Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, Free Gifts, Sic.

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 30th September 1760 - -

For Necessary-money, Extra-necessary-money Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports - -

Sick and Wounded, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz. DuefortheQuarters and Cureof Sick and Wounded Seamen feO on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and f for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to thesaidf office.....;

Particulars.

£ s- d-L239>500 4 0 14*369 13 3

414*77° x3 2

518,069-----

29,957 7 2

1-73*54?

The Total amounts to the Sum of Five million Nine hundred7 and One thousand One hundred and Ten Pounds Sixteen > Shillings and Four Pence - - - -9

From whence deducting the Money in'} *7

the Treasurer’s Hands - - - fas on the other f -

And also the Money that remained tof Side. T come in of the Supplies of the Year -J J -

The Debt will then be Three million Eight hundred Sixty-four thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence Farthing -N. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports, between the 1 ft of January 1760 and 30th September following

And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Vi6tualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between the ill of January 1760 and 30th September following, amounts to -

For which Sum of £.373,908 n 85 no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for last Year The Nett Debt of the Navy will then be Three million Fourl hundred Ninety thousand Eight hundred and Six Pounds;

Five Shillings and Ten Pence - - - - -)

G. Cokburne, Tito. Slade, R.

292,5°1

1,743,894 lS 4 )

6 10

100,36° 4 10*

TOTAL.

£. d.

535,145 15 11

1,894,234

87,653 11 10

16,499 IO 2

881,325 15 9

44,z66 10 3

73»i29 15 11

50,521 8 8

2,216,666 17 7

2.517,033 7 9

1,065,743 — 9

101,667 10 3

5,901,110 16 4

2,036,395 18 9I

3,864,714 17

373,908 11 8£

3,490,806 5 10

Tim'J. Brett.

Vol. 28.

Memorandum:

Ordered,

VO

cn

ON

Memorandum There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurer of the Navy, on the 30th September 1760, in Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

On the HEADS of

In what TREASURERS Hands. In MONEY. 1 r Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports. Seamen’s Wages. A Victuals. TOTAL.

Right honourable George Dodington Esquire (ill Treasurership.) fin Money - - -{D° towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen - £ d-4,888 0 £ s. d. 1.613 11 4i 38 0 4i £ s. d. 47 6 lof j £. s. d. 6,586 19 of

Right honourable Henry Legge Esquire. fin Money ilP" towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen 6.34° *2 5 2,914 1 of 55 15 5 1,621 12 4 f - - - i 10,942 X 2|

Right honourable George Grenville Esquire (ifi Treasurership.) fin Money - -- -^D° towards the Debt for Sick and wounded Seamen - 4>°59 7 oj — - — 3>°47 9 °£ 1,017 2 9 3,372 16 nf j 11,496 15 gf

Right honourable George Dodington Esquire (2d Treasurership). fin Money ----- -- I D° towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen - 6,804 4 nf - - 4.5*7 4 5l 140 17 7 374 *5 *H - - - J 11,837 2 *f

Right honourable George Grenville Esquire (2d Treasurership). fin Money £d° towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen - 153.933 *7 5 37,802 9 6f 3.8i9 *7 4 56,081 17 2,) - - i 25*1638 I jl

176,026 2 3 54,976 8 ni 61,498 9 3* 292,501 0 5I

There remained, on the 30th September 1760, to come in of the Supplies of the Year 1760, including Uajler and Stonehouse Hospital*.

£ *' 1,743,894 18 4

a 8° Novembris. A* 1760*

i Geo. III. ' f 280 — 290

Ordered, That the said Ffiimates do iie Upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

irampond Admiral Bofcawcn reported from the Committee, to Road, whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants of, and inhabiting within and near, the Towns and Boroughs of Lojhvithiel, Truro, Fowey, Grampond, Tregoney, and Saint Mazes, and the Market Town of Saint Anjlell, in the County of Cornwall, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Admiral Bofcawen have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Thomas Jones Esqjiire, informed your Committee, That he knows the Road leading from the East End of the Borough of Grampond, to the Eastern End of Tap-house Lane, adjoining to the Common; that it is the great Southern Post Road, between Plymouth and the Western Parts of Cornwall; that the said Road is in a ruinous Condition, and very narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the Laws now in being: Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. William Ujlick.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Anjlell and Lojlwithiel, and from thence to the East End of the West^m Taphouse L*ane in the said County: And that Admiral Bojcaioen, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Evelyn, and Mr. Buller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 290 die Novembris j Anno i° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1760. PuAYEltS.

rays "\/f & Charlton, according toOrder, reported from the id Means. -LV1 Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House 5 which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised, within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one, upon Lauds, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Odices, and personal Estates in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament, of the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, have Continuance to the 24thDay of June 1761, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, Vol. 28.

Novembris* 9-57

and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale; withiil the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of4 June 1761 > to the 24th Day of June 1762.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in ptirfuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer; Mr. James Grenville, the Lord North, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Attorney General; Mr. Solicitor General. Mr. West, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring iri; the fame*

Mr. Charlton, according to Order; reported frdrti the Supply* Committee of the whole House, to tvhom it was referred to Consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; whidh he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Number of Land Forces, including those in Germany, and Four thousand and Eight Invalids; amount* ing to Sixty-four thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-one effective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-oite;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That a Sum, not exceeding One million Five hundred and Sevehty-six thousand Nine hundred and Eighty-five PoundsTen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Sixty four thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-one effective Men, for Guards and Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Yrear One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Forty-three thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-six Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Gar* rifons in the Plantations, Gibraltar, Gaudeloupe, Africa, and the East Indies; and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, Providence, Quebec, Guadeloupe, Senegal, and Goree; fot the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-two thousand One hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Three Regiments of Foot on the Irish Establishment serving in NortliAmericai for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-two thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Fourteen Shillings and

Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year*

One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum,not exceeding One hundred Forty thousand Three hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence,be granted to his Majesty, for de-> fraying the Charge of the embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of the Fencible Men of Argyleshire, and of Lord Sutherland's Battalion of High* landers, in North Britain, for 122 Days, from the 25th Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, to the 25th Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty one, both Days inclosive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-six thousand Five hundred and Sixty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and 1 wo Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for de- fraying the Charge of Clothingfor the embodied Militia, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one.

11 L The

'if JSfovembris. — ib Ledembris <. 17

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Parish Church of Abkettleby aforesaid, John Chelllc, time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Thomas Cross, and others. Proprietors of Lands in the agreed to by the House. said Fields, was presented to the House and read; alleg-

ing, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners

Antiy; 'Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Mutiny and punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better De&rtion. payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that the Lord Barrington and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lance, i° die Decembris;

Anno i° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1760.

in the said Fields lie greatly intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that if the said Fields were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to each Person inlerefted therein, it would greatly improve their several Estates: And therefore praying, that Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, under such Rules and Regu!ations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Frederick Mountain, Mr Sandys, and Sir fVilUam Maynard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Prayers.

Dolignon'u, A PETITION of John Dolignon and Peter 1*1 icl-&c. Nat. f\. luflbri, was presented to the House, and read;

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kynoflon, and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Weymouth, Mr. Tucker presented to the House, according to &c. Road. Order, a BUI for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth, Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Thomas Gore presented to the House, according Arjrv; to order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and Mutiny at for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: bcicmoe. And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Admiral Bofcazven, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1761.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Estimate

of Ship Buildir.rl;

Abkettleby A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Viscount court. JJowe, Impropriator of the Parish of Abkettleby in the , County of Leicester, the Reverend George Coulton, Patron, Vicar, and Incumbent of the Vicarage and

D

eg'

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

eg

FT

13

CO

Navy Office, '! ft December 1760-

; An ESTIMATE of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty s Ships, for the Year 1761; prepared in pursuance of an Order from the honourable

House of Commons, dated the 26th of lall Month.

Place where.

Deptford

Woolzvick

Chatham

Dor if mouth

Plymouth -

River Thames -

Harwich - -

Proposed to be contracted for

Guru.

74

90

74

5o

100

9°

Ships Names.

Kent - -

A Ibion

— New Ship

Blenheim -Triumph -Canada -Romney -Victory -Ocean London -74 Rami Hies

100 Britannia

64 Asia - -

50 Warwick

74 Defence -

70 ifoj//* - -

Nature of their Repair.

Building - - In Hand

\ Proposed to be set up at the Head of the Double Dock

Building

► Building

In Hand

In Hand

In Hand -

Building - -

Building - -

In the MERCHANTS YARDS.

In Hand - -

Tinif v vhen to be

Taken in Hand. Completed.

Charge of their

March 1762 -March 1763 -

Oclobei' next -July 1762 - -

December 1763 Marph 1762 -March 1764 -October next October 17 63 -Uncertain October 1762 -March 1762 -U ncertain March 1763 -October 17 63 -

Hulls, Mads, and Yards.

*5*434

9.000

4.000

11.000

6.000

3.000

5.000

9.000

7.000

14.000

7.000 9,006

8.000 3,°°o

10.000

7.000

Rigging and Stores.

1,820

7*464

7,010

For the Hulls of the Ships Rigging and Stores

- £ *79*434

26,457

Total

- £ 205,891

Viz. The Sum of Two hundred and Five thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-one Pounds.

G. Cokburne, Tho, Slade. W. Balely. R, 0<born.

TOTAJ.

I7>254

9.000

4*000

18,464

6.000

3.000

5.000 9*000

14,010

14.000

7.000 9,0QO 8,00a

3.000

10.000

7*ooa '

- 14 64 74 I. 64 Cornwall - - -Africa - - -Arrogant - -New Ship - -New Ship - - Building - -| To be built - In Hand - - August next -October next -January next 13.000 15.000 5.000 10.000 9.000 5*27° 4.893 *8,270 *-9>893 5.000 10,000 9.000

ABSTRACT. Total - - - 179*434 26,457 205,891

Tim? Brett,

va

Cn

Vo

I Geo. III. 1° Decembris.

Importation of Beef, Sec. from Ireland

London

Bridge.

l* CecembfiL A. 17 60.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Friday lad, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act; tp continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, might be read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward James do, upon Thursday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole HquCb, to whom the said Bill is committed.

OrderedThat Mr. Caleb Smith do attend the said Cojnmittee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Goodwin do attend the fai$l Committee at; the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. JbhA Boon do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ireland do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Grafton do attend the said Combi it tee at the same time.

The House being informed. That the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the DoorJ . They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, 4

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council af-leinbled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; felting forth, That the Petitioners were by an Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reigp of his late Majesty, of happy Memory, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the B^stage over and through London Bridge, im powered to make such PuiChafes, and required to talce down such Houses and Buildings, 4s they Ihbuld jhdge nCceflairy fijjr the Enlargement and Improvement of the Passage over and the Avenues leading to and from, the said Bridge, and also to widen or enlarge One or more of ftie Arches thereof; and certain Tolls or Slims of Money were thereb>y^ranted, and vested in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, for that Service ;, 'and that by another Act, passed in the 3ift Year of his tkid late Majesty, the Sum of£. 15,000 Was granted for rebuilding the said Bridge; and the said Tolls continued till the 24th Day of June 1758, and no longer; and that, in each of the Two following Sessions of Parliament, the Sum of £. 15,000 was granted towards the improving, widening, and enlarging, the Passage over and throughjthe fai<T Bridge; and alleging, that, in pursuance of the Powers given to the Petitioners by the said Acts, a very great Progress has been made in the Works thereby directed; and Two Third Parts of the Masons Work are already performed with Success, and a large Quantity of Stone is prepared for the Residue of those Works, whereby the Money already granted has been almost wholly expended; and that the Petitioners find themfe/ves unable to proceed in this great and neceflaryWork, without the further Aid and Affiftafnce ‘of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such further Sums of Money as to the House ibAll seem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

The House was moved, That the Title of the Paper, intituled, " The State of the Account of Money re-14

u ceived and paid in ptirfuanCe of the Act to improve,

<c Widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through " London Bridge, from the 28th of November 1759, cc exclufi ve, to the 26th Day of November 1760, in-tC elusive," might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Ibid.Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid befdre this House, an Account of Account of the Prices that have been paid for Beef Beef, fa. and Pork, for the Use of his Majesty’s Navy, in the l‘fcdJlir Year 1760.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Support of House, according to Order, 4 Bill for the better Support of his Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Bill be read a Secohd time.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Supply E Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Lu^Tax, Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1761: And the same was deceived; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to SuppIyBS; Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to his Ma- MailCBOa jesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred And Sixty-onfe: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to " consider further of Ways And Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning-next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the vVhole House,to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1761 — Land Service* be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed thim to report,'when the House will please to receive the same.;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to movie, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this Hiufe will, upon Wednesdajj Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning* Nine of the Clock.

apply Bill; iupport of he Kina’s ioufliold, kc.

Army; Mutiny and Dcfwtion.

South Se* Company.

8apply Bill; Land Tax.

Supply Bill; Malt duties.

Doghouse Bar from lilington Read.

i Geo. III. 2® Dece. 961

Martist2° die Decembris; Anno i® Georgii IIIUi Regis, 1760V Prayers.

ABIL L for the better Support of his Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crowft of Great Britain, was read a Second time.

Resolved, Nemine contjradicente, That the Bill be committed. /

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill*

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, \A\>ox\Thursday Morning, next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain acquainted the House, That he had a Message from his Majesty to this House, figured by his Majesty: And he presented the same to the HoUfe; and it was read by Mr. Speaker; all the Members of the House being uncovered; and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE, R.

The South Sea Company having addressed his Majesty in a dutiful Manner, That he would be graciously pleased to condescend to be Governor of the said Company; and his Majesty, having been graciously pleased to accept the fame, his Majesty recommends it to this House to consider of proper Methods to render the same effectual.

G. R.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South-Sea Company: And that Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Charlton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raifctl in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1761, was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1761, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Paddington, Saint Mary, Islington, Saint John, Hampstead, and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and of several of the Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, of the said County, and of the City o i London, whose Names are thereunto fubfaribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he Vol. £8.

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at th6 Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of tire said Petition,

Charles Dingley Esquire, being examined; said, That the present new Road from Paddington to Islington has been found of great Utility;

That the making a new Road from the Norlh-East Side of the Road called the Iflingtoli Road, over the Fields and Grounds, to Old Street Road, opposite the Doghouse Bar, and the repairingand widening the Road from the Doghouse Bar to the End of Chiswell Street, which is about a Quarter of a Mile in Length, will make an easter Communication into the City of London, and be a Quarter of a Mile nearer than the present Road through Old Street, and, by avoiding the Stones, and many Nuisances which attend the present Road, would be of further Utility and Benefit to the Public:

That there are some Lands to he purchased, and others to be taken upon Lease; and that he, the Witness, had applied to all the Tenants, and almost alt the Owners, of such Lands through which the said Road is intended to be carried, who are willing to give up their Interests therein, upon Satisfaction being made to them for the fame.

And the Witness further said. That a sufficient Number of Gentlemen had offered to lend Money fat the Purposes of making the said Road, and repairing and widening the Road from the Doghouse Bar to Chiswell Street.

Then there w&s produced to your Committee an Order of a Court of Common Council of the City of London, dated the 27th of November 1760, whereby it appeared, That if an Act of Parliament should pass for the opening the said new Road, and for the repairing and widening the Road at and from the Doghouse Bar to the End of Chiswell Street, the Court doth agree to give up their Interest in the Toll at the said Doghouse Bar, for the Accommodation of the Public.

Mr. Isaac Majfeter, being examined, said. That he has surveyed the Premises through which the said Road is intended to be made, which is Seven Eights of a Mile and Fourteen Perches in Length; and that he could foresee no Inconvenience in making the Road* it being a good Soil, and mostly Gravel.

A Member present at the Committee, and also Mr. John Harris, severally informed your Committee, That they apprehend the said Road, when completed, will be of great Use and Convenience to the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making, widening, and repairing, a Read from the North-East Side of the Ifington Road, opposite to the Road called the new Road, over the Fields and Grounds, to Old Street Road, opposite to the Doghouj'c Bar, mid at and from the Doghouse Bar to the End of ChifioeU Street, by the Artillery Ground: And that Mr. Cooke and Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Cooke Esquire, in behalf of his youngest Son Charles Molloy, an Infant, lately called Charles Cooke, was presented to the House, and read; setting.forth. That Sir Charles Molloy Knight, by his Will, dated the First Day of June 1759, gave an^ ^e-vised all his Farms and Woods in Shadoxhcrfi, in the County of Kent, and his Farm called Nezvhouse, and all other his Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whatsoever, from and immediately after his Wife’s Decease, unto the Petitioner’s said Son, by the Description of his God son, Charles Cooke, youngest Son of George Cooke, of liar Jit Id, Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, wiih divers Remaindersover; and, after giving several pecuniary Legacies, he gave all the rest of his Stocks in the public Funds, and Securities for Money, to Trustees, for the Ule of the Petitioner’s said Son, to be assigned and transferred to him when heflial! attain the AgeofTwenty-one Years; and that in the said Will is contained a Proviso, that the Devise thereby made to the Petitioner’s said Son w as upon Condition that he and his Heirs take and constant ly 11 M ufa

Cooke’s

Nair.et

2° — 3 Decembr . 1760.

use the Name of Malloy alone, exclusive of the Name of Cooke, and bear and use his Family Arms; and also apply for an Act of Parliament, impowering him and them to use the foie Name of Molloy, and bear the Arms v belonging thereto; and, by his said Will, desired and

recommended to his Executors, that they would fee this Part of his Will performed accordingly: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fimnt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Bedford, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Northey, Mr. Jennings, and Sir William Beauchamp Prottor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee' had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Rcfulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Two thousand Two hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1761.

Refulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Twenty-six thousand Four hundred and Forty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1760.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Importation Ordered, That Mr. Vent do, upon Thursday Mom-

of Beef, &c. ing next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to from Ireland. wj10m the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30 die Decembris;

Anno i°Georgii IIItU Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

Dolignon’s, A yTR. Kynaston, presented to the House, according to &c. Nat. Xv x Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Dolignon and Peter Tfiellujon: And the same was received 5 and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

’Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means, resolve itself iuto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Support Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the the better Support of his Majesty's lioufliold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Billj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Land Tax. upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1761;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 175a, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1761.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply BiH} to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Wait Duties upon the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1761;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to di-rest,.that the Deficiency, which shall be on the* 25th Day of March 1761, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1759, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1761.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow AJorning, Nine of the Clock.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

i Geo. III. 40 Decembris:-

Jovis? 4° die Decembris;

Anno i* Georgii III111 Regis, 1760. Prayers.

ADM IRAL Bofcawen, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Order*

An Account of the Charge for Transport Service, between the ift January, and 30th September, 1760, including the Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land . Forces within the said Time.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Navy Office, the 28th November 1760.

An ACCOUNT of the Charge for Transport Service, between the ift January, and the 30th September 1760, including the Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time; prepared pursuant to an Order from the honourable House of Commons, dated the 26th November 1760.

Nature of the Charge*.

SUM.

Freight of Transports - - - - -

Expence of building Cabins, Stalls, and other Conveniences, on board them, and of furajfliing them with Hammaccoes, and other Stores, together with the Expence of surveyingj'und measuring them - - - .

Hay, Oats, and other Necessaries - - - t

Bedding for the Use of the Soldiers - -

Boat Hire, and dther contingent Expences on embarking and debarking the Troops. Pilotage of the Transports -

Salaries to Purveyors and Agents ——

£ * d-256,789 5 2

6.959 8 3

5,400-----

2,998 6 5

5°4 >7 4 22 1 6 8

675 3 —

Total Naval Part

Expence of victualling his Majesty s Land Forces within the said Time -

Total Naval and Victualling

- - 273,548 99>598

373>M6

6 10 4 11

9

The Whole amounting to the Sum of Three hundred and Seventy-three thousand One hundred and Forty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence.

G. Cokburne, Tho. Slade, W. Bately, R. Ojbom, Timy Brett.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Transport Ordered, That an Account of the Charge for Trans-

Service, ice. port §erViCe^ between the First of October 1759, and 31st of December following, including the Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time, be laid before this House.

Reariby A Petition of William Bochin Esquire, Lord of the Inclosure. Manor of Rearjby, in the County of Leicester, John Orton, Clerk, Patron and Incumbent of the Rectory and Parish Church of Rear/by aforesaid, Rogers Ruding Esquire, John Kilby Gentleman, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the open Fields, Meadows, and pasture and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Rearjby aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, and Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, and pasture and waste Grounds,lie intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of much, if any, Improvement; and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the rest of the said Proprietors, and Persons interested,-to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors and Persons interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be

given to bring in a Bill for dividing and incJofing the said Fields, Meadows, and pasture and waste Grounds, in such manner as to the House IhaJI seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Cartwright and Sir Charles Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Rose Marie Heath, the Wife of Benja- Heath’s Nat. min Heath, of the City of Exeter, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. FeUowes and Mr. Cooke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Admiral Bofcawen, from the Commissioners for exe- Transport cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Bri- Service, &c. tain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Charge for Transport Service, between the ift October 1759, and 31st December following, including the Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Navy

VoL.

Cooke*

Name.

Fiflierton

Bridge

Road.

4° Decmbr.

\'A. 1760.

NaVy Office, 3d December 1760. An ACC O UNT of the Charge for Transport Service, between the ,ift October 1759, and Hhe^ift December following, including the Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time j prepared pursuant to an Order from the honourable House of Commons, dated the 21st January 1760*

Nature of the Charges.

SUM.

Freight of Transports ——

Expence of building Cabins, Stalls, and other Conveniences, on board them, and of furnish-ifcg them with Ilmnraacoes, and Other Stores, together with, the Expence of surveying and measuring them - -

Boat Hire, and other contingent ExpOnces - - - - f -

Pilotage of the Transports - -

Salaries to Purveyors and Agents ——

98,464 4

1,254 15 100 0 101 4

2.54 *h

L

4*

5 a

6

6

Total Naval Part

£ d.

Efcpence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time - 21,425 12 4

Whence mud be abated £. 15,711 5 8, being the Value of Provisions put

on board Transports employed on several Expeditions, which was included in the Sum of £. 151,478 1 jo* the Amount of victualling his Majestys

Land Forces, between ift January and 30 September 1759 (already laid before the honourable House of Commons), the same now appearing, by an Account from the Commissioners of the Victualling, to have been delivered to Men of War, and returned into Store - - - -15,71158

Then there will remain for victualling Land Forces ... —

Total Naval and Victualling

100,175 0 9

5>7i4 6 105,889 7 5

The Whole amounting to the Sum of One hundred and Five thousand Eight hundred and Eighty*-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Five Pence.

G. Cokburne, Tho. Slade, Richd Hall, Timy Brett.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Alderman Beckford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Charles Molloy, an In* fant, lately called Charles Cooke, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Molloy, puffUant to the Will of Sir Charles MoUoy Knight, deceased: And the same was; received; and read the First time.

Rffolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the fever&l Places through which the Highways thereafter mentioned do pass, and others frequently passing the fame, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Highways and Roads leading from Fisherton Bridge, in the Parish of Fisherton Anger, near the City of Neiv Sarum, through the Towns, Pari’fheSj, Vilfe, Tythings, or Hamlets, of Fisherton, BomerVon, Qiiidhamptoii, Fuggleftdiic, Wilton, Ditchantipion, Ugford, North Bur-comb, Barford, Saint Martin, Paverjlock, Dinttm, Teffont, Magna Chilmark, Founthill, Bishop Founthill, Gifford, Bcnvick, Saint Leonard, Chicklade, Hindon, East Knoyle, Milton, and Upton, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hed^e, Jin West Knoyle, leading to Mere, and from Wilton Bridge through the Parishes, Vills, Tythings, or Handets, of Burdens Ball, Chilhampton, South Nezvfon, Stanford, Little Wijhford, Stapleford Steeple, Land ford, Bathampton, Deptford, Fisherton, Delamere, East Codford, West Codford, Upton, Lovell, and Knook, to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Hcytejbuiy, leading to Warminster, all in the County of Wilts, are become ruinous, and unsafe for Travellers, and in many Places so narrow, that Carriages cannot lately pass by each other; and that the same cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more effectually repairing and amending the said Highways and Roads, and that the

Petitioners may have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Callhorpe, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Admiral Bofcawen Mr. Norfhey, Mr. Charl-/0rt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Craft ter, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Powell, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Hume, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Thoroton,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Plumtre, General Come ay, Mr. Boone, Mr. Gore, Mr. Smith, Lord Strange, Mr. A)i-son, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Admiral Tozvnjhend, Mr. Thynne, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bacon, Sir Richard Glynn, Mr. Medlycott, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Heicett, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Lionel Pilkington,

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Bankes, Sir John Turner, Mr, Jarrit Smith, Sir John Cust, Mr. Egerlon, Lord North, Mr. Colleton, Lord Gage; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Bert, Somerset, Gloucester, and Dorset.: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply Committee of the Whole House, to whom the Bill for Sl!t^ tire better Support of his Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Fable: When* the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed,

Mr.

I Geo. III. 4°~5* 965

Mr. Wofl prefen ted to the House, pursuant tp their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of the clear Produce, in every Year, of the several Branches of the Revenue which Was settled for the Support of the Houshold of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, during his said late Majesty’s Life, from Midfit miner 1727, to Midsummer lall, and of the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament for the fame, and to make good the Deficiencies thereof.

And the Title of the said Account wafc read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the TahJe, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Calthorpe have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And be moved the House accordingly. *'14

Ordered, That Mr. George Curler, Mr. Henry Sen- Importation veil, Mr. George Swanston, Mr. John Ifanfon, and Mr. 9^ ^Cl John Woodward, do, upon Monday Morning next, at- om rc aru ’ tend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of King George the'Se-cohd, intituled, An Act to continue for a limited Titne the Importation of salted Reef, Pork, 'and Butter, from Ireland, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

nportation The Order of the Day being read, for the House to r B«f &c. resolve itself into a Committee of the; whole House om Ireland, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of failed Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve it.seif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That James Wallace Esquire do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Field do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Barnevell do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Wildman do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Army; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Mutiny and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon cenion. tj10 for pUnjfljing Mutiny and Desertion, and fr the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Land Tax. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1761, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill ;* and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the lleport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; *Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee of the Malt Duties wj)0|e House, to whom the Bill for continuing and grantingtohis Majestycertain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perrv, for tine Service of the Year 1761, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him . to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vox.. 28.

f; Venerisy 50 die Decembris\

Anno i° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1766*

Prayers.

D M I R A L Bofcawen presented to the House ac- Grampoufld cordingtoOrder, a Bill for repairing and widening ^oa- the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Aujicll and Lajhvithiel, and from thenoe to the Euft End of the Westeru Taphouse Lane, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the Firfttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Calthorpe reported from the Committee, to whom Fisherton the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Bridge Road* of the County of Il'HlSy/whose Names are thereiinto fob-feribed, residing in and near the several Places through which the Highways thereafter mentioned do pass, and others frequently passing the fame, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the; same was read; and is as fol-loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. James Stilt laid, That he knows the several Roads described in the Petition: That they are very ruinous and bad, and in many Places very narrow, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Oi'dcred, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Ileytesbury, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Cal-thorpe. Major General A"Court, Mr. Bayntun, and Mr.

Thynne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Mr. Vice Chamberlain presented to the House ac- South S&i cording to Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to be Company* Governor of the South Sea Company: And the same was received; and read the Firfttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Fdlowes presented to the House according to Heath'*

Order, a Bill for naturalizing Rose Marie Heath, Wife Nat*

of Benjamin Healh Esquire; And the same was received; arid read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring.in a Bill foi4 Marine the Regulation of his Majesty\s Marine Forces while *orceS4 on Shore: And that Mr. Clevland, Mr. Tucker, and Admiral Bojcawen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, That Mr. Cainie, Clerk Account to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, at* trom the tended at the Door; Mercer*

u N He- Comp"*

y66

5° Decembris.

A. 1760.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the iotli of October 1759, to " the 10th of October 1760, directed to be laid before " each House of Parliament by an Act, passed in the 21st " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George u the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the " Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the ,c Mystery of Mercers of the City of London And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur- ArmyEim, suant to their Address to his Majesty,

Account of the Distribution of £. 500,000 and £. 1,000,000, for the Year 1760.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as-followelh; viz.

A CCOUN T of the Distribution £. 500,000, voted upon Account for the extraordinary Services of the combined Army in Germany, and of^. 1,000*000 issued pursuant to the Power given by an Act, passed in theiaft Session of Parliament to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expepces of the War incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1760, and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoiai or defeat any Enterprises or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

Dates of Warrants. 1760. To Cacti paid Messieurs JValpole and Mellish, to be by tlicm remitted to the Deputy Paymaftfcr of the combined Army in Germany, and to be by him applied and paid’ over for the extraordinary Expences and Conlingencies thereof, according to such Orders and Directions as he should receive from his Majesty's Superintendent or Director of Forage, and other Things, in the said Army ----- £- d.

6th February, 100,000 -

2$th February. To Calli paid to Messieurs Ma gens and Amy and, to be remitted and applied to the like Purposes ----- 100,000 — ‘ —

25th Mar. To Calli paid to Messieurs Walpole and Mellish, to be remitted in like Manner for the like Purposes, the Sum of £. 3,000, and the further Sum of /. 6,000, to be applied according to Directions of the Commander in Chief of the British Forces, in Satisfaction of Expences of the British Hospital already incurred ——

26 th Mar. 9,000 —

To Calli paid Messieurs Magens and A my and, to be remitted in like Manner, and to be applied according to Directions from the Commander in Chief of the British Forces in the said Army, or from, the Superintendent of Forage there - 175,oooo

25th April, To Calli paid Messieurs Walpole and Mellish, to be remitted to the Deputy Paymaster of the said combined Army, and by him to be applied for the extraordinary Expences thereof, according to Directions from the Commander in Chief of the British Forces there, or the Superintendent - 150,000 — —

30th May. ToCafti paid Messieurs Magens axi<\ Amyand, to be remitted in like Manner, and applied for the extraordinary Expences of the combined Array, according to Directions from the said Commander in Chief, or by the Supervisor Director and Comptroller of all his late Majesty's Commissaries in the said Army - - 150,000 —

30th June. To Calli paid Messieurs Walpole, Mellish, and Touchet, to be remitted and applied in like Manner - - - 150,000

4th A ugujl. To Calli paid Messieurs Magens and Amyand, to be remitted and applied in like Manner ----- - - - 150,000

8th September. To Calli paid Messieurs Walpole and Mellish, to be remitted and applied in like Manner - 150,000

1 ith October. To Calli paid Messieurs Magens and Amyand, to be remitted and applied in like Manner - - - - 150,000 — —

1 >2 8 4,000 — —

1 ft January, to 16th April. To Calli paid Messieurs A. Drummtmd and C°. upon Bills of Exchange drawn in their Favour by Messieurs Pyc and Cruikjhank, to aufwer Monies advanced by the said Pye and Cruikjhank, by Order of T. 0. Hunter Esquire,

Superintendent of the combined Army, for various extraordinary Services thereof, the Monies for which said Bills have been issued in pursuance of several Warrants of his late Majesty dated at different Times between the 1 ft of January, and the 16th April 1760, both inclusive - 115>X43 1

25th April, to 1 oth June. To Calli paid Messieurs Andrew Drummond and Company, to answer Bills drawn in like Manner, and for similar Uses, by Order of Michael Hatton Esquire, Commissary General of the combined Army, after the Departure of Mr. Hunter, Superintendent of the said Army, which Monies were paid pursuant to Warrants of his late Majesty, dated at several different Times, between the 25th of April, and the iotli of June 1760, both included - 100,856 n S

£ 1,500,000 — —

War Office, 5th December 1760. r — im

Ordered,

i Gtio. Ill*

Ordered, That the1 Tuid Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Member^ of the House.

Plancie’s A Petition of Peter Anthony Platiche Was presented to the House, and read; praying, That his Name may be inferred in the Bill now depending for naturalizing John D'olignon and Peter Thellujbiu

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read1 a Second time.

Westminster The House being informed. That Mr. Seddoil, from Bridge. the Commitfitrfrers for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the oppofrte Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door;

Me vVnfs called in*; and, at the Bar, preferred to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Cotirmissioners for building Westminstr Bridge, from the 20thDay of November 1759, to the 2d Day of December 1760, inclusive: And also.

Accounts of the TrOafnrer to the Commissioners for Building Westminster Bridge, from the 10th Day of October 1759, to the Voth Day of October 1760.

And then he Withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State and Aceootits, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Weymouth, A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads lead-&c. Roausi big to and' through the Towns of Weymouth, Melcombe Regis, and Dor chef ter, in the County of Dorset, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tucker, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Lock-yer, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Jones, General A'Court, M v.Medlycott, M r.Olmius, Mr. A my and, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Mabbott, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

4Budgeh, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bond, Mr. Dodinghm, Mr. Hunter, Sir Armine Wode house, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. CarY-wrighf Mr. Pole, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Eger I on, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Willes, Mr. John Pitt, Sir John CuJ't, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Campbell, Mr. More, Colonel Howe, Mr. Hewett, Admiral Bo/cazven, Mr. Foley, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Ellis, Mr.' Honeyzcood, Sir Geo. Yonge, Mr* Nor they, Doctor Hay, Mr. Nugent, Sir William Maynard, Mr, Staunton, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Townshend% and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, Cornwall, Wilts, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Exhall A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Exhall, in the

inclosnre. County of the City of Coventry, and the Lay Impropriator, and the Patron and the Vicar, of the Parish Church of Exhall, and also several of the Owners and Proprietors , of Lands in the open and common Fields, Pastures,

Meadows, and wade Grodnds, within the said Manor of Exhall, in the Parish of Exhall, in the said County Of the City of Coventnj, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the several Estates of the Petitioners in the said Fields, Failures, Meadows, and waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in fniall Parcels in and over the lame, by means whereof great Inconveniencies arise to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the said Lands; and the same are thereby rendered of little Value, and incapable of Improvement; and alleging, that the Petitioners are deflrous to have the said Lands divided andinclosed, and specilic Shares allotted to each Proprietor: Arid therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and waste Grounds, within the Manor of Exhall, in the Vox.. 28*

957

Parish 6f Exhalt, in the County of the City of Coventry, in Arch manner as to the House shall seem meet*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Support of his Ma- Support of jesty*s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the the King‘* Crown of Great Britain, was read the Third time. HouOiold, The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

P. 19* L. 12, 13. To leave olit ct the Profits and w Produce of any of the said small Branches/*

L.15. After other wife/’ to insert " the " Profits and Produce of any such of the said small cc Branches £$ are subject to the Restrictions* or the said " last mentioned Abt, with respect to the free and abfo-4t lute Disposition thereof/*

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do pass:

And that the Title be, An Act for the Support of his Majestyhs Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defife their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting' an Aid to his Majesty, Supply Bill by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Land Tax. Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the YearOne thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one.

Ordered, That Mr. Chariton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to his Supply Bill. Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Malt Duties Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Sever! hundred and Sixty-one, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his c*lvjj Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- Revenues-reciions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the clear Produce of the several Branches of the Revenue which was settled for the Support of the Houshold of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, from Mid-summer lait, to the Time of the Demise of his said late Majesty; and also an Account of the gross Amount of all such Sums of Money as were standing out or in Arrear at the Time of the Demise of his said late Majesty, for or on Account of the Duties and Revenues which were set* tied for the Support of the Houshold of his said late Majesty, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Wayt Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the *n<l Mean* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved,

5° Decembris*

Supply.

Army; Mutiny and Deflation.

Answer to Add rest for Account.

Account of Beef, &c. used for the Navy.

Dolignon’s, &c. Nat.

968 50 — 8° Decemhris. 1760.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to -°pp^y.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer-tion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lurne, 8° die Decemhris;

Anno i° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 17G0.

Prayers.

&fOHN Dolignon, Peter Thellufbn, and Peter An* J thony Plaudit*, took the Oaths appointed in order to their Naturalization.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last, That his Majesty would be gracioufty pleased to give Direct ions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been prefen ted to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Clev land, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Prices that have been paid for Beef and Pork, for the Use of his Majesty’s Navy, in the Year 1760.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited,; an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland is committed.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

1

A Bill for naturalizing John Dolignon and Peter Thelluffbn was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Thornton, Lord Parker, Mr. Ilayzvard, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Tris, Sir John Morgan, Mr Staunton, Mr Delaval, Mr. Moore, Mr, Ca It ho rpc, Mr. Alderman Dick inf on, Mr Coventry, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bacon, General A'Coin't, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Richard Glynne, Mr. Hunter, Sir Geo. Montgomerie Metham, Mr Sandys, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hill, Mr George Onslow, Mr Budgen, Mr, Gore, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lowndes, Mr, Smith, Sir Geo. Da If one, Mr. IIewe It, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Thorofon, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Chomley, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. West, Mr. Slarkie, Mr Campbell, Mr. Montgomerie, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr, Plumptne, Mr. Ward, Mr. Prohyn, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Hugh Dairy tuple. Sir James Cole-brooke, Mr. White, Mr. Crasler, Admiral Bq/cawen, Lord Middleton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of Peter Anthony Plaudit!, which was presented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill should be read a Second time, be referred to the said Committee: And that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think fit.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the 30th September 1760, be referred to the said Committee, r

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge for Tranf-port Service, between the ift Janutny and 30th September 1760, including the Expence of \riftuallinghis Majesty’s Land Forces, within the said Time, be referred to said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge for Transport Service, between thcFirlt of Oclpher 1759 and 3.1st December following, including the Expence of Viftu* ailing his Majesty’s Land Forces, within the said Time, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into, the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refoljutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleafeto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Rcjblved, That this House will, upon Wednesduy Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Wrysu to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, keai to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read* for the House ItwCj to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an froaIrtf Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue, foralimited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland;

A Petition of several Merchants and others, Owners Dic^ and Proprietors of Ships in the Service of the United Company of Merchants trading to the Eof Indies-, and also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants residing in the Cities K* of London and Wcjhninster; and also,

A Petition of the Cheefftmonf ers, Factors, and Im« porters of salted Butter from Ireland, residing in the Cities of London and Westminster \

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the said Bill; and representing to the House the good Eflefts which the Petitioners allege have arisen therefrom; and alleging, that the further Continuance of the said Importation will be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of Robert Barnevelt and Theyer Townsend was also presented to the House, and read; takin"

Notice

1 Geo.111. R. 4 n

of the several r , 9

thefa’ul ComntditfoT- Tn '^\on of for,r t- .* 96$

Sea^m for buying Cargoes of'U?h’"’ tVval ll'e yearly v>e ralfedM*C d° 'IIS Ylaie%, by a Land T of September, October aS ir f's m Months - - m Great fJ tJjeJL?. Tax

Cargoes of Roof and Pork mTt’ a!ul for buying November, nx\(\ Decembern wf nths of October, the Mnnih. "-7^, ° ’ »hat the Petitioners, In

" - ,v lb ?! ?r.nUl'« »f Bolter.

— Great Rr»*/ oy a Land T

One thousand Seven hundred" and *7* of l'le Y«» any Amendment; And also s'xty-oue, without

*«, An Act

*,«- rcs^wot»«- ^Cc: "

\V inds, and other Ships which the Petitioners had wro- exam'£>a’ n/ .'.mm'Ue^ dhat the Committee had "vtded to go from England, to fetch the rest of the said same to v> , legationsi of the Rill, and found the Goods of the said Petitioners, being likewise detained SrlzSom P5*’ ^ved the Petition of

byctmtemyWlwb.

import the Butter, Beef, and Pork, they have so pur- Committee had directed him to report to tte House*-chafer! and contacted for in Jrdand, by the a4th Day and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards ot December 1760, when the said Acts expire-, and that delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, m at the by Means thereof the Petitioners will fuller very great Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments’were once 1-ofs and Damage, unless this House grants them Relief;

And therefore praying, That the Time appointed by the said Acts for the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, may he enlarged, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premifes as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Prices that have been paid for Beef, of the Produce of this Kingdom, for

Victualling his Majesty sNavy, fmee tie \ January p Poole Mr.-More.Mr.irore, ivir..ri«c,;>ir d.ug«

17 58 (which was presented to the House upon 9 Mr. T/iorolon, Mr. Feifch.Mr. 5cotf, Mr.

Day of February 1759), be referred to the fa Coventry, Mr. Hunger, Mr. Mr. Staunton, Sir

mOre^.ThattV,e AccountoftheP^es.Wh.veW Wy

I r . uUf for Victualling his Majesty s Navy, from g\ Gibbons, Mr. H«oe/g Lord

A ear (which was prefen tV, P <v,\ Committee. Mr. Lallioipe, h' ofwaM, Mr. George Onslow,

----- Ciet-iana, Nlr. And they are to meet

in Speaker’s

----- vuv. ^luuLiumtuu WC1C DllvC

read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in g rolled,

A Bill for naturalizing Rose Marie Heath, Wife of Benjamin Heath Rfquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Fellozoes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. CartorigJif, Mr. Montagu, Mr. C/ioZmlev.Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pole, Sir Hugh

__ . %.\r mi___j__ , IfWv Sfrntt

Heath’s

t^au

he M Committee.

D"^h/n the Hlufc resolved itself into the fa* Committec

"Mr. Speaker returned the 1 V the Committee, they bad examined fe%<atv Amendment

"hey tod di,eae'i lT l° reI,°rt’

That gone

Chamber.

Order, a Bill for the lte3 thg {ame Was received;

Forces while on snore

" ®"be '"aaS"°’'d lime;

A Fetition ‘ICfommt, foi er"li'j|

Execution the several Atts p.0ads round the

, Turnpikes and for the repa^ 8^ persons who are

t 1 by Mr. Uountaguand c of Bath, a«d of J {aK\ Roads, or some of them, the Povds, by Mr obfemvelonthe

Marin*

Torces.

mas Coventry \

they had examined fevei Amendment

a;n!hho4'»4 AheOed him to report, when thereunto; yLfrtoreceive the fame.

be 4To-mon

Morning*

A Message from

Mr. I*«ne:

Bath

Roai».

Inrefented to the House, ana o{h*

Honour and t>

Vh.

Supp°rt

the

Honftvol^i &c.

Honour ithoul And thcU

AnA*"%taconhe°cS.

issw

R^nea.th^C'^’tU

irned till To-®ortow directA to

Morning,

Martin 9

Anno i

, Decemb

A1Go.

Georgii

Regis,

F

p n a < E R 8\ TTrath took the

0YE^herSturahZaUon.

Oaths apPoltV

ted, in

from

order to

A Message Mr- {^Speaker

the Herds, by

Mr.

and

Supply Bill 1

rffiTaX.

Voi* *8*

:ed to

theBiN

intitn

iled, An

Bridge fZArZreh^tingto^‘ on. and

j,rcribed , and r P vet been proce v

few Road has tUe passing of^enfive, Sier alleging. ^Vottt which will be eU J- wfc;

f wtv has been so»«d °"od convenient to the r

a A more comm«d>om an so h of the ‘

the Hill. of the W theteio

a Bill to repeal

1K^S>.

bring 'n

O


97° 9° Decembris. A. 1760.

therein before set forth; and to expTain, amend, and render more effectual, all the said Acts, as the House shall judge meet, and to grant inch other Relief in the Fremifesas shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Covenby, Mr. Fellozves, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hanger, Sir John Gibbons:, Mr. Burrell, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull, Mr. Pole, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. yl/cre, Sir William Irby, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Cholm ley, Mr. Fane, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Montagu, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Foley, Sir Jo/w C///Z, Sir. Staunton, Sir Geo. Montgomerie Metham, Mr. Bacon, Sir GVo. Halftone., Mr.

Mr. Ctevland, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. 7V///, Sir Fram'is Poole, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Toxnjhend, Mr. JE///V, Mr. Bud gen, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Jar r it Smith, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Wilkes, Mr Campbell, Mr. Crasler, General A* Court, Mr. Willy, Lord Canny ogham, Mr. Cholmomlc-ley. Admiral Frank land; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Cornwall, Devon, Dorset, and And they arc to meet this Afternoon at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

AiTent A Message from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Bills. Hairy Bellenden, Gentleman (Jlher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peeis; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal A lie lit to the several jniblic Btlls following; viz.

An Act for the Support of his Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain:

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one:

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one.

upply. Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Fifty-eight thousand Six hundred Twenty-four Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea Officers for the Year 1761.

ReJ'vlved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand One hundred and Thirty Pounds, he granted to his Majesty, for completing the Works of the Hospital for sick and wounded Seamen, at Hajlar, near Gosport.

ReJ'oLved3 That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards carrying on the Works of the Hospital, for sick and wounded Seamen, building near Plymouth, for the Year 1 761.

Ref dyed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundre 1 Seventy-nine 16

thousand and Thirty-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings ami Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of Transport Service, between the ill o[October 17511, and the 30th of September 1760, including the Expence of Victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commi!tee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One million, be granted to Ins Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1761.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill to enable Charles Molloy, an Infant (lately Cooke’j called Charles Cooke), and the Heirs of his Body, to Name, take and use the Surname and Arms of Molloy, pursuant to the Will of Sir Charles Molloy Knight, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Alderman Bedford. Admiral Townsend, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Ctevland, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bond, Admiral Frank land, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Pole, Sir Roger Newdigate,. Mr. John Pitt, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Bull, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fellozces,

Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Crasler, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Willy, Mr. Affleck, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fane, Admiral Pocock, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Chcficr, Mr. Plump/re,

Mr. West, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Roje Fuller,

Mr. Trijl, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Delava!,

Mr. Butler, General Stanza ix; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Gather1? Tradesmen, Farmers, and others, of the North Riding MoorRmi of the County of York \ and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and others, of t he County of Durham; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Highways leading from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, near Didderjley Hill, to and through the Town of Caldwell, in the County of York, and from thence to and through the Town of Winflon, in the County of Durham, to the Town of St a indrop, in the said County; and also the Highways leading from the said Turnpike Road, near Smallways, to and through the Town of Hutton Long Fillers, in the said County of York, and from thence to and through the Town of Ovington, to the Ford aerofs the River Tees, to the Town of Winsion, in the said County o(Durham; are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous for Travellers, and cannot be effectually made, widened, and repaired, by the present Methods prescribed by Law; and alleging, that the present Ford aerofs the River of Tees, from the Yorkshire Side of the said River, to the Town of Winflon, in the said County of Durham, is very dangerous and frequently impassable, by reason of the frequent Floods in the said River: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for making, amending, widening, turning, ami repairing the said Roads, and for building a Bridge aerofs the said River of Tees, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hewett, Mr. Cholmley, Mr.

George Onflozv, Mr. Butler, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Si r Francis Poole, Mwllunter, Sir John Gibbons,

Mr.

Appleby, &c. Road

Account of Ext licqutT Bills.

i Geo. III.

o O

9 — io

Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Van fill art, Mr. Ptumpfre, Lord Middleton, Mr Burrell, General A'Court, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bond, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Rose Fuller, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Pructor, Mr. Trip, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Butler, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Felloives, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fane, Sir William Irby, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir James Loivther, Mr. Elliot, Mr. John Fuller, Lord CunuyngJiam; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, IFeflm or eland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen,

Clergy, Grand Jury, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Count y oiWeJlmoretand, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Appleby, in and for the said County, on Monday the Sixth Day of October 1760, and by Adjournment, at Kirkby Kendall, on Friday the Tenth Day of October, in the Year aforesaid; and also of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and Burgesses, of the Boroughs of Appleby and Kirkby Kendall, in the said County of Weflmor eland; was prefen ted to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Highways from the said Borough of Appleby, through the Township of Orton, to the said Borough of Kirkby Kendall, and from Orton to the said Turnpike Road near Shapp, in the said County, and also from a Place, called liighgate, near Tebay in a Part of the said Highway leaf ling from Appleby to Kirkby Kendall, through the Town of Kirkby Stephen, to the Town of Market Brough, in the said County, are become so ruinous and out of Repair, especially in the Winter Senfon, that they are oftentimes very dangerous, and almost impassable in several Parts thereof; and alleging,that it would be of thegreateftfpublicUtility and Benefit to Trade, to have the said Roads effectually repaired: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower Trustees to erect a Turnpike or Turnpikes, and appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think fit to collect a Toll or Tolls on such Part of the said Roads, as may be convenient for the Repair of the said Roads, that the same may be speedily amended.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Loudher, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Felloives, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fuller, Sir Geo. Dalstone, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Cooke, Mr. He weft. Sir William Codrington, Mr. Bailer, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Montagu, Lord Middleton, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Tozui/hend, S\r William Irby, Mr. Ryder, Sir William Stanhope, Mr. Sandys, Admiral Frankland, Mr. Bad gen, Lord Strange. M r. More, Mr.

Cholm ley, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Bond, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr. Medlycott, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Butler, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Starkie, Mr. Cholmoiuleley, Mr. Fazaker-ley, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Fane, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Trip, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Banks, Mr. West, Mr. Wilbraham; and all the Mem hers who serve for the Counties of West-moreland, Cumberland, Northumberland, Durham, York, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of 1 he Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuanccof the Act passed in the lad Sdfion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, towards paying off Vol. 28.

Decemhris.

971

]48-

and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services, for the Year 1760.

Mr. Thomas Coventry, according to Order, reported Importation from the Committee oSlhe whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act Ireland, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas The T ord

lelleis lot the ^eas^ M(. Fu[kr

Tellers for the Noes t Mr- Townj T ,0

1 eiiers for the iNoes^ Mp Kynafi3 7

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, was read a Second time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Army? whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and^ Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendmentsthereunto; which they had directed him to report,when the House will please to-receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Descriion*

Mercurii, i o° die Decembris;

Anno T Georgii III. " Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

MR. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to an(j whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for Sheffield putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 31st Year of Road, the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said Act was read; whereby it appeared, that a /

Toll of Five Pence per Score is laid on all Calves,

Swine, Sheep, and Lambs, and no more than Two Pence per Score on Oxen and Neat Cattle:

That where the said Act declares, That no more than One Toll shall be taken in a Day in each respectne I)ii-trift, it is doubtful, whether the Word District is applied to the whole Road between Wakefield and Sheffield, or only to such Part of the said Road as lies between Wake-

field

Dofignon’s, &c. Nit.

Importation oI Beef, &c. fronv Ireland.

Supply,

972 1 o* — 110 Detembris. 17do.

nmi tVoollc.ij; and that it is also doubtful, whether the Trustees have Power to turn the Road through private Grounds: Then,

Air. John Stock dale, being examined, said, That if the Road between Sand all Three lioujes and Wakefield could be turned through feme private Grounds, it would he of great Advantage, as it would make the Rond much (Jiorter.

A Member present informed your Committee, That great Progress has been made in repairing the said Ronds; but that they cannot be effectually repaired, unless the Tolls granted by the said Act are augmented, and the Act in many Respects amended.

Upon the whole, your Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Act is defective, and ought, in order to answer the Purposes thereby intended, to be amended, and rendered more effectual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to amend the said Act, and render the same more eflfedlual.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York: And that Mr. Wilkinfin Mr. Thornton, and Sir Lionel Pitting ton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

' An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Dolignon and Peter Thellujjbn was read the Third time.

Resolved,\ That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Dolignon, Peter Thellvjjon, and Peter Anthony Plane he.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Coventry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to* consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Distribution of £.500,000, and £.1,000,000, for the Year 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wayt resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to tad Aka consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr Thomas Gord reported from the Committee of the Army, whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny Mutiny ad and Defer t ion, and for the better Payment of the Army DesertWi and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments, were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis , 11" die

Anno x* Georgii III. U Regis, 1760. Prayers.

I?)

THE Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur- Extra suant to their Address to his Majesty,

Account of the Extraordinaries incurred, to the 19th Day of November 1760, not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Ah

i Geo. III.

ii° Decembris.

973

AnuACCOUNT of Extraordinaries incurred, to the iqth Day of November 1760, tlot provided for by ' Parliament.

To Caih paid Messieurs Andretv Drummond and Company, to compleat the Payment of a Bill of Exchange for £.9,347. r>- 5- drawn in their favour by Messieurs Pye and Cruikjhank, to answer Monies advanced by the said Pye and Cruikjhank, by Order of MichaelHatton Esquire, Commissary General of the Combined Army, after the Departure of Mr. Superin-

tendent of the said Army, for various extraordinary Services thereof, the Sum of^.5,034. 17. 1. which is the other Part of the said Bill, having been included in the Account of the Distri-bntion of £.500,000 and of £. 1 ,oooo,oco, issued for extraordinary Services and Expences of the

Combined Army, and of the War, per Warrant, of 10th June 1760 To Cash paid the said Meflicurs Drummond nx\d Company, to answer a Bill of Exchange, drawn in their Favour, by Messieurs Pye and Cruikjhank, by Order of the Marquis of Granby, Commander in Chief of the BritiJIi Forces in Germany, to answer the Expences of Forage, and other Things, for the

4,312 8 4

Combined Army there, per Warrant of 30th June 1760

- 27,973 11 9

To Messieurs Colebrooke and C°, in Discharge of a Bill drawn by Mr. Hunter, on Account of the Pay of 400 Waggons, for the Service of D° Army, from the 5th of October 1759, per Warrant, of 22d of January 1760 -

To Mr. Dundas, upon Account, for Waggons for the Hanoverian and Brunswick Troops, in D° Army, per Warrant, of 1 it of May 1760 -

To Messieurs Walpole, Mellish, and Touchet, for Commission, &c. for their Bills on Ahijlerdain, between the 25th of January 1759 and the ift of March 1760,^7’Warrant, of the 23d of June 1760 -

To Baron Munchaufen, for the Charge in augmenting the Buckburg Troops, in the Combined Army, per Warrant, of the 14 th of May 1760 - - - - ’

To Monsieur All, in Reimbursement of 6rf. per £. deducted from Monies issued for Pay of the Hessian Troops, per AVarrant, of the 23d of June 1760 -

To Messieurs Thomlinfon, Colebrooke, Hanbury, and Nesbitt, to be by them remitted in Specie to North America, for extraordinary Services there, per Warrant, of the 9th of January 1760 - - - - 100,000 — —

To D° for D° Service, per D° of the 3d of March 1760 - - 100,000-----

To D° for D° Service, per D° of the 16th of April 1760 - - 100,000-----

To D° for D° Service, per D° of the 23d of June 1760 - - - 100,000 — — -

To D° for D° Service, per D° of the 29th of August 1760 - 100,000-----

To Messieurs Baker, Kilby, and Baker, for Provisions for the Forces in North America, from the 30th of July 1759, to the 9th of September following, inclusive, per Warrant, of the of April 1760 ----- 22,250 14

To D°, for D° for the D°, in D°, from the 10th of September 1759, to the 21ft

of October following, per D°, of the 21 ft of May 1760 - I5>45° 2- 6

To D°, for Bread and Flour, for sick Men in Garrison and Quarters, in D°, from the 30th of July 1759, to the 9th of September following, inclnfive, per D°, of the 2d of April 1760 - - - - 1,72.4 14 5

To D°, for D% in D°,per D° of the 10th of June 1760 - - - 3,330 11 1

To D", for Provisions for the Forces in the island of St. Johns,. Newfoundland, between the 29th of October 1758, and the ift of June 1759* p«‘ D°, of 2d of April 1760 - - - 892 16 6

To D°, upon Account for Pease and Butter for the Forces at Quebec, per

D°, of D° Date - - - - -65164

To D°, for Provisions damaged on the Mohawk and Hudson's Rivers, per D°,

of 10th of June 1760 - - - . - - 1,258 14

To D°, for D°, damaged in landing at Gaberufe Bay, per D°, of D* Date - 1,212 7

5

11

To Sir James Colebrooke, A. Nesbitt, G. Colebrooke, and M. Franks, upon Account, and in Advance, for Victualling the Forces in North America,per Warrant, of 22d of January 1760 - -

To D°, for D* Service, per D°, of the 10th of March 1760 -To D°, for D° Service, per D°, of the 5th of July 1760 To D°, for D° Service, per D°, of the 4th of August 1760 -To D% for D° Service, per D°, of the 11th of October 1760 -

50.000

55.000

16.000

31*169

50.000

16 —

To William Baker Esquire, upon Account, for Victualling the Forces in Nova Scotia, from the

ift to the 28th of October 1759, per Warrant, of the 2d of April 1760 ToD°. upon D°, for D° Service, from the 29th of October 1759, to the 23d of December following, per D°, of the 16th of April 1760 -

To D°, upon D°, for D° Service, from the 24th of December 1759, to the 20th of January 1760, per D°, of 2 ill: of May 1760 -

To D°, upon D#, for D° Service, from the 2 ill of January 1760, to the 17th of February following, perY)0, of the 23d of June 1760 -

To D°, upon D°, for Insurance, from the 7th of August 1758, to the 5th of August 1759, per D°, of 2d of April 1760 -

2,1

36 —

4>3X5 *3

M51

2,427

4 >55 7

6 6

12

Voted, on Account of Victualling Nova Scotia Remains to be provided for -Vol. 28.

14,889 1 9

1 i>529 8 y

£ * d-

32,286 — t

n,oooo — — 25>234 -

5>79°

1,247

9>843

8 —

1 x

506,000-----

J1 P

46,771 7 a

203,169 1 —

3,359 '3 —

974

110 Decembris.

To Mr. Woodford, Contractor for Victualling the Garrison of Annapolis Royal, in full of the Balance of his Account for that Service for Four Years, to the ift of October 1758yper Warrant, of 2d January 1760 To D% for Victualling 360 Men, of D* Garrison, from the id of October 1759, to the 31st of December following, per D°, of the izd of April 1760 -

410 3 6

828-----

To Chauncey Tozcnfend Esquire, for Victualling the Augmentation of 785 Men of the late General Hop/on's Regiment in Nova Scotia, from the 24th of Sept. 1759, to the 23d of

December following, inclusive, per Warrant, of the 22d of January 1760 To D°, for D° the D* of Major General Barrington's t)° in D°, from the.24th of December 1759, to the 23d of March 1760, per D°, of the 25th of April 1760 -

To D°, for D% the D° of D# Regiment in D°, from the 24th of March 1760, to the 23d of June following, per D*, of the 14th of July 1760 To D°, for Provifrons for 12.5 additional Artillery Men, doing Duty in several Parts of Newfoundland, from the 24th of June 1759, to the 23d of June 1760, per D*, of the 2d of April 1760 - -

To D°, upon Account, for Insurance of Provisions, from the 21st of March 1759,to the 20th of March 1760, per D°, of the 12th of May 1760

1.785 17 6

1.785 17 6

1,805 10 —

1,140, 12 6

832 6 9

To Henry Buddy for Haifa Year, ending the 14th of March 1760, for keeping in Store Provisions in Jersey> per W arrant of the 25th of April 1760 - 234 3 6

To D°, for D°, ending the 14th of February 176a, for D° in Guernsey, per

of the 25th of March 1760 ----- 234 3 6

To D% for D*, ending the 14th of August, for D° in D®, per D°, of the 8th of

September 1760 - 234 3 <)

To John Philip Adams Esquire, upon Account, for building Barracks and Hospitals, Sic. in Guadcloupey ana Grandelerre, to compleat Governor Crump's Warrant for ^.5,000, dated 12th March 1760 -

To Lieut. Robert Paul, upon D°, for building D* at Petithourgy per D°'s Warrant, of D° Date -To Lieut. Robert* Paul, for Money paid by him for various contingent Expences of the Forces in Guadeloupe, Sic. pei% Governor Crump's Warrant, of the 12th of March 1760 -

To Lieut. Banyei'y for the Loss sustained in issuing^.^oo, paid to him in small Silver, for the 65th Regiment of Foot in Guadeloupe, per D°’s Warrant, of the 6th of September 1759 -

L93I *7 2,000 — —

M 31 *5 G

106 19 —

To Mr. Willan, upon Account, for furnishing Bread, Bread Waggons, Forage, Wood, and Straw for the Forces encamped last Summer, per Warrant of the 8th of March 1760 - 15,000 — —

To Mr. Frafer, upon Account, for D° Service, per D°, of the 21st of July

1760 ----- 6,000 — —

To Mr. Bowerbanlcy for Utensils, Coals, and Candles, for the Barracks at Portsmouth, per Warrant, of the 30th of May 1760 -

To Mr. WauchopCy for D°, for the D° at Plymouth^ per Warrant, of the 19th of April 1760 To his Majesty’s Proportion of 1,310 i Chaldrons of Coals, at £.2. 12. per Chaldron, delivered at Gibraltar, in September, October, and November, 1759, anG April 1760, per Warrant of the 7th of June 1760 ——

To Lieutenant Governor Bally to provide Coals for Colonel Bofcawen's Regiment at Jezfey, per Warrant* of the 7th of June 1760 ——

To Philip Thickneffe Esquire, for Coals and Candles for the Garrison of Landguard Fort, per Warrant, of the 14th of June 1760 -

To Capt. BrifaCy for sundry Necessaries for a Battalion of Foot at Chatham Barracks, per Warrant, of the 3d of May 1760 -

To Levy Money for 174 Horses, added to Lieut. General Dejean's Regiment of Carabineers,

at £. 26. a Horse,per Warrant of the 2d of February 1760 - - 4,524-----

To Levy Money for 174 Horses, added to Major General Honeywood's Regiment of Horse, at £.26. a Horse, per Warrant of the 2d of February

1760 - - - 4>524 -

To D°, for 900 Men, at £.z. .2. each; and for the Pay and Subsistence of Officers and private Men of Major General Campbell's Battalion of fencible Men of ArgylJhirCy from 21st of July 1759, to the 24th December following, per D°, of 3d of May 1760 - 5,707 12 —

To D°, for 900 Men, at £. 2. 2. each; and for the Pay and Subsistence of Officers and private Men of the Earl of Sutherland's Highland Battalion, from the nth of August 1759, to 24th of December following, per D% of the 3d of May 1760 ----- 5,387 6 9

To D°, for 150 Men and Horses, in Part of the Augmentation to Major General Elliot's Light Dragoons, at £. 15. per Man and Horse,per D®, of the 26th of January 1760 - - - - 2,250 — —

To D°, for 108 Men and Horses of an Augmentation to Lieutenant Col. Hales

Dragoons, at D* Rate, and per D°, of D° Date - 1,620-----

To D°, for the Royal Forrefters,p£T D% of 7th August 176® - u 900-----

A. 17 6

C- s- d.

1,238 3 6

7>35° 4 3

702 10 6

5,470 u 6

21,000 — —

786 19 7

1,000 -

3.407 *9 — 415 10 — 224 u 9 184 6.9

To

I Geo. Ill*

11° Decembris.

to Levy Money for the Augmentation to Col. Draper's Battalion,per D®, of

the 19th o{January 1760 ----- 99° — —

To D°, for the D°, to Lieut. Col. Coote's Battalion, per D°, of the gth df

January 1760 - 990 ---

To D®, for Lieut. Col. Burgoyne's Dragoons, per D6, of the 26th of January

1760 ----- 1,260---

To Camp Necessaries for the Augmentation to the ill Regiment of Foot Guards, per Warrant, of the 17th of November 1759 -

To D®, for the D°, of the D°, per D°, of 2d of February 1760 To D°, for the Regiments of Foot serving in Germany, per D° of the 8th of March 1760 - -

To D°, for Major General Elliott's Light Dragoons, per D°, of the 21st of June 1760 -

To Camp Necessaries for Major General Cor?izvallies Regiments of Foot To D° for the Earl of Loudoun's Regiment of Foot - -

To D° for Lord Charles Hay's (now Griffin's,) Regiment of Foot -To D° for Major General Griffins (now Carr’s) Regiment of Foot -

To D° for Col. Grays Regiment of Foot -

To D° for Lord Frederick Cavendish's Regiment of Foot To D9 for Major General Barrington's Regiment of Foot -To D° for Major General Hodgson's Regiment of Foot -

To D® for Lord Geo. Beauclerk's Regiment of Foot

To D° for Lieut. General Borland's Regiment of Foot, per Warrant, of the 19th of April 1760 - -

To D° for the Earl of Effingham's Regiment of Foot, per D®, of D° Date To D® for Commandant Morris's Highland Battalion, per D°, of the 3d of May 1760 - -

T6 repairing and completing D°, of Lord Robert Manners's Regiment of Foot, per D°, of the 7t.hr of June 1760 To Camp Necessaries for the Duke of Richmond's Regiment of Foot To providin g and completing D* for the Earl of Effingham's D°, per Warrant, of the 19th July 1760 -

To D° for Lieut. General Borland's D°,per D°, of D® Date To D° for the Earl of Ancram's Regiment of Dragoons, per D°, of the 19th of April 1760 -

To Camp Necessaries for the Light Troop of Lieut. General Bland's Regiment of Dragoons, per D°, of D° Date -

To D° for Lieut. Col. Burgoyne's Dragoons, per l>, of the 17th of May 1760 ——

To D® for the ift and 3d Battalions of the ill Regiment of Foot Guards, per D°, of D° Date - -

To Camp Necessaries for Col. Browns Regirnent of Foot, per Warrant, of the 16th of Augvjt 1760 -

To D° for the ift Division of Independent Companies, per Warrant, of the 30th of Septemlyer 1760 -

To D® for 5 Companies of Col. Keith's Corps, per Warrant, of the 20th of Aitgujl 1760 - -

To D° for Lieut. General Holmes's Regiment of Foot, per D°, of the 18 th of January 1759 - -

To D® for Lieut. Col. Coote's Battalion, pe> DYof the 16th of January 1760 -

To D° for Lieut. Col. Burgoyne's Light Dragoons,per D°, of the 16th of April 1760 -

To D° for the 2d Division of Independent Cerhp&nies, per Warrant, of the 30th of September 1760 -

To D° for the 2d Augmentation to the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards, per D°, of the 23d of April 1760 -

103 - 6

*79 ' 6

i,6oi 12 2

64318 6

399 I 8

399 I 8

399 I 8

399 I 8

399 I 8

399 I 8

399 I 8

399 I 8

399 1 8

204 2 9

139 3 2

606 13 4

116 1 4

399 1 8

273 3 —

198 18

680 8 3

39 3 3

222 1 4

976 15 10

381 9 10

286 *7 4

222 »9 5

91 5 4

634 — 10

593 17 10

286 17 4

114 8 5

To Baggage Horses for Six Regiments of Foot, per Warrant, of the 3d of May 1760 -

To D° for Lieut. General Waldegrave's Regiment of Dragoon Guards, per D®, of the 2 5th of April 1760 - -

To D®, for Major General Elliot's Regiment of Light Dragoons, per D°, of the 7th of June 1760 -

To D®, for Commandant Morris's Highland Battalion, per Warrants, of the 20th of March and 25th of April 1760 -

To L)°, for 5 Companies of Col. Keith's Highland Corps, per D®, of the 17th of May 1760 -

To D5, for Capt. Elrington's Division of Independent Companies, per D® of the 20th of August 1760 -

To D° for Capt. Napier's D°, per D®, of D°Date - -

To D® for Capt. Needham's D°, per D°, of D° Date -

To D® for Lieut. Col. Vaughans Corps, per Warrant, of the 23d of August 1760 -

To D®, for Lieut. Col. Campbell's Corps, per D®, of the 17th of May 1760 -

Vox.. 28.

120 231 117 10

125 —

125 — 125 —

166 5

205 —

5 —

975

£. s. d.

28,154 18 9

1,402 10 — 60 — —

12,580 14 11

To

90-----

67 10 — 67 10 ---

180-----

111 Decembns.

To Baggage Horses for the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, D% of

the 24th of February 1759 - - " '

To D° for the Augmentation to Col. Drapers Battalion, per D% of the 26th

of January 1760 - _ " 7

To D* for the D° to Lieut. Col. Coote's D°, per D , of D Date - -

To D° for Lieut. Generals Conway s, Cope's, and Ancranx s, Regiments of Dragoons, per D% of the 2d of February 1760 - -

To Bas Horses for Six Regiments of Foot, per Warrant, of the 3d of May 17 60 To D°, for Lieut. General IValdegrave's Regiment of Dragoon Guards,per D,

of the 2 5th of April 1760 - - - _ " 7 r r

To D° for Major General s Light Dragoons, per D°, of the 7th of June

To D° for Commandant Morris's Highland Battalion, per Warrants, of the 20th of March and 25 th April 1760 - - .*

To D° for 5 Companies of Lieut. Col. Keith's Highland Corps, per D , of the

17th of May 1760 - — - " " "

To D° for Capt. Needham's Division of Independent Companies, pe? D, of the 20th of August 1760 -

To D° for Capt. Napiei's D% per D#, of D° Date -To D° for Capt Elringtoris D°, per D°, of D* Date - -

To D* for Lieut. Col FanghansCorps, per-D°,of 23d 1760 -

To 0° for Lieut. Col. Campbell's Corps, per D°, of 17th May 1760-To D° for the Augmentation to Col. Draper's Battalion, per D , of the 26th of January 1760 To D° for the D° of Lieut. Col. Coote s D°, per D°, of D° Date To Bas Horses for Lieut. Generals Conways, Cope's, and A nc ram's. Regiments of Dragoons, per Warrant, of the 2d of February 1760 -

To ioods Forage to Six Regiments of Foot, per Warrant, of the 3d of May

1760 - L250 —

To 200di D° for Capt. Elringlon's Division of Independent Companies, per D%

of the 20th of August 1760 - - - 2,20 — —

To D° for Capt. Napiers, D°, per D°, of D® Date - - - - 220-----

To D° for Capt.Needham's D% per D°, of D° Date - 220-----

ToD° for Lieut. Col. Vaughan's Corps, per D% of the 23d of August 1760 - 345 — —

To iood‘ D° for Lieut. Col. Campbell's Corps of Highlanders, per D°, of the

17th of May 1760 - - - - 175 — —

To D° for the Officers of Commandant Morris's Highland Battalion,per Warrants, of 29th March and 25th of April 1760 - 205-----

To D° for the D° of Lieut. Col. Keith's Highland Corps, per D°, of the 17 th of

May 1760 - 97 10 —

To D° for the Augmentation to Col. Drapers Battalion, per D°, of the 26th

of January 1760 - .- - - - 52 10 —

To D° for the D* of Lieut. Col. Coote's D°, per D°, of D° Date - - 52 10 —

1,140-----

70-----

130-----

jg0-----

100 ——

IIO —

IIO —

IIO-----

130-----

170-----

60-----

60-----

210 — —

716 l6 927 6

36 —

iS5‘*4 155 M

3

16

To Forage for the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital, in Great Britain,per Warrant, of the 30th of September 1760 -

To 292ds Oil-reckonings of Major Keith's Corps, per Warrant of the 14th of

January 176p

To 263d5 D° of the if! Regiment of Foot Guards, per D°, of the 7th of

November 1759

To 44d3 D° of One Company added to Lieut. Col. Keith's Corps, per D°, of the 29th of March 1760 To 82ds Off-reckonings of the Additional of the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, per D°, of the 19th of April 1760 To 82d* D° of the D°, of the 2d D°, per D°, of D° Date -

To 1 day D° of additional Companies to Col. Campbell's. Highlanders, per D°, of the 25th April 1760 -

To 2ods I)0 for 1 D° to D® Corps, per D°, of D° Date

To 172ds D* for an Augmentation tp Lieut. Col. Burgoyne's Light Dragoons, per D° of the 1 oth of May 1760 - -

To 200ds D° for additional Companies to Col. Parjlow's Regiment of Foot, per D®, of the 28th of June 1760 -

To i86d# D° for an Augmentation to Major General Elliot's Light Dragoons, per D°, of the 21st of June 1760 - -

To 172d5 D° for a D° to Lieut. Col. Hale's D °,per D°, of the 27 th of September 1760 -

To i64ds D° to 2 Troops of D° Regiment, per D°, of D° Date To 171D8 for an Augmentation of Two Fifers to Lieutenant Col. Vaughan's Corps, per D8,ofD°Ddte -

To 64'*' D° for 1 Company of D° Corps, per D°, of D° Date -To 6d* D° for D° Corps, per D°, of D° Date

lo 96*’* D of Lord Aberdour s Regiment of Light Dragoons, per D°, of the 19th of January 1760 -

To 132d‘ D° of Lieut. Col. Hales D°, per D°, of D° Date - -

To 8ods D° Lieut. Col. Burgoynes D%per D°, of D° Date

436 11 —

654 12 10

620 9 2

10 CO 8 11

329 10 9

4 r3 11

52 7 5

24 ii —

146 9 9

530 335 9 5 19 4

A. 17 6

3,082 10

2,530

2,837 10 3»577 10

-i

Geo. III.

ii° Decembris.

To 172^ D® of Two Troops added to D° Corps, per D® of the 23d of Fe-~ binary 1760 -

To 292^ D° of Coh Worge's Battalion, per D° of 14th January 1760 To 3ids D* of Lieut. Col. Coote's D®, per D® of 23d February 1760 -To 3id9 D° of Col. Draper's D®, per D® of D° Date - -

To Grass-money for Lord Anci'am's Dragoons, per Warrant of the 19th of

January 1760 ....

To D° for Lieut. General Waldegrave's Dragoon Guards, per D°of the 26th of January 1760 -

To D® for Major General Elliot's Dragoons, per D® of D® Date To D® for Lord Albemarle's Dragoons, per D°of the 19th of January 1760 To D° for the Augmentation of the Light Troop of Sir Charles Howard's Di agoon Guards, per D® of D® Date -

To D° for the D® of Lieut. General Bland's D®, per D® of the 9th of July

1760 - ....

To D° for the D® 6f Sir Charles Howard's D®, per D9 of the 23d of October 1760 ——

To D° for the Earl of Albemarle's Dragoons, per D° of D® Date To D® for the Light Troop of Lieut. General Campbell's Dragoons, per D® of the 22d of January 1760-To D°, for the D° of Sir John Mordaunt's D®, per D* of the 26th of Ja+ nuary 1760 ——

To D®, for the D® of Lieut. General Cholmondeley's D®, of D® Date -

To the Marches, Sic. of Capt. Hunt's Independent Company, per Warrant of the 30th of September 1760 -

To the D® of Capt. Napier's Division of D®, per D° of D° Date To the D® of Ellington's D°, per D° of the 23d of October 1760

362 4 9

700 18 8

50 14 8

50 14 8

1,284 9 5

*,357 835 4 7

’5 7

»>3°5 14 3

269 10

277 4 4

322 *7 6

L582 »7 6

289 8 1

GO 00 18 3

273 18 i

39 .6 9

107 1 3

"3 — 4

To Horse Furniture, and Accoutrements, for 270 Men of Major General Elliot's Regiment of Light Dragoons, per Warrant of 26th January 1760 - - - 1 >57® 2

To D®, for the Augmentation to the Royal Forrefters, per D® of the 7th of

August 1760 - - - 35° 5 —

To Horse Furniture, and Accoutrements, for the Augmentation to Lieutenant Col. Hales Dragoons, per Warrant of 26 January 1760 - - 1*330 19 —

To D®, for the D® of Col. Burgoyne's D®, per D® of D® Date - - - 1,190 17 —

goons, per Warrant of 17th May 1760 . - -

To D® on D® Account, belonging to the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards* in 1759, per D® of the 14th of June 1760 -

To D® killed or taken by the Enemy in 1758 and 1759* Lieut. General Campbell's Dragoons, in Germany, perl)® of the 26th of January 1760 To replace Accoutrements, Sic. of Col. Cary's (late Barrington's) Regiment of Foot, loft on the Expedition to the West Indies, per D* of the 3d of May 1760 -

To replace D® of Col. Gray's (late Elliott's) D®, loft on D®, per D® of D® Date ——

To replace D° of Major General Howard's D®, loft on D®, per D®, of the

9th of July 1760 - ....

To replace D® of Sir Charles Hozoard's Regiment of Dragoon Guards, loft in Germany, per D° of 23d OBober 1760 -

To replace D® of Lieut. General Napier's Regiment of Foot, loft in D®, per Warrant of the 23d of October 1760 - -

To replace D® of Lieut. General Hujke's D®, loft in D®, by D®, per D® Date ——

To replace D® belonging to the ift Battalion of the ift Regiment of Foot Guards, loft on the Coast of France, per D° of the 19th of January 1760

169 9 —

345 10 —

108 8 —

266 16 6

I78 10 5

246 5 4

94 i5 10

7°4 1 8

521 16 8

589 1 —

To the Pay of additional General and Staff Officers, to the 24th of December 1759, per War- -rant of the 28th of June 1760 - - 9,374 18 4

To the Pay of Five Under-deputy Commissaries, to the 24th oi December

1759, per Warrant of the 8th of March 1760 ----- 292 4 —

To Lieut. William Dalrymple, as Assistant to the Quarter Master General in North Britain, from the 21st of May 1756, to the 26th of May 1757, inclusive, at 4s. a Day, per Warrant of the 2d of June 1759 - - 74 — —

To 23 td* Pay of the late Major General Hopfon, to the 12th of Augujlt 1758, per D® of the 16th February 1760 - - - - 577 10 —

To 306"* Pay of Robert Boyd Esquire, as Coromissary for muttering the Hefians, for himself and Secretary, from the 28th of March 1759, to 28th January 1760, per Warrant of the 12th February 1760 - - - - 1,071 — —

To 273d* Pay of Michael Hatton Esquire, as Deputy to Mr. Hunter, from the 28th of March 1759, to the 24th of December following, per D® of D®

Date - - — — t- — - -- 82^ mm — "

To 243d* Pay of Major General Durand, as Commissary for muttering the

Vox.. 28. 11 Q

977

8,087 8 6

259 8 4

4,44* 3 6

3,2*4 <4

10,318 12 4

Combined

27$ n°

Combined Army, from the 24th of 1759. t»the 24th . of February

i7fio, »erD’ of the 45th of J/arc/< 1760 - - . ’ , " . ' , ’

To 264*Pay of 77»mar 0% Esqmre, as Super.nteudent of Forage

to the Combined Army, from the 21st of June 1759, to the 10th of JtfarcA

1760, »er Warrant of the 25th of Afarc&i 760 -

To i77* Pay of Major General ZbttW, to the 19th of 1760, /wr

D’ of the 2 2d oif 1 76o. - - - ‘ " ’

To x66J* Allowance to Lieut. Col. jfrfwer Rrowne, as CommvlTary for exchanging Prisoners of War taken in Germany, to the 8 th of September 1760? /;er D° of the 21$ of October 1760 -

To 28 id5 Pay of Lieut. General Dcjean's Regiment of Carabineers, from the 1760, to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, at £.43 4$. Sd.

Tozll^ Pay of Major General Ilanyxvood's Regiment of Horse, from the iVth of April 1760, to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, at

D° Rate - ^.....^ - . -

To 21 yls Pay of Companies added to Colonel Parjlozo’s Regiment of foot, from the 24th of May, to D°, at £.21 7 8. a Day - - " "

To 183d* Pay of jjtm Augmentation to Lieut. Coi. Vaughan's Battalion, from the 25th of June, to D°, at 10s. 6d. a Day - -

To 2ids Pay of thp Rbyat Forrefters, from the 15th of May 1760, to the 4th of June following (from which time they are voted) at £.55 17 6.

a Day ....

To 153ds Pay of an Augmentation to DYfipm 25th of July 1760, to 24th December 1760, at £.5 5. a Day - - > *

To 178ds Pay of an Independent Company, commanded by Lieutenant Downe, from 30th of June 1760, to D°, at £. 5 5 8. a Day To D* of a D% commanded by Lieut. Powlet, from D® to D®, at D® Rate - - - - . -

To D® of a D% commanded by Lieut. Tullock, from D° to D®, at D° Rate -

To D° of a D°, Gomgianded by Lieut. Townsend, from D° to D®, at D®

Rate - - ....

To D° of a Dfj -c^ainaanded by Lieut. Peyton, from D° to D°, at D° Rate -

to TK of It D®, icommanded by Lieut. Colchester, from D° to D*, at D® Rate - - - r - -

To D® of a D®, conanuipded by Lieut. Hart, from D® to D°, at D® Rate - 1 - - - r - -

To 178ds Pay of |an Independent Company of Foot, commanded by Lieut. Alder ton, from jthe 30th of June ji 760, to the 24 th of December following, both inclusive, at £.5 5 8. a Day - - -: -

To D° of a D#, commanded by Lieut New/ham, from D° to D?, at D* Rate - - - - , if - , - r -

To D° of a Df, commanded by Lieut. Cufac, from D° to D®, at D® Rate -; - - -:

To 167^ Pay of on Augmentation to the 1st Division of Independent Companies, commanded by Capt. Eirfagfan,from the nth of July to D°, at 11.?. a Day j j-

To D° of a D® tb the 2d D° of D% commanded by Capt Napier, from D* to D?, at D° Rate, . -

To D® of a D® tb the 3d D® of D®, commanded by Capt. Needham, (torn D° to D°, at p! Rate: -

To 92th D° of a|D° to the 4th D® of D°, corpmaadod by Capt Parr, from the 24th of September 11760, to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, at D° (Rate -

To i66ds Pay of au Independent Company, commanded by Lieut. Masters.

from the 12th of July 1760, to D®, at £.5 5 8 a Day To D° of a D% Comuivmded by Lieut. Janes, from D® to D°, at D® Rate - rr L. - - -»

To D° of a D°, commanded by Lieut. Gale, from D° to D®, at D®

Rate _ . ~ 7 -

To D° of a ty®, commanded by Lieut. Tracey, from D® to D® at D* Rate - ’ - - _ . \

To D° of a D°? -commanded by Lieut. Nicholson, from D® to D° at D®< Rate - - - - ______ 9

T°P’ of a Dl, commanded by. Lieut. Barclay, -from D® to D®, at D®

IvEte — — _ _ _

of a I>, commanded by Lieut. Nejbilt, from D° to D*, at D‘ To 166* Pay of an Independent Company, commanded by Lieut Jenkins

T<Rate of COm'^®(,ed b-v Lie,t- m°d> from D* to* D%’at D*

As 1

£ s. d.

857 10 —

2,640 — — 619 10 —

498 ~ —

igth of March 12,148 11 4

10,981 5 4

4.597 8 4 96 1 6

M73 7 6 8o3 5 940 8 8

940 8 8

940 8 8

940 8 8

940 8.8 940 8 8

940 8 8

940 8 8

940 8 8

946 8 8

91 17 —

91 17: — 91 17 —

50 12

8 77 — 8 877- 8

877 — 8

s77 — 8

877.- 8

877 — 8

8 77 — 8

877 — 8 $77 — . 8

6,51

jr Geo. III.

1 i *'Dec emhris':

To D® of a D®, commanded by Lieut. Grenville, from D® to D®, at*!)!

Rate - -

To i6od* Pav of a D°, commanded by Lieut. Johnson, fron^the 18th July 1760, toD®, at D® Rate -

To 143d* Pay of a D°, commanded by Lieut. Robert Campbell, from 4th of August to D®, at D® Rate - -

To D° of a D®, commanded by Lieut. Graham, from D° to D®, at D° Rate -

To D° of a D®, commanded by Lieut. Cuthbert, from D® to D®, at D® Rate - ----- . j.-

To 141Pay of a D®, commanded by Lieut. Hay, from the 6th of August to D®, at D° Rate - -

To D° of a D®, commanded by Lieut Fletcher, from D° to D®, at D° Rate -

To 94d‘ Pay of a. D®, commanded by Lieut. Walcott, from the 22d of September 1760, to D°, at D° Rate ——

To 93d* Pay of a D° commanded by Lieut Moore, from the 23d of September 1760, to D°, at D® Rate -

To D° of a D® commanded by Lieut. Slorach, from D° to D®, at D° Rate - -

To qi* Pay of a D®, commanded by Lieut. Gordon, from the 14th of September to D®, at D® Rate - - - - -;

To DJ of a Dc commanded by Lieut. Sterling, from D® to D®, at D® Rate -

To D® of a D®, commanded by Lieut. Paterjbn, from D® to D°, at D® Rate To Q2dl Pay of an Independent Company, commanded by Lieut. Dodd,from the 24th of September 1760, to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, at £. 5 5 § a Day -

To 91^ Pay of a D\ commanded by Lieut. Peters, from the 25th of September 1760, to D°, at D® Rate -To D° of a D°, commanded by Lieut. Cleiland,- from D° to D®, at D° Rate - -

To i27ds Pay of an Highland Independent Company, commanded by Lieut.

Peter Gordon, from the 20th of August 1760, to D®, at D® Rate -To i22d* D® of a D®, commanded by Lieut. Ludowick Grant, from 25th of August 1760, to D®, at D° Rate -To D® of a D®, commanded by Lieut. Ross, from D® to D°, at D® Rate - - - - . - -

To 11 id* D® of a D®, commanded by Lieut* Niel Campbell, from 5th Sept-tember 1760, to D®, at D® Rate - -

To 93di D® of a P®, commanded by Lieut. Alexander Macdonald, from 23d September 1760, to D®, at D° Rate -To 92"' D® of a D°, commanded by Lieut. John Mackargh, from 4th September 1760, to D® at D® Rate - - - 1 - J -

To 93* D® of a D° commanded by Lieut, Barber, from the 23d of September 17§0, to D°, at D° Rate -

877 - 8 845 6 8 755 10 755 10 4 755 10 4 744 19 — 744 19 — 496 11 8

7 — 7‘- 4

491

49*

486

486 1 4

486 1 4

486 1 4

480 15 8

480 x 5 8

670 19 8

644 11 4

644 xi 4 586 9 — 49* 7 —

486 I 4

491 7 —

To John Calcraft Esquire, for recruiting General Shirley's late Regiment per Warrant of the 10th of Mtty 1760 -

To the Earl of Kinnoull, late Paymaster General, to replace the like Sum advanced by him for Levy-money, &c. for D® Regiment, per D® of D°

Date - - 5,152 X

To Lieut. General Shirley, for transporting Recruits, and for Subsistence, to

his late Regiment, per D® of 17th May 1760 - 598 19

4S5 5 5

To 130d‘ Pay of the Monmouthshire Militia, from the 17th of March to the 24th of July 1760, at £. 14 1 8 a Day - , - - *1,830 16 8

To ?53d, Pay of D®, from the 25th of July to the 24th of December 1760, at

£.12 3 a Day - -1,85819 —

To 307^ Pay of the Durham D®, from the 226 February to the 24th of December 1760, at 21 6 8 a Day - -

To 246di D° of the Cornish D®,. from the 23d of April 1760 to D®, atjf. 30 10 4 a Day - -

To 73d' D® of the Buck inghamftf ire P®, from the 13th of May t*]6o, to the 24th of July following, both inclusive, at £. 27 14 8 a Day - 2,024 to 8

To 153d* D° of D®, from the 25th of July 1760, to the , 34th of December following at £. 27 11 a Day - - 4,215 3 —

To 229^ D® of the South Battalion of the Hampshire Ditto, from the 10th of May 1760, to D°, at£. 20 10 10 a Day -

To 175d* D® of the Leicester D®, from the 3d of July 1760, to D®, at 25 8 2 a Day -

V,ol. a8.

3,689 15 8

6,549 6 8

7>5°7 —

6,239 13 8

4,704 — 10 4,446 9 2

6r,3o3

6*236 6 3

To

980

11

Decembris

To 164* D® of the Denbighshire D° from the 14th of July 1760, to D#, at £- 16 16 2 a Day - -

To 152*’ D° of the Cumberland D°, from the 26th of July 1760, to D®, at JT. 15 15 id a Day i -

2,756 it 4

To an additional Allowance for Clothing for the Brecknock Militia,per Warrant of 8th of March 1760 To D°, for the Huntingdon D®, per D®, of the 26th of January 1760 To D® for the Rutlandjhirt T>9,per D® of the 9th of February 1760 To an additional Allowance for Clothing for the East Riding of Yorkshire Militia, /ter Warrant of the 9th of February 1760 To D® for the Battalion of the Westnwreland D°, per D* of the 3d of May 1760 -

To D® for the Battalion of the Durham D®, per D° of D® Date To D° for the Buckingham/hire D°, per D® of the 2 ill of June 1760 To D® for the Cornwall D®, per D® of D° Date -To D® for the Monmoulhshire D", per D° of the 3d of May 1760 To D* for the South Battalion of the Hampshire D°, per D® of the 21st of June 1760 -

To D® for the North Battalion of D®p^r D® of the 19th of January 1760 To D° for the Carmarlhenshire D®, per D® of the 19th of December 1759 — To D® for the Leicestershire D®, per D® of the 10th of September 1760 To D® for the Flintshire D°, per D® of 26th January 1760 To D® for the Northumberland D®, per D® of the 9th of February 1760 To D° for the Bedford/hire D°, ])er D° of the 3d of May 1760 To D® for the Denbighshire D®, perD9 of the nth of October 1760 To D° for the Pembroke/hire D°, per D° of 27 th February 1760 To D® for the Cheshire D°, per D® of the 6 th of January 1760 ' -

To the Marches, 8fc, of the Somerfefshire Militia, per Warrant of the 19th of December 1759 -

To D® of the Norfolk D®, to the 26th of November 1759, per D® of the 19th of January 1760 -

To the Marches, &Cc. of the Clevland and Bulmer Militia, per Warrant o]

8th of March 1760 -

To the D® of the Richmcndshire D°, to the 24th of December 1759, per I the 7th of June 1760 - -

To the D® of the North Battalion of the Lincolnshire D®, from the 27th of October 1759, to the 24th of June 1 760, per D° of the 20th of August 1760 -

To the D® of the South Battalion of the D®, per D° of D® Date To the D® of the Berkshire D®, per D° of 30th August 1760 To the D° of the 3d Battalion of the Devonshire D®, per D® of the 20th of August 1760 - -

To the D® of the 4th Battalion of D® Regiment, per D° of Ditto Date To the D® of the West Kent D®, per D® of D® Date

2,400 6 8

*97 1 I 8

378 *3 4

146 1 8

473 6 8

296 5 —

476 *3 4

657 *5 —

771 5 —

*98 9 7

5" 5 10

1 569 11 8

22-2 3 9

677 l9 7

*45 5 —

658 *9 2

461 10 10

33* 6 8

*97 10 —

681 — 10

9* 12 8

I 204 % 16 9

51 r 5 10

86 3 4

229 4 —

281 16 6

81 T9 6

69 19 5 59 8 4 *79 9 5

To Camp Necessaries for the Use of the Militia, per Warrant of the 9th of

February 1760 ----- 1,043 5 10

To D® for the South Battalion of the Gloucestershire D®, per D® of the 17th

of May 1760 - 255 2 —

To* 100 Forage for the following Corps of Militia, per Warrant of the 14th of June 1760 5 viz. Berkshire Regiment - - - - _ - 172 10-

South Battalion the Gloucestershire - - - 14710 —

Dorfct/hire Regiment - - 205-----

Wiltshire D° - - - - 195 — —

Bedfordshire Battalion - n - - - - 13210- —

To Robert Gardner Esqu ire on Account, for providing Bread, Bread Waggons, and Horses, for the Forces encamped in North Britain, per Warrant of the 8th of January 1760 - -- -- - 3,000 — —

To Robert Gardner Esquire, for Necessaries for the Forces in North Britain, and for the Charges of Encampments, Kc. per Warrant of the 23d of February 1760- - - - - 785 1 8

To William Caulfield. Esquire, upon Account for Roads and Bridges to be built in North Britain during this present Year, per Warrant of the 23d of June 1760 - 4>4-3 4

To D° for defraying the Expence of repairing the D* there, per Warrant of

the 7th of March 1760 - 500 *""®

'I'oTliomas Lcjlie Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions laid up in Store in Fort George, North Britain, per Warrant of the 8th of January 1760 - - - 450 — —

To D® for Oatmeal, Fire, and Candles, for several Garrisons in North Britain, from the 25th of December 1758, to the 24th of December 1759, per D*

of the 23d of February 1760 ----- 2,551 12 10

A. 1760.

38,293

8,15214 7

1.335 *5 9

1,298 7 10

852 10 —

3,785 1 8

4»923 4 —

3,001 12 10 To

I Geo. III. n°

To Lord George Beauderck, for the like Sum expended by him on diverse Occasions in North

Britain, per Warrant of the loth of May ] 760 - -

To John Cathcart Esquire, Director of the Hospitals, for various Services, per '

Warrant of the 8th of March 1760 ----- 3,000______

To D° for Tent Blankets for the Forces ordered to encamp, and other incidental Services which may occur during this Campaign, per D° of the 17th

of June 1760 - - 2,000-----

To D°, upon Account, for various Services, per D° of the 10th of September

l76°..... -.....1 >500-----

To Mr. Gamier, for Medicines for the Forces in the Years 1759 and 1760, per Warrant of the 4th of AuguJl 1760 -

To Benjamin Martin Esquire, upon Account, but to complete the Sum of^. 1,500 for purchating Presents for the Creek Indians, per Warrant of the 28th of April

1760 - -- -- .- -- -300'-----

To 13° for the Charges of the Scout Boat in Georgia, from the 28 th of November 1758, to the 27 th of November 1759, inclusive, and for Provisions for the Detachments from the Companies at South Carolina, to the faicl time, per Warrant of the 7th of June 1760 - 414 12 8

To a Bill drawn by the Earl of Home, payable to John Norman Esquire, for Services at Gibraltar,per Warrant of 22d Apr. 1760 ----- 3,405 9 3

To D° drawn by D°, payable to D° for Services at D°,per D° of the 29th of

September 1760 - -- - 2,284 5

To a Bill drawn by the Earl of Home, payable to Mr. Tierney on account of the Redemption of his Majesty s Subjects in Morocco, &c. per Warrant of the 23d of June 1760 ——

To a Bill drawn by William Newton Esquire, Governor of Goree, payable to Tobias Lijle, by Endorsement to Nathanael Bafjhet for the Purchase of a Sloop for the Use of the Garrison

there, per Warrant of the 22d of Januaryj 1760.....- -

To a Bill drawn by Richard Worge Esquire, Governor of the Forts on the River Senegal, payable to John Cater aft Esquire, on Account, for the Contingencies of the Garrison there.

per Warrartt of 7th Feb. 1760 - -- -- - 1,143 2 7

To a Bill drawn by D», payable toD% on Account, for the Use of D° Forts, and for Presents for the several Kings on D* River,per D° of the 21st of July 1760.....2,814 13 8

To satisfy Bills drawn by Governor Murray, dated the 25th of June last, for Provisions for the Garrison of 2 uebec, per Warrant of the 15th of September 17G0 -

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Henry Moore Esquire, Lieut. Governor of Jamaica, for the Service of the Musquito Shore, per Warrant of the 8th of September 1760 -To Mr. Vardy to several Artificers for completing the Office of the Judge Advocate General, per Warrant of the 7th of June 1760 - 851 2 —

To D° to D* for Work done in the Tilt-yard, Scotland-yard, Savoy Barracks,

in 1759, per D° of D° Date.....- 403 8 2

To D° to D* for D° done at Whitehall, Kensington, Hampton Court, in D#

Year, per D° of D° Date - -- 970 3 10

To pay Bills drawn by Capt. Mi Hedge for Subsistence, Sic. of his Troop of Rangers in Georgia, per Warrant of the 24th of March 1760 ——

To Lord Blakenaj, in full of the Balance due to him upon his Account as late Lieut. Governor of Minorca, for the Contingencies of the Garrison of that Place, from the 30th of May 1748, to the 7 th of Ju ly 1756, per Warrant of the 9th of January 1760 -To Messieurs Fisher and Pearce, Clothiers, for Freight and Insurance in fending Clothing to the Invalids doing Duty at fundrv Garrisons, per Warrant of the 22d of January 1760 To M r. Car, Secretary to Lord Ligonier, for the Service of the Army, per Warrant of the 26th of January 1 760 -

To Admiral Knozvles, for 400 Suits of French Clothing bought by him for the Use of the Troops* on the Expedition to Rochfort, per Warrant of the 28th of February 1760 To Lieut. Col. Pierson, for providing an Equipage on his being appointed Superviforof the Commissmes to the Combined Army, per Warrant of the 14th of May 1760 -To Lieut. Colonels Grant and Robertson of Regiments serving in North America, on account of Expences they have been at in attending Lord Charles //ay’s Trial, per D°of 17th May 1760 -

To Major Robert Ross, Captains James Abercrombie, Alexander Moneypenny, and Christopher French, on D* Account, per Warrant of the 28th of April 1760 -

To Mr. Calc raft, for receiving and fending to Louijbourg 2000 Sets of Bedding for the Forces there, per D° of the 3d of March 1760 ——

To D°, in Reimhurfement of Part of the Subsistence of Lord Forbes's Regiment (of which he is Agent) expended by the Governor of Goree, between the 15th of January 1759 and the 14th of June following, in Repairs of that Place, per Warrant of the 22d of January 1760 -To I^ady Fawkener, in Discharge of the Balauce due to the late Sir Everard Fawkener, as Secretary to his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, for contingent and fee ret Services of the Forces, from the Year 1745 to 1749, per D® of the 16th of June 1760 -

To Major General Wa/foji, for settling and visiting the several Encampments in Great Britain, Vor.. 28. n R

981

6,500 — 6,30513 1

714 12 8

5,690 7 8 10*369 5 3 120 — —

3.957 16 3 3,402 16 4 613. 4 9

2,224 14

168 9 9

5»i42 a 2

266 18 4

550 — —

692 14 4

500 — —

200 — —

400 — —

1,519 14 6 808 10

1,903 15 1

flOB*

11° Decemhrisr A. 1760.

from the 24th of January 1759, to the 24th of January 1760, per D° of the 9th of 1700

To Messieurs Weald, Carlton, and severs, in Discharge of Shipping furnished by them, for the Draughts from Dublin to Par legate, per D° of the 24th of June 1760 -

To William Henry Lyttelton Esquire, late Governor of South Carolina, for Services performed

there, per D* of the 30th of June 1760....

To 12 Months Pay of supernumerary Captains, to the 24th of June 1760 -To the additional Pay of Two Surgeons Mates, to the 24th of December 1759 To the Pay of Three Surgeons Mates in Germany, from the 26th of March to the 24th of June 1759 -

To Mr. Lee, Surgeon, for curing ruptured Soldiers in the Year 1760,per Warrant of the 3d of May 1760 -

To the Representatives of Pierre Not let. Contractor in the late War, as the Balance of his Account, per Warrant of the 4th of August 1760 -

To the Subsistence of Two Troops added to Lieut. Col. Rurgoyne's Dragoons, per D°of the 16th of February 1760 -

To 304^ Pay of Major Sir Hugh Williams, in lieu of a Company in Col. Craufurd's Light Infantry, from the 21st of July 1759, to the 24th of June 1760, per D° of the 21st of June

1760 -....

To Sir James Colebrooke, and Arnold Ncjbitt Esquire, in Advance for Coals sent to Quebec, per D° of the 30th of September 1760 -

War-Office, nth of December 1760.

Barrington.

103 2 11

3.597 l6 10

464 14

2 >99 7 10 —

18 6

68 5 —

200 — —

’>585 2 6

1,078 6 10’

170 — —

3,000 — —

1,267,903 12 6

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Account of Ti)e House being informed, That Mr. Wilford, from sex^2ucr the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pui suant to their Order,

A11 Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills

made out in pursuance of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act; for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards naval Services for the Year 1760.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance of the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year 1760.

The Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuance of the above Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Two hundred

Thirty-two thousand Pounds; viz.

£. s. d.

To the Treasurer of the Navy towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Nay, - 1,000,000-----

To Ditto for Naval Services, for the Year 1760 - - 50,000_______

To the Treasurer of the Ordnance, towards Sea Services in th<e Office of Ordnance - - 182,000-----

Exchequer, the 1 itb Day of December9 1760.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Maison A Petition of Benjamin Maifonneuve, of the Parish of naive’* Nat. Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, Jeweller, was presented to the House, and read: Praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Liis Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cartwright, Sir Charles Mordaunt, and Mr. Jarrit Smith9 do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Heaih’i Mr. Fdlowes reported from the Committee, to whom Nau the Bill for naturalizing Bose Marie Heath, Wife of Ben* jaminHeath Esquire, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegation of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had *7

£ 1,232,000-----

Edward Wilford.

directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Mr. Callhorpe presented to the House, according to Fishert® Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Bridg-RasL Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in Wcji Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbury, in the County of Wills: And the same was received; and read the First time.

liefolved, 'That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hezcelt reported from the Committee, to whom GarlwW the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Moor Road. Tradesmen, Farmers, and others, of the North Riding of the County of York; and also of the Gentlemen,

Clergy,

Supply.

i Geo. III. . 110 — -i 2° Decembris. 983

Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and others, of the County of Durham; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the jfame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Ralph Lodge and Mr. Robert Wenfley, being examined, severally laid, That the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, near Didderjley Hilly to and through the Town of Caldwell, in the County of York, and from thence to and through Win-flon, in the County of Durham, to Stai?idrop, in the said County and also the Roads leading from the said Turnpike Road, near Smallways, to and through the Town of Hutton-long Fillers, in the said County of York, and from thence to and through the Town of Oinngton, to the Ford across the River Tees, to Winslow,\w the said County of Durham; are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Parts very narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be effectually widened and repaired by the Laws in being.

And the Witnesses further said. That the Ford across the River Tees, from the Yorkshire Side, to Winslow, in the County of Durham, is very dangerous, and frequently impassable, by Reason of the frequent Floods in the said River: That the repairing and widening the said Roads (upon which great Quantities of Coals are carried), and the building a Bridgea cross the said River at or near the said Ford, will make a more commodious and near Communication between the North-Welt Parts of the County of York and the South W eft-Parts of the County of Durham, and be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants and ^Traders thereof, and to the Public in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making, amending, widening, turning, and repairing, the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road upon Gatheiiey Moor, near Didderjley Hill, to and through the Town of Caldxvell, in the County of York, and from thence to and through the Town of Winslow, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Staindrop, in the said County; and also from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, to and through the Town of Hutton long Fillers, in the said County of York, and from thence to and through the Town of Ovington, to the Ford across the River Tecs, to the Town of Winjion, in the said County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the River Tees, at or near Winsion Ford: And that Mr. Hewett and Mr. Thornton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to discharge the like Sum raised in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament., and charged upon the First Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

Rcjhlvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be applied towards the improving, widening, and enlarging, the Passage over and through London Bridge.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

’ A Bill to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company, was read a Second time.

And the Bill having no Blank therein;

Ordered, That the Bill be iugrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 12° die Decembris;

Anno i° Georgii IIItil Regis, 1760. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizingifo/e Marie Heath, Wife of Benjamin, Heath Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Rose Marie Heath, Wife of Benjamin Heath Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, byhis Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of 39,773 Men of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttel, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Buckeburgg, from the 25th December 1760, to the 24th December 1761, both inclusive, being 365 Days^ and al so,

Estimate of the Charge of 22,404 Men, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1761; and also,

Estimate of the Charge of 1,205 Cavalry, and 2,208 Infantry, the Troops of the reigning Duke of Brun-fivick, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1761, pursuant to Treaty; and also,

Estimate of the Charge of FiveBattalions serving with his Majesty’s Army in Germany, each Battalion con-sifting of One Troop of Dragoons of 101 Men, and Four Companies of 125 Men in each Company, with a Corps of Artillery, for 365 Days, from the 25th December 1760, to the 24th December 1761, both inclusive.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Vov X%f

ESTIMATE

S'mth Sea Company.

Heath’s

Nat.

Estimates of Hanoverian &c. Troops.

98 4 12® Decembris. A. 1760.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 39,773 Men, of the Troops of Hcmover, Wolfenbuttel, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Buckeburggy from the 25th December 1760, to 24th December 1761, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Numbers.

H ANOVE RIANS. General and Staff Officers £ d. £. s. d. 11,022 15 42

CAVALRY. One TroOp of Horse Guards -One Troop of Horse Grenadiers -Eight Regiments of Horse -Four Regiments of Dragoons - INFANTRY. Two Battalions of Foot Guards Twenty-one Battalions of Foot - Artillery - *9* 185 Z,ij2 2,86o 1.824 18,496 6,108 20,220 !>329 4.204 3 1 2.505 5 4 41,328 — ' *1 37,077 11 — i3.57» 5 7i 141,033 16 10 — — — 85.115 — 5h 154,605 2 5I 19,431 6 ii

For the Troops and Companies of Chasseurs, Hussars, and Hunters - - - - - m _ 3.817 48,042 9 —

Pay of the Officers and others belonging to the Pontoons - - 1.241 1 3

Pay of the Officers and others belonging to the Hospitals — - - - 9»527 — 3

Total for the Troops of Hanover - - - 3*»574 328,984 14 n-i

Troops of Wolfenbuttel ----- 6,092 - 50,018 3 —

Troops of Saxe Gotha ----- 842 - 6,718 18 7

Troops of Buckeburgg ----- 1.265 - 12,412 — 6

Total for - - - 39.773 - - - 398.!33 '7

An Allowance to Prince Ferdinand - 12,703 3 10

Extraordinary Allowance of half a Pound of Meat a Day to es£ch Soldier, for 12 Months - 53,037 18 2f

Total - - - 39.773 - - 463,874 19 ii

War Office, 12th December 1760.

Barrington.

ESTIM AT E of the Charge of 22,404 Men, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cajfd% in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1761.

Numbers.

365 Days German Pay for 2,120 Cavalry, with General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, from 25th December 1760, to the 24th December £ s- d-

1761 365 Days German Pay for 9,900 Infantry, with the Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, from 25th December 1760, to 24th 2,120 66,770 5 4r

December 1761 Ordinary Subsidy, at the Rate of 225,000, Crowns a Year, from 25th December 9>9°° 120,986 6 gf

1760 to 24th December 1761 365 Days German Pay for an additional Corps of 020 Horse, and 6,072 Foot, with General and Staff Officers, Officers of the Hospitals, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, from the First Day of January 54,140 12

1761, to the 31st December following ----- Extraordinary Allowance of Half a Pound of Meat a Day to each Soldier, for 6,992 97,582 17 i°r

12 Months - -- - - -- --An Augmentation to the Horse, Dragoons, and Foot, and of Two Squadrons of Hussars, and Two Companies of Chasseurs, from the 25th December 1760, to 24th December 1761; viz. Augmentation to the Regiments of Horse - - - 240 Augmentation to 2 Regiments of Dragoons - - - 176 Augmentation to 12 Regiments of Foot ----- -2,520 Augmentation to Companies of Chasseurs on Foot - - - 16 26,463 4 —

Two Squadrons of Hussars - -- -- - 240 Two Companies of Chasseurs - 200 2,95* 37,249 6 71 Q L

440 11,239 —

Total - - - 22,404 4I5.431 *3 10

War Office, 12th December 1760.

Barrington*

ESTIMATE

i Geo. III. i 2°Decembrh. 985

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 1,205 Cavalry, and 2,108 Infantry, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1761, pursuant to Treaty.

Numbers. £ s. d.

365 Days German Pay for 1,205 Cavalry, artd 2,208 Infantry, with General and Staff Officers, and Officers and others of the Train of Artillery^ from 25th December 1760, to 24th December 1761 - 3.413 37,947 17 10

Ordinary Subsidy at the Rate of 82,400 Crowns a Year - iq,8^o 18 2

To make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted last Session of Parliament for the Troops of Bnujwkk, to the 24th December 1760 - — — 2,569 10 —

Total - 3.413 60,368 6 —

War Office, 12th December 1760.

Barrington.

E S T I M A T E of the Charge of Five Battalions serving with his Majesty’s Army in Germany, e<bh Battalion confiding of One Troop of Dragoons of 101 Men, and Four Companies of 125 Men in each Company, with a Corps of Artillery, for 365 Days, from the 25th December 1760, to the 24th December 1761, both mclusive.

lumbers. £ d.

Artillery 50 64O 4 1

five Battalions - - - 3,060 24,864 2 7

Total - 3>110 25,504 6 8

War Office, 12th December 1760,

Barrington.

Gresham

College.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie Upon the Table, to be perdfed by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and of the General Court of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the said City, was presented to the House, and read: alleging, That Sjr Thomas Gresham Knight, having, at his own Charge, built the Royal Exchange, in the City of London, upon Cirpund purchased by Subscription, did, by his Will, dated the 5th Day of July 1575, direct, that the said Exchange should, after the Determination of certain Uses and Estates, long fmee expired, remain unto the Mayor and Commonalty and Ciiizens of the said City, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Myfter v of the Mercers of the said City, upon Trull, to pay certain yearly Sums, amounting to £.603. 6s. 8d. and, amongst others, the yearly Sum of £. 350. for the Maintenance of Seven Lecturers, in Divinity, Allronomy, Music, Geometry, Law, Physic, and Rhetoric, within his then Dwelling-house in the said City, now called Gresham College, and the yearly Sum of £..58. 6^. 8d. to Eight Alms Folks; and that the said Testator willed that Eight Alms Houses, at the Back of his said Dwell ing-house, should remain to the said Maj'orand Commonalty and Citizens, upon Trull, to permit the said Alms Folks to enjoy the fyme; and that his said House, with the Gardens, Stables, and Appurtenances thereof, should, after the Determination of the Uses, Estates, and Interests, aforesaid, remain to the said May or and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, and to the said Wardens and Commonalty of the said Mystery, upon Trull, to permit the said Seven Lecturers to have the Occupation thereof, to inhabit, itudy, and daily read the said Lectures; and that the said Two Corporations, some time in or about the Year 1596, entered upon the Trull Estate aforesaid, the net Rents and Profits whereof so little exceeded t hey early Payments di rented by t belaid Tellator’s Will, that at the time of the dreadful Fire, in the Year Vol. 28.

1666, the Balance of Calli arising therefrom, did not amount to the Sum of£. 250; and that the Royal Exchange (the foie Fund for the said yearly Payments) being totally dellroyed by the said Fire, was foonafterwards rebuilt by the said Two Corporations, at ajointExpenoeof no less than £.58,96 2. besides^.7,017. 1 inlaid out in the Purchase of Grounds for enlarging the fame; and that, by the Removal of the several Shopkeepers, who used formerly to carry on their Trades in the Rooms over the said Exchange, the net Rents and Revenues thereof are now barely sufficientto answer the said yearly Payments, so as to afford any Probability of the said Corporations being ever reimbursed their said principal Monies and Interest, much less of their being able to rebuild the said College and Alms Houses, now grown very ancient and decayed, or effectually to repair die said Exchange, unless the said Trull Estate be considerably improved beyond its present Value; and that the said College and Alms Houses, Handing in a very advantageous Situation, the Ground thereof, together with the Addition of some Pieces of Ground contiguous thereto, might be let to very great Advantage upon Building Leases, and laid out in a Manner more useful, as well as ornamental, to the Public, and the said Corporations at the same time be better enabled to answer the Spirit and Intention of the said Teltator’sWill, by securing the Continuance of the Payments thereby directed; and that the said Corporations, in case they shall be authorized to make such Improvements, are willing and desirous to erect or provide a proper and convenient Place for the public Exhibition of the said Lectures, agreeable to thesaidTellator’sIntention; and also to make such additional Allowances to the Readers of the said Lectu res, for the Timebeing,aslhall bethought an adequate Corn-pen fation for the Apartments now enjoyed by them, and also to erect or provide a decent and airy Habitation for the said Alms Folks, for the Time being, equally comfortable and convenient with their present Habitations; but forasmuch as the said Corporations cannot, without the Authority of Parliament, pull down the said College and Alms Houses, and instead thereof build Houses for

11 S Merchants

Arrays

Mutiny

and

Desertion.

Grampound

Koad.

apply.

98 6 12° — 15

Merchants, or others, or let the Ground upon building Leases, or sell and dispose of such Parts thereof as cannot conveniently be converted to that End, or purchase such other Grounds,contiguous thereto, as may beneceffary for making the same more regular and commodious; therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better enabling the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and the said Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery aforesaid, to perform the Trulls appointed by the Will of the said Sir Thomas Grc/Iiam, or that the said Corporations may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coii-fideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Glynn, Mr. Samuel Marlin, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Nugent, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cooke, Mr. PUmpire, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Warrenf Mr. Hanger, Lord Thomond, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Chester, Mr. Burrell, Lord North, Mr. Price, Mr. West, Mr. Harris, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. More, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Forrefter, Mr. Gore, Mr. Starkie, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Thomas Gore, Dr. Simpson, Mr. Henry Grenville, Mr. Drake, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Vansittart, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Willy, Lord Middleton, Mr Coke, Sir George Halftone, Mr. Crafter, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Campbell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, E/Jex, and Hertford', and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Cramponnd, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of St. Au-Jlell, and Lostwithiel, and from thence to the East End of the Western TaphouJbLane, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hujfey, Mr. Thornton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Price, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Hexcett, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Gore, Mr. Anson, Lord Strange, Mr. Fellowes, Sir George Dalfion, Mr. Pole, Mr. Drake, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Coke, Mr. Sandys, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Starkie, General Cornwallis, Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole, Mr, Trift, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Thomas Gore, Admiral Pocock, Mr. Coventry, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Veitch, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Admiral Townsend, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Francis Drake, Doctor Simpson, Sir John Gibbons, Lord Thomond, Sir James Calebrooke. Lord Middelton, Sir Wyndham Knatch-bull Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

16

Decembris. A. 17 (So.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance of the Act, passed inthelaftSelfion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Commi t tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was-directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luncz% 150 die Decembris;

Anno i° Georgii IIIm Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Frederick Rafch was presented .1. V. to the House, and read; praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kynaston and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Dilke Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Ryton, otherwise Ruyton upon Dunfmore, in the County of Warwick, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in certain open and common Fields in the Parish of Ryton, otherwise Ruyton upon Dunfmore, in the said County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners lie intermixed and dispersed in the said Fields, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and alleging, that if the said Fields were divided and inclosed, and specifie Shares allotted to each Proprietor, according to their respective Interests, it would bea great Improvement of their several Estates, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-, suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of common Lands, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, commonable Lands, and Tythes or Modules

payable1

War, and Meant


Rafch*s Nat,

fcytwi

Inclosurt

Mortfna Pinkney inclosure;

Berw ick Wril.

Taphouse hrough Lif-:card Road.

I Geo. III. 150 Decemhris, 987

Jayable in lieu thereof, lying and arising within the ville, Mr.-Bacon, Sir John Morgan', Mr. Tmcnfticnd, Sir ields, Liberties, Territories, Precincts, and Township, John Gordon, Mr. Morton, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Faza-of More ton Pinkney, in the County of Northampton, and kerlcy-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of others, Owners and Proprietors of certain Messuages, of Cornwall, Devon, Somerset, and Dorset: And they Cottages, or Tenements, in Moreton Pinkney aforesaid, are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per-That there is,in the said Liberties, Territories, Precincts, Tons, Papers, and Records, and Township, One large open and common Field,

called or known by the Name of Moreton Pinkney Field, A Bill for amehding, widening* and keeping in Re- fiflwrtoit containing Forty-two Yard Lands, or thereabouts, with pair, the Road leading from Fiflier ton Bridge to the BndgeRotd. the common and other Lands thereto belonging; and Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge in WestKnoyle, and alleging, that the Petitioners, and divers others, are, from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West, together, seised or possessed of, and are the Owners and End of Heylesbury, in the County of Wilts, was read a Proprietors of, all the Lands, Grounds, Pastures, Com- Second time.

vnons, and Tythes or Moduses payable in lieu thereof, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cal-

lying and arising within the Fields, Liberties, Territo- thorpe, Mr. /;/£, SirCharlesMordaunt, Mr. Thornton, ries, Precincts, and Town Hi ip aforesaid; and that the Mr. Charlton, Mr* Kynaston, Lord Strange, Mr. Fuller, said several Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr* of others, Land-owners and Proprietors of the said open Trijl, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Coventry, Mr* and common Fields,lie intermixed and dispersed in small Thoroton, Sir JolnvMorgan, Mr. Hewett, General Corn-Parcels in and over the fame, and are moll of them in- wallis, Mr. Montagu, Lord Middleton, Mr. Hujfey, Mr. conveniently situated, and are, in their present Situation, Cholmley, Mr. Fellozves, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Probyn, incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Hume, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Buller, Mr*

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, Elliott, Mr. Samuel Martin, Admiral Griffith Mr. Rose inclosing, assigning, and allotting, the said common Fuller, General Stamcix, Mr. Peter Burrell, Lord Mac-Field, common Meadows, common Pastures, common duff, Mr. Reynolds, Sir William Maynard, Mr. TozvnJ*

Grounds, and commonable Lands, or such other Relief head. Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Fazakerlcy, Mr. Luttrell, in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet. Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir John Turner, Mr. Thynne,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Charles Boone, fnant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Calvert, Mr. George Delaval-, and all the Members Mr. Cartwright and Sir Charles Mordaunt do prepare, who serve for the Countiesof Wilts, Somerset, Gtoucejlei and bring in, the fame. and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ for the Mr. Tucker reported from the Committee, to whom Weymouth

electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Par- the Bill for repairing and widening several Roadsleading Road*,

liament for the Shire of Berwick, in the room of the to and through the Towns of Weymouth, Melcombe Re-honourable Ale.zander Hume Campbell Esquire, deceased.' gis, and Dor chef cr, in the County of Dorset, was com-

milted. That the Committee had examined the Alle

A Petition of the Sheriff, Jufi ices of the Peace, Gen- gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and tlemen. Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and of, and inhabiting within and near, the Towns and Bo- made several Amendments thereunto; which they had roughs of Lojlwithiel, Lijkeard, and Saint Germans, in directed him to report to the House; and he read the

the County of Cormvall, whose Names are thereto sub- Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

feribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where forth, That the high Road leading from the Eastern End the Amendments were once read throughout; and then of West Taphouse Lane, through the several Parishes of a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Broad Oak, SaintPinnock, and Lijkeard, to and through severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House, the Borough of Lijkeard, and through the Parish of Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Menheniot, to and over a certain Water called Butter don ingrossed.

Water, to a House on the other Side called Coomb Row

House, in the Parish of Saint Ive, in the said County; Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Edinburgh and also from the said Borough of Lijkeard, through the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Shire Writ, the Parishes of Lijkeard, Menheniot, Saint Germans, the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Sheviock, Antony, and Maker, to the Passage called Parliament for the Shire of Edinburgh, in the room of CrimblePassage, on this Side the River Tamar, is very Robert Dundajs Esquire, who, finee his Election for the ruinous, and dangerous to Passengers, and for the moll said Shire, hath accepted the Oflice of Lord President Part so very narrow, that Wheel Carriages cannot pass of the College of Justice in Scotland. ajong the same without the greatest Difficulty; and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effecttially An ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty to be Governor South Sen amended, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore of the South Sea Company, was read the Third time. Company, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said be, An Act to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the r Road, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet. South Sea Company.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordered, That Mr. Vice Chamberlain do carry the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

shall appear to them, to the House: A Petition of the Lord of the Manor, Rector, and Morrelby

And it is referred to Mr. Elliot, Mr. Fullei', Mr. Of principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Morrejby, in the Indofuri. wald, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and Charlton, Mr Martin, Mr. Champion, Mr. Gore, Sir read; setting forth. That there is, within the said Manor Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cartiuright, Mr. Cocks, Mr. and Parish, a large open Common, which* in its present Tucker, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Thornton, Sir Francis Poole, Condition, is of little Use or Benefit to the Petitioners;

Mr. More, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Felbwes, Sir John Rushout, and alleging, that if the same was divided into specific Mr. Trift, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Allotments to the several Proprietors, it would beacon-Thoroton, Mr. While, Mr. Shirley, Admiral Griffin, Mr. iiderabie Improvement to the Petitioners Properties, and Plumptrc, General A"Court, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gren- an Advantage to the Public: And therefore praying,

Vol. 28. That

Newington

Butts

Rc&ory.

Supply.

JHailonncuve’s

Nat.

Supply.

98 8 15 Decembris. A. 1760*

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, with such Regulations and Provisions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fnant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Boone and Mr. Roje Fuller do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Samuel Ilojley, Clerk, Rector of the Parish and Panfli Church of Saint Marij, Nezcington Butts, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioner, in Right of his said Rectory, is seised of certain Glebe Lands, containing Seven Acres, and Three Quarters, or thereabouts, adjoining to the great high Road leading from the Borough of Southzcark to the South of England, and extending on the Side of the said Road Eight hundred and Sixty-five Feet and an Half, which Lands are very conveniently situated for building Houses upon for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and setting forth, that there are now Handing, on Part of the said Glebe Lands, a small public House, known by the Sign of the Queen'* Head, a small Cottage, and a Barn, belonging to the said Rectory, which are old, and in bad Condition; and that if Powers were granted for pulling them down, it would render any Buildings to be erected on the said Glebe Lands more commodious; and further alleging, that great Benefit would accrue to the said Redtory, if the Rector for the Time being was enabled to grant a I.ease or Leases of the said Lands and Premiles for a Term of Years, sufficient to encourage Performs to build thereon: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, or his Successors, to grant such Lease or I^eases as aforesaid, for such Term, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Rose Fuller, and Mr. IVefl, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refolntion which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One million Two hundred and Thirty-two thou land Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to pay off and discharge such Exchequer Bills as were made out before the Eleventh Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Seftron of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year one thousand Seven hundred and Sixty $ and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

The said Reftylution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Benjamin Maifonneuve: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve it lei f into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinaries incurred to the 19th Day of November 1760, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 39,773

Men of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttel, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Buckeburgg, from the 25th December 1760, to the 24th December 1761, both inclusive* being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 22,404 Men, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cajfel, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties for the Year 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 1,205 Cavalry and 2,208 Infantry, the Troops of the reigning Duke of Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1761, pursuant to Treaty, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eitimateof the Charge of Five Battalions serving with his Majesty s Army \nGcr-many,each Battalion confiding of One Troop of Dragoons of 101 Men, and Four Companies of 125 Men in each Company, with a Corps of Artillery, for 365 Days, from the 25th December 1760, to the 24th December 1761, both inclnfive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Cajfel, signed at Hanover, June 18th, 1755, and Transtation; which were presented to the House upon the 26th Day of November 1755; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Cajfel, concluded and iigned at London, January 17th, 1759, and Translation; which were presented to the House upon the 19th Day of January 1759; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a separnto Article belonging to the Treaty between his Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Cajfel, concluded and Iigned at London, the 17th January 1759, and Transtation; which were presented to the House upon the 19th Day of January 1759 5 be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That a Copy of a Convention between his Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Caffe I, concluded and signed at London, the ift of April 1760, and Trunf-Jation; which were presented to the House upon the 15th Day of April last; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty and the reigningDuke of Brunjicick, concluded'aml signed at Marpurg, the 14th of January 1760, and Transtation; which were presented to the House upon the 15th Day of April last; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Ulterior Convention between his Majesty and the reigning Duke of Bruns icick, concluded and signed at Padei born, March 5th, 1760, and of the Declaration thereto annexed, and5 Transtation; which were presented to the House upon the 15th Day of April last; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Declaration referred to in the Ulterior Convention between his Majesty and the' Duke of Brunswick, signed at Paderborn, March 5th, 1760, and Translation; which were presented to the House upon the 15th Day of April last; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVcdnefdny Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The

Ways d Means.

thfch’s

Nat.

Cooke’s

Name.

Feeds and Sheffield Road.

Weymouth, &c. Roads.

Eydon

Inclosure.

i Geo. III. 150 — 160

The otlter Order of the Day:berng read;

Resolved, That this Homte will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itfeli* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MarttSj 16° die Decembris;

Anno l® Georgii l!IIlii Regis, 1760. Prayers.

MR. Kijtwston pvefcnted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Frederick Rafch: And the same was received; and read the First time. liefulvcd That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir William Beauchamp Profiler reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Charles Molloy, an Infant, lately called Charles Cooke, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Molloy, purfimnt to the Will of Sir Charles Molloy Knight, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to icport I he Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilkinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the't hirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

llcfolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Wey-moulh, Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, was rend the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchejlev, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Richard William son Eft}uire, Lord of the Manor of Eydon, in the County of Northampton, James Stapes, Clerk, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Eydon aforesaid, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, and interested in,t heopen and common Fields of Eydon aforesaid, was presented to the IJoufe, and read; setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dif-perfect, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much, if any, Improvement; and alleging, that it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Fields, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to them, according to their respective Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said open and common Fields of Eydon aforesaid, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cartwright and Sir Charles Mor daunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Patron and Vicar Incumbent of Vol. 2S.

Decembris. 989

the Parish Church or Chapel of Wardington, in the County of Oxford, and oTthe several Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Commons, and Estates, in the open and common Fields of Warding ton, Williamjcot, otherwise Willfcol, Colon, otherwise Cotes, in the County aforesaid, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was prefen ted to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Estates of several of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed and difperled in linall Parcels, and are incapable of Improvement in their present Situation: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, common Meadows, common Ground, and wade-Ground, of and in the Manor and Parish of Wardington, Williamjcot, otherwise Willfcot, and Colon, otherwise Coles, in the County of OjJ'ordi according to each Persons Right in the fame, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring iaji Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Parker, Sir Edward Turner, and Mr. Cart-zvright, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Thomas Motor Gentleman, Lord of the Manor of Blaby, in the County of Leicester, Edward Stokes, Clerk, Incumbent of the -lleftory and Parish Church of Blaby aforesaid, and Countcphorpc, in the same County, Thomas Benjkyn and William Bentley Esquires, and otherS, whose Names are thereunto subseri bed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the open Fields, Meadows, and pasture and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Blaby, and Countefihorpe aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, and the rest of the said Proprietors interested in the said Fields, "Meadows, and pasture and waste Grounds, lie intermixed and clifperfed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of much, if any, Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, and pasture and waste Grounds, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cartwright and Sir Charles Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, reikling in and near the several Towns and Boroughs of Ashburton, Newton Bu/hdl, and Newton Abbot, and the Hoads I herein after-mentioned, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the common Road or Highway leading from Traveller's Rest, in the Ashburton Turnpike Road, within the Parish of Ashburton aforesaid, through the several Parishes of Ashburton, Bickington, llfington, and Highweek, in the said Count;, to the Town of Newton Bushell aforesaid, and from thence to Dipt ford Bridge, in the Parish of Bovey Tracey, on the Common called Bovey Heath Field, through Highweek Church‘ Town, and certain Places called Stanford Bridge, and Drum Bridge, in the several Parishes of Highweek, Teingruje, llfington and Bovey Tracey, in the said County, is so ruinous and had, especially in the Winter Season, and so narrow in several Places, that the same cannot be sufficiently repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill idr repairing, widening, and amending, the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the Motile shall think proper, and that the Petiticners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confuleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Trift, 11 T S:r

Wardington

inclosure.

Blaby

Inclosure.

A fb burton, &c. Road.

Taphouse

through

Liskeard

Road.

Rearlby

inclosure.

Snowfliili

ladofure.

Supply.

990 16° Decembris. A. 1760.

Sir Charles Mordaunf, Mr. Cartwright., Lord North, Mr. Townshend, Lord Parker, Mr. Whitworth, Sir JF/7-liam Maynard, Mr. Ftllowes, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Medlycott,. General Corn-zvallis, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Willy, Mr. Fazakerleij, Sir Janies Low (her. Mi’. Afore, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Rtf-tv?//, Mr. George, Onslow, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hezvett, Sir ffm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Sargent, Mr. CrefueU, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Dr. Simpson, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Charlton, Mr. /////, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Montagu, Sir Jo///? Gibbons, Mr. Probyn, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Coventry, Mr. i?o/£ Fuller, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Chetivynd; and all the Members who ferveforthe Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

O/Y/m’t/jThat all have Voices who’come to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, of, and inhabiting within and near, the Towns and Boroughs of Lojhoithicl, Lijkeard, and &7///Z Germans, in the County of Cornwall, whose Names are thereto subscribed, is referred.

Mr. Cartwright, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the open arable Lands, and the open meadow, pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Rearjby, in the County of I^icester: And the same was received: and read the Firfi time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Samuel Blackwell Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Snoiv/hill, in the County of Gloucester, Robert Kirkham, Clerk, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Staunton, with the Chapel of Snoiy/hill, to the Rectory and Parish Church of Staunton annexed, the Right honourable Arthur Lord Viscount Sudley, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Manor of Snoivfhill aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, within the said Manor, there are several common Fields and common Meadows, containing upwards of Five hundred Acres, and also a large Common, or Piece of Ground, called Snoujhill Hill, containing about One thousand and One hundred Acres; and alleging, that the Lands of the Petitioners, and other Proprietors, in the said common Fields and common Meadows, lying dispersedly, and intermixed together in several small Parcels, remote from the Farms to which they respectively belong, would be of much greater Value and Advantage to the Owners and Proprietors, if the same ivere exchanged, laid together, and inclosed; and that the said common Dill called Snowjhill Hill, as the same now lies, is of very little Value to the said Proprietors, but would be of very great Advantage to them, if it was divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for exchanging, dividing, and inclosing, the said common Fields and common Meadows, and for dividing and inclosing the said common Hill called Snowjhill Hill, in such manlier as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuanttothe Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Berkeley and Sir John Gibbons do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolut ions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as fpll jwetfi; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Sixty-three thousand Eight hundred Seventy-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings nnd One Penny Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Thirty-nine thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three Men, of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttell, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Buckeburgg, together with that of General and Staff Officers, actually employed against the common Enemy, in Concert with the King of Prussia, from the 25th Day of December 1760, to the 24th Day of December 1761, both inclusive; to be issued in Advance everyTwo Months, in like manner as the Pay of the Hejfian Forces now in the Service of Great Britain; the said Body of Troops to be mustered by an F.nglish Commissary, and the effective State thereof to be ascertained by the Signature of the Commander in Chief of the said Forces.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Sixty-eight thousand Three hundred Sixty Pounds Eight Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two thousand One hundred Twenty Ilorfe, and Nine thousand Nine hundred Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgnive of Hefei Caf'el, in the Pay of Great Britain, for Three hundred Sixty-five Days, from the 25th Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, to the 24th Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one, both Days inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the said Time, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Forty-seven thousand Seventy-one Pounds Five Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of an additional Corps of One thousand Five hundred Seventy-six Horse, and Eight thousand Eight hundred and Eight Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of HeJjeCaffel, in the Fay of Great Britain, for Three hundred Sixty five Days, from the iff; Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one, to the 31st Day of December following, both Days inclusive, pursuant 10 Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-seven thousand Seven hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of One thousand Two hundred and Five Cavalry, and Two thousand Two hundred Eight Infantry, the d roops of the reigning Duke of Bruyfwick, iii the Pay of Great Britain, for Three hundred Sixty-five Days, from the 25th Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, to the 24th Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one, both Days inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the said Time, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Five hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings, he granted to his Majesty, to make good a Deficiency in 1 he Sum voted last Seffon of Parliament, for the Charge of the Troops of Brunswick, to the 24 th Day of December One thousaid Seven hundred and Si sty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Five hundred Four Pounds Six Shillings and Fight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Five Battalions serving with his Majesty’s Army in Germany, each Battalion consisting of One Troop of One hundred and One Men, and Four Companies of Font of One hundred and Twenty-five Men in each Company, with a Corps of Artillery, for 5O3 D*ns, from the25th Day of December One thousand Seven humhvd and Sixty, to the 24th Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one, bath Davx inclusive.

Resolved

I Geo. III. i — 170

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One million One hundred Sixty-seven thousand Nine hundred Three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, to the 19th Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, and not provided for by Parliament.

Rejulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One million, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the Charges of Forage, Bread, Bread Waggons, Train of Art illery, and of Provisions, Wood, Straw, Skc. and other extraordinary Expences and Contingencies of his Majesty's combined Army under the Command of Prince Ferdinand.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, i y°;

Anno i* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

Convention /FR. Secretary Pitt presented to the House, by his with Prussia. _1\JL Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Convention between his Majesty and the King of Prussia, concluded and signed at London, the 12th of December 1760, and Translation.

And the Titles of the said Copy and Translation were read.

The said Copy is preserved among!! the other Papers of this 'Session; and the said Translation is as followeth; viz.

Translation of a Convention between his Majesty and the King of Prussia, concluded and signed at Ijon-don, the 12th of December 1760.

Be it known to all whom it concerns, or may concern. That the burthensome War wherein his Pnffian Majesty is engaged putting him under the Necessity of making new Efforts for his Defence again!! the great Number of Enemies by which his Dominions are attacked; and being the refore obliged to enter into a new Concert with his Britannic Majesty, in order to provide reciprocally and jointly with him for their common Defence and Safety 5 and his Majesty the King of Great Britain, having made known, at the same time, the Delire he had toflrengthen the Bonds of Friendship which subsist between the Two Courts, and to come to a new Agreement on this Occasion; and, for this End, by an express Convention, relating to the Succours by which he may give to his Prussian Majesty most expeditious and mol! efficacious Assistance, their said N1 a jellies have therefore, for this Purpose, named and authorized their respectiveMinisters; to wit, in the Name and on the Part of his Britannic Majesty, his Privy Counsellors Robert Lord Henley, Baron of Grainge, Keeper of his Great Seal of Great Britain, John Earl Granville, Presid cut of his Council, Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, First Lord Commissioner of his Treasury, Robert Earl of Hot-demeffc, One of his principal Secretaries of State, Philip Earl of JIardwicke, and William Pitt, another of his principal Secretaries of State; and, in the Name and on the Part of his Pnffian Majesty, the Sieurs Dodo Henry, Baron of KnyphauJ'en, his Privy Counsellor of Em bally and Minister Plenipotentiary at the Court of h\s Britannic Majesty, and Lewis Michell, his Minister at the said Court; who, after the Exchange of their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles:

1.

It is agreed that all the preceding Treaties which fnb-fist between the Tw o Courts, of whatever Date or Nature Yql. 28.

Decembris. 991

they may be, and particularly that of Westminster, of the

I Gth of January 1756, as well as the Convention of the

II th of April in the Year 1 758, and that of the 7th of December of the same Year, as also the Convention of the 9th of November of the last Year, shall be deemed to be renewed and confirmed by the present Convention in all their Points, Articles, and Clauses, and shall be of the same Force as if they were inserted herein Word for Word.

2.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain engages to cause to be paid, in the City of London, into the Hands of the Person or Persons who shall be authorized for that Purpose by his Majesty the King of Prussia, the Sum of Four millions of German Crowns, amounting to Six hundred and Seventy thousand Pounds Sterling, which intire Sum shall be paid at once, immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications, upon the Requifttion of his Prussian Majesty.

3-

His Majesty the King of Prussia engages, on his Part, to employ the said Sum in keeping up and augmenting his Forces, which shall acte in the most advantageous Manner for the common Cause, and for the End proposed by their aforesaid Majesties, of reciprocal Defence and mutual Security.

_ 4-

The high contracting Parties moreover engage; viz. on the one Part, his Britannic Majesty, both as King and as Elector, and, on the other Part, his Prussian Majesty, not to conclude any Treaty of Peace, Truce, or Neutrality, or any other Convention or Agreement whatsoever, with the Powers who have taken Part in the prefect War, but in Concert, and by mutual Consent, and expressly comprehending each other therein.

5-

This Convention shall be ratified, and the Ratifications thereof shall beexchanged on both Sides within the Term of Six Weeks, to be reckoned from the Date of the Signing of the present Convention, or sooner, if possible. In Witness whereof, we the under-written Ministers of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and of his Majesty the King of Prussia, by virtue of our full Powers, have signed the present Convention, and have set the Seals of our Arms thereto. Done at London, the Twelfth Day of December in the Year of our Lord 1760.

(L. S.) Henley, C. S. (L. S.) Granville, P.

(L. S.} Holies Newcastle, (L. S.J Holder nc/fe,

(L. S.) Hardwickey (L. S.) W. Pitt.

Ordered, That the said Copy and Translation do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

A Petition of John Roger Siebel was predated to the SiebcPs NV; House, and read; praying, That his Name may be inserted in the Bill now depending for naturalizing Frederick Rafch.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Impropriators of Pailton, in the pa;iton Parish of Monks Kirby, in the County of Warzvick, and Inclosure. of the Vicar and Incumbent of the Parish Church of Monks Kirby aforesaid, and of the several Freeholders,

Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the open and common Fields of Pailton aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Iloulc, and read; letting forth. That the Mates of the Petitioners, in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed over the whole Fields in small Parcels, by means whereof great Inconveniences do arise to the Proprietors and Occupiers thereof, and that the same are incapable of Improvement in their present Situation: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said open and common Fields, according to each Person's Right and Inter eli in the fame.

Ordered,

£92 170 Decembris. - A. 1760

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Merdaunt and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Cook’s An ingrqfted Bill to enable Charles Molloy, an Infant,

Wamei jatcly called Charles Cooke, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and life the Surname and Arms of Molloy, pursuant to the Will of Sir Charles Molloy Knight, deceased? was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Charles Molloy, an Infant, lately called Charles Cooke, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Molloy, pursuant to the Will of Sir Charles Molloy Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp ProBor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Debtors. A Petition of the Prisoners confined for JDebt in his Majestys Prison of the King's Bench, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of t.bePrdbners within this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distrofs: And praying Relief.

0;*/fe/*etf, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Martock, A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Towns lec. Road, and Parishes of Somerton, South Petherton, Long Sutton, Stoke under Hamdon, Montacute, Tintinhuil, Kingsbury Episcopi, and of the Parish and Hundred of Martock, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road from the Direction Stone at aPlace called Dyed Way, adjoining to the Ivelchester Turnpike in Bower Hinton, within the Parish and Hundred of Martock, in the County of Somerset, by and through Martock Parish and Hundred, and Long Sutton, to the Town of Somerton, in the said County, and the Road from a certain County Bridge called Gawbridge, lying over the River Perrat, which divides the Parishes of Kingsbury Episcopi, and Martock aforesaid, through Coale, Stapleton, wa&Ash, in the said Parish and Hundred of Martock, to a certain Place called Tintinhuil Fords, adjoining to Ivelchester Turnpike, which divides the Parishes of Tintinhuil and Martock aforesaid; and also the Road from a Stream of Water in the said Parish of Martock, called Ford, to a certain Pftce called Cart Gate, in the Parish of Martock aforesaid; are, in many Parts thereof, in a very ruinous Condition, and in the Winter liable to be overflowed in several Places, so as to endanger the Lives or Safety of Passengers, and to be almost impassable for Wheel Carriages, and in several Parts very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be efle&ually repaired and widened by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the altering, widening, and repairing, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referredjo the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Proxvfe, Mr. Thornton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Lord North, Mr. Fane, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. More, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hewcft, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hu{(fey, Mr Ward, Mr. Newnham, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Crcf-ivell, Mr. Foncrcau, Mr. Elliot, Mr. John Martin, Mr. George Onftviv, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Wyndham Knatchbuil Wyndham, Mr. Bose Fuller, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Bay 11-tun. Sir Win. Beauchamp Procter, Mr. Nor they, Mr. 01-mius, Mr. Toxvnjhend, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cholmley, Sir. Chet-wynd, Mr. Walpole, Lord Barrington, Mr. West, Sir Francis Da/hwood, Mr. Campbell; and all the Members who serve lor the Counties of Somerset, Cornwall, Devon, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at *7

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ilo/ford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act South S<« to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company. Company; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Importition to,continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of of Beef, &c. fa 1 ted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, without from IrcIaoi any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Heath’s Nan /or naturalizing Jlofe Maria Heath, Wife of Benjamin Heath Esquire, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Holignon’t for naturalizing John Dolignon, Peter Thelluffon, and &c* Peter Anthony Planche, with fpme Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords ddire the Concurrence of tins House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Stone, kb holders, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the Counties of Stafford and Worecfter, and of the Mayor, Aldermen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Stafford, in the said County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads from the Town of Stone, in the said County of Stafford, to a certain Gate in the Borough of Stafford, called Gaol Gate, and from a certain Gate on the Sojith Side of the said Borough, called Green Gate, through the Towns of Dunfton and Peukridge, to aRoad called Street-way, in the Road to Wolverhampton, in the said County of Stafford, and from the said Road called Street-way through flip Towns of Wolverhampton, Upper P&i, Ilintley, and Part of King's Winford, to a Gate ou the common Highway in the Liberty of Wordftey, in the said County of Stafford, called Wordjley Green Gate', and from the End of Bilston Street, opening into Dudley Street, in Wolverhampton aforesaid, along the remaining Part of Dudley Street, through the Town of Sedgley, in the said County of Stafford, to that Part of a Street called High Street^ opposite the Old Bitjh in Dudley, in the County of Worcester; and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton aforesaid, down Lichfield Street, across the Horse Fair; ]

Stafford Street, and the Four Ashes, and by a Brook

called Cranmore Brook, in the Road to Cannock, to Hilton, in the said County of Stafford, and from thence to the End of the Road towards ShareJhiU, which joins the Road leading from ShareJhiU aforesaid to Effington Wood, in the said County of Stafford; are in several Places very narrow, incommodious, and dangerous for Travellers in the Winter Season, and cannot be effectually repaired ami widened by the ordinary CouHe of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the speedy and effectual amending and widening ti*e said Roads, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ward, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. 1

Prozvjc, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Trift,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Tho-roton, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Bayntun,§\r Roger Noccdigate,

Mr. Staunton, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Phmptrc, Mr. w hit-tin gt on, M r. Thomas Gore, M r. Clevland, M r. Townshend\ I

Sir Charles KemysTynte, Mr. Hanger, Sir William May-, nard, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More, Mr,

Cocks, Mr. Nor they. Mr. O Indus, Mr. Thornton, Mr,

Grey, Mr. New nham, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Freeman, Mr.

# Warren, Mr. John Fuller, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Medlycolt,

Sir John Gordon, Mr. Probyn, Mi*. Clive, Mr. Fane,

Mr. Wkitc, Mr. Butler, Mr. Chetxvynd, Mr. Jenyns,

CVIntehivpn -larbour and loads.

i Geo. III.

Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Campbell, Mr. TenthofQueen^w^and of thei3th.of his iate Majesty, Rose Fuller, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Huffezf, Sir Wm. Beau- To far as relate to the said Harbour, have, iti many In-champ Prohor, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Martin, stances,been found inefficient anddefeftive, and require, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Lloyd, Lord Parker, Mr. George in many Particulars, to be increased, enlarged, altered. Onslow, Mr. Gray, Mr. Vernon, Sir Charles Howard, and varied; and taking Notice; that by an Act, of the Mr. JFe/2, Lordy?m2gf, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir John Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Wyniie, Mr. OJioald, Lord Macduff', Mr. Chai'les Towns- the First, it was declared, that Coals carried from Ellen-hend, Lord Howe, Mr. Charles Boone, Mr. Leveson foot, which is now called May Port, in the Port of Carlisle, Gower; and all the Members who serve for the Counties in the County of Cumberland, to the Place called Bank of Stafford, Warzoick, Worcester, Hertford, and Salop: End, in the River Eden, in the said Port of Carlisle, or And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the from any Creek or Place between Ellenfoot and . Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to End aforesaid, should not, in respect of such Carriage, be Tend for Persons, Papers, and Records. liable to pay Duty; and alleging, that if t he said Exemp-

tion was particularly declared to extend to the Allowance A Petition of the Trustees for repairing the Harbour of the Carriage of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, from any of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and the Creek or Place, to all other Creeks or Places, within. Gentlemen, Merchants, Mailers and Owners of Ships, and Part or Member of, the said Port of Carlisle in ge-and of the Freeholders, Farmers, and Occupiers of L^nd, neral, it would more effectually prevent, clear up, and lying in and near the said Town of Whitehaven, and of remove, all Doubts arising within the said Port, tend to the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act,made the great Improvement of Navigation, and the Lands in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King in those Parts, and be of very great Advantage to the George the Second, intituled, An Act for making more Petitioners and the Public; and further alleging, that, effectual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh pursuant to the Powers given by the said Act of the 13th and Tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for Year of his late Majesty, the Trustees for repairing the preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of in the County of Cumberland; and for repairing and Whitehaven, have borrowed a considerable Sum of Mo-amending the high Roads leading to the said Harbour ney, and have proceeded in the Repairs thereof; and and Town of Whitehaven; and also of the Trustees that the Sum of £.575, or thereabouts, still remains due appointed to put in Execution an Act,made in the 23d upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act; Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George and that it will be impossible to repay the said Debt; and the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widen- to complete the Repair of the said several Roads, with-ing the Roads leading from Egremont to Dudden Bridge, ' out an Enlargement of the Term and Powers granted Santon Bridge, and Salt-house, in the County of Cumber- by the said Act; and that, by the said Act, the Trustees land; was presented to the House, and read; alleging, are only impowered to repair the Roads leading to the That, by the said Aci of the Seventh Year of her said Town of Whitehaven,from Egremont, over BiggriggMoor, late Majesty, certain Duties in Perpetuity, and also to Scalegill, and so to Whitehaven and from the Town of certain temporary Duties, were granted upon Coals, Saint Bees to Whitehaven, and from a Place called and other Goods and Merchandizes, and upon Shipping, Bridge Foot, over Clifton and Winfcale Moor, to Dif~ for repairing the said Harbour, which Act was further tington, and so to Whitehaven, and from the Whin House continued by the said Act of the Tenth Year of her said at the East End of Harrington, over Workington Moor, Majesty’s Reign; and that, by the said Act of the Thir- to Diflington aforesaid; but that the Petitioners appre-teenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, the said hend it would be of great Advantage to them, and of temporarj'Duties were further continued, from the 1 oth public Utility, if they were impowered to extend the Day of April 1740, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, Repair of other Roads leading to the said Town of and the Trustees were thereby impowered to mortgage Whitehaven, which are now very ruinous, and cannot be the Rates and Duties granted by all the said Acts, for repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that, by the Purposes of the said Act; and that the said tem- the said Act of the 23d Year of his said late Majesty, porary Duties are to cease at the Expiration of the said Power was given to repair the Road leading from Egre-Term of Twenty-one Years, or sooner, if the said Har- mont, to Dudden Bridge, Santon Bridge, and Salt-hoitfl, bour shall be Efficiently repaired; but a Moiety of in the County of Cumberland; and that the Trustees the other Duties by the said former Acts granted, and proceeded in the Execution of the Powers by the said by the said Act of the 13th Year of his said late Ma- Act granted, but found it impracticable effectually to jesty revived, is to continue for ever, and be applied execute the fame: and that a Part of the Roads directed in repairing, cleansing, and maintaining, the said Har- to be repaired by the last mentioned Act, leading from bour; and that, pursuant to the Powers given by the Colder Bridge to Egremont, i9 now very ruinous, and said last mentioned Act, the Trustees have made many in Winter almost impracticable for Carriages to pass, and very considerable Improvements in the said Harbour, by cannot be repaired by the Laws now in being, or under enlarging, and adding to, the old Works of the Harbour, the Powers of the said Act; and that if such of the and by erecting several new very large and extensive Powers given by the said Act, as relate to the said Part Moles for the Protection and great Advantage of the of the said Road, were repealed, and the Petitioners im-Harbour, and the Trade of the Town of Whitehaven; powered to repair the same under the Powers prayed to in order to perform which, they have been obliged to be continued to them, and with the same and no greater borrow the Sum of £.5,985 whereof £.2,970 remain Toll than heretofore coilefted on the Road from White-still unpaid; nor will it be possible to pay off the said haven to Egremont, the Petitioners hope it would be of Debt, and complete the said Works, during the subsist- great Benefit and Ease to the Public; and setting forth, ing Term of the said Act: That, notwithstanding the That the Road leading out of the said Road from White-said Harbour is rendered much more commodious than haven to Egremont at Scragill, and from thence by it formerly was, yet it is still capable of further Improve- Keekle to a certain Place called Weddikerrigg, is also inents; and that if another new Pier or Mole, on the in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired North-East and furthest Side of the said Harbour, was without the Assistance of the Tolls arising on the said still further added and erected, the Limits of the Port Road; but, if repaired thereby, would be of great and Harbourfurther enlarged, and other Works made for Advantage; and that the Road leading out of the said the further Improvement thereof, it would admit Shipd Road, from Whin-house, at the East End of Harrington, and Vessels of greater Burthen, would be a further Secu- over Workington Moor, to Diflington, at the Corner rity to the Navigation in those Seas, and of great Utility of a Close belonging to one Benjamin Crofthzvayte, to the Town of Whitehaven in particular, the Trade through the Moor Fields, and from thence to a Place whereof is very much increased, as well as to the Public , called Hunday Gate, leading to the Town of I f or-in general; and further alleging, that the Duties and king ton, in the said County of Cumberland, is also in Powers granted by the said Acts of the Seventh and a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by VOL.28. 11 U the

170 Lkcembris.

993

994 17° — i 80 Decem 17

the Laws now in Force; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that if they were also im powered effectually to repair the lame, under the presentTol Is now col levied on that Part of the said Road leading to Whitehaven, it would be of great Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may fie given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and renderingmore effectual, the said Acts of the 7th and 10th Years of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, and the said Act of the 13th Year of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and for continuing and enlarging the Term, Duties, and Powers, therebygranted, and the Port and Harbour of Whitehaven; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the Exemption in the said Act of the 8th Year of his said late Majesty King George the First, and for repealing so much of the said Act, of the 23d Year of his said late Majesty, as relates to the said Road from Calder Bridge to Egremont; and to enable the Petitioners to repair, widen, and amend, the fame, and for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road from Scraghill aforesaid, by Keekle, to Weddikerrigg, and also the Road from the Road leading from Dislington to Harrington aforesaid, from the Cornerof aClofe belonging to one Bcnjam ia Crojlh way I e, through the Moor Fields, to Hunday Gate, aforesaid, in such manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House lhaJI seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Heflington A Petition of the Reverend Henry Yarburgh, DoCtor Inclosure. in Divinity, Prebendary of the Prebend of Ampleford, founded in the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of Saint Peter of York, and the Reverend Henry Wickham, Clerk, Ceftuique Trust of the Lease of the Copyhold Manor of Hejlington, in the County of York, Part of the said Prebend of Ampleford, and Owner of all the De-mefnes, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common in and upon the commonable Land within the said Copyhold Manor of Hejlington aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; fettingforth, That the common or waste Ground within the said Manor contains about Eight hundred and Fifty Acres; and alleging, that if the same was divided and inclosed, it would be capable of great Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common or waste Ground, and for the other Purposes therein to be expressed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Wilkitfon, and Mr. Thornton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Wa>’s The other Order of the Day being read, for the od Mean8, House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty

Ordered, That Surplusses stated the 5th April 1759; and also,

Surplusses stated the 10th October 1759; which were presented to the House upon the 23d Day of January last, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-. rected him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Meahs for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 18° die Decembris;

Anno i° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

JOREDERICK Rafch and John Roger Siebel took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Thom other Persons, Jiving in and near the Hoad ieadingfrom GumbaM, Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorn Gumbald in Holder- &c* neffe, in the County of York, through Thorn Gumbald aforesaid, Ryhill, Keyingham, Ottringiiam, Winejlead, and Paltringtou, to Pattrington Haven in Holder neffe aforesaid, and in and near the Road leading from the Guide Poftin Wine/lead aforesaid, through Wine fie ad Lanes, to a Gate called Frodingham Gate, iuor n ea r W idow Bran ton's Farm in the Lord Ih ip offrodingham, in Holdcrncffeaioro~ said, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth.

That the said Roads are become so deep and ruinous, that in the Winter Season many Parts thereof are irapaffable for Carriages and Horses laden, and dangerous for Travellers; and that there is a Creek or Haven called Pat-trington Haven, leading from Pattrington aforesaid into the River Hu??iber, which hath formerly been very advantageous and convenient for the Petitioners, and other Inhabitants in Holdernesse aforesaid; but that the said Haven is now so warped up with Mud and Sludge, that little or no Use can be made thereof; and alleging, that if the said Roads were put into good Repair, and the said Creek or Haven well scoured, dressed, and cleansed, the Petitioners would have a convenient Passage and Carriage for their Goods to and from Kingston upon Hull, both by Land and Water, there being a very good Turnpike Road from Sacred Gate aforesaid to the said Town of Kingston upon Hull: And therefore praying, That Leave may be gi ven to bring in a Bill for repairingand amending the first above-mentioned Roads, and for scouring, dressing, and cleansing, the said Haven or Creek.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fidej-ation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to th.e House:

Aijd it is referred to Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

Fellowes. Sir Charles Mordamt, Mr. Sandys. Lord Barrington, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Budgen, Mr.

Oswald, Mr. Forefler, Mr Gray, Mr. Ham ilton, S i r Lionel Pilkington, Mr. PUmpire, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. John Fuller, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Plumer, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Page, Mr. Luttrell, Mr.

Martin, Sir George Dalston, Mr, Nor they, $ir John Morgan, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. George Yorke, Mr. White, Sir . Thomas Hales; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Lancaster, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this /Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and j principal Inhabitants of, and residing near, the Towns and Borough of Plymouth and Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the great Roads from Ply-

;mouth

1

i Geo. III. 1%° Decembrifi 995

mouth to the South-West fend of Harrow Bridge, with fa the Parish of Buckland Monachorum, in the said County, through the Borough of Plymouth and Tythings of Compton Gifford and Wefion Pcverell, and Parishes of Egg Buckland, Saint Budeaux, Tamer ton, Foliott, Birk-leigh, Buckland Monachorum, and Walkhampton, and from his Majesty’s Yard at Plymouth Dock to Manna-don Water, in the said Road from Plymouth to Borrow Bridge aforesaid, through the several Parishes of Stoke Damrell and WeJlonPeverdl, are very ruinous, and dangerous to Passengers, and a great Part thereof so very harrow that Wheel Carriages cannot pass the same without the greatest Difficulty; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in one or more Bill or Bills for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such manner as to the House 111 all seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Barrington, Mr. Thornton, Admiral Pdcock, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Mcdlycott, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Culvert, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Gray, Mr. Tucker, Sir Francis Da/hivood, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Pye, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Trijt, Sir John Mor daunt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Drat, Mr. Hamilton, Lord John Murray, Mr. Plump ire, Mr. Buller, Mr. A?///, Sir Wyndham Knafchbull, Mr. Bayntun-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and DorJ'et: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, hi the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Fapers, and Records.

White Cross A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgeffes,

to of the Town of Beverley, in the County of York, and

04 also of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and Farmers, living in or near to the said Town, whose Names are fub(bribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from a Place called White Cross, in the Parish of Leven, in Holder-ne{/K in the East Riding of the said County, to the Town of Bcvei'ley aforesaid, extends through a low, flat, and marihy Country, which is a!most continually under Wat er, by reason whereof, and of the frequent Overflowing of the River Hull, which runs across the said Road, and, for want of a proper Descent and Conveyance to carry off the Water, is become ruinous, and for most Part of the Winter Season, and very frequently at other Times, is dangerous for Travellers to pass through; and alleging, that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unlessfome further Provision be made for raising Money to be applied for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill for repairing and amending the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCommittee: And that theydo examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gq/hry, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Win. Beauchamp Procior, Mr. Pye, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Page, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Gray, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Bridgeman, Lord Macduff,\ ^Ar.Plumptre, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Trijt, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mcdlycott, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. While, Mr. More, Lord Egmont, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Freeman; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster; And VOL. 28.

they are to meet this Afternoon at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Powfcr to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names Gloucester are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and fcc. Roads, the rest of the Trustees for putting in Execution ap Act, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his Iat«j Majesty King George the Secondj intituled, An Act for continuing and making more effectual an Act, passed ill the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, being the Road to London, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill, being the Road to Oxford, and also of several other Persons, being Freeholders or Inhabitants of the said County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, in consequence of the said Acts, great Progress hath beeit made in repairing the said Roads; but that aconsiderable Part of the"Money, which hath been necessarily borrowed upon the Credit of the said Acts, still remains unpaid, and which the Petitioners apprehend cannot be repaid, and the said Roads be effectually repaired and kept in good Repair for the future, unleis the Term and Powers given by the said Acts be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill for continuing the Term* and enlarging the Powers, given by the said Acts, and that such other Relief may be given in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And ft is referred to Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cartwrght,

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pye, Mr. Gore, Sir Armine Wodehouse,

Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Chelny nd, Mr. Thornton,

Mr. Elliott, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Bridgman, Colonel Brudenell, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Champion, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Ward, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr Campbell, Mr. Hume, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Town-field, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Freeman, Mr.

Cholniley, Mr. Rose Fitller. Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Page,

Lord John Murray, Mr. Martin, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Fonereau, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Northey, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Worcester, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

APetition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants, fixeter of the City of Exon, was presented to the House, and wceu* read; alleging. That the said City is not at present en-lrghtenedin the Night-time; and that the proper eblight-ening the said City, and Suburbs thereof, at the Expence of the said Citizens, will be of great Importance, and tend to the Preservation of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants thereof, and other Persons resorting the reto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlightening the Streets, open Places, Lanes, Passages, and Precincts, of the said City, and its Suburbs, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of West Haddon, WestHacMon in the County of Northampton, and of 1 he Patron, Vicar, Inclosure. and Incumbent, of the Parish and Parish Church of Hftfi Haddon, aforesaid, and of the Freeholders and Proprietors of Lands and Commons in the open and common Fields and Heath of West Haddon aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the several Estates of the Petitioners, in the said Fields and Heath, lie intermixed and dispersed in final I Parcels, by means whereof great Inconveniences do arise, and the said Lands are incapable of

Improvement

Amiy; Mutiny and Desertion.

Langton

Herring

Inclosure.

Aafordby

laclosure.

Taphouft

thro*

Lifcard

Road.

996

Improvement in their present Situation: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a, Bill for inclosing and dividing the said open and common Fields and Heath of West Haddon aforesaid, according to every Persons Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cartwright and Sir Charles Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

A Petition of Isaac Sparks Gentleman, the Reverend Thomas Franklyn, Clerk, Richard Rose, William Bartlett, and of the several other Persons whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Part of the Lands lying in the Parilfh, and within the Precincts, of the Manor of Langton Herring, in the County of Dorset, do con-fill of several common Fields called East and West Fields, and other Commons and wade Grounds, which are uninclosed, and, in their present Situation, yield but little Profit to the Petitioners, and are incapable of much,if any, Improvement; and alleging, that it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said common Fields, Commons, and waste Grounds, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bayntun and Mr. Eliot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

APetition of Thomas Smith Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Asfordby, in the County of Leicester, and a Proprietor of a considerable Part of the Lands and Grounds in the open and common Fields of Asfordby aforesaid, Andrew Burnaby, Clerk, Patron, and Rector, of the Redory and Church of Asfordby, and also a Proprietor of Lands and Grounds in the said Fields, John Hilt, Eleanor Hill, Spinster, John Hubbard, Thomas Reeve, and others, Proprietors of Lands and Grounds there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the several Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels in and over the fame, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of much, if any, Improvement; and alleging, that it would tend to the Advantage of the Proprietors of the said Fields, to have all the Lands and Grounds therein divided and inclosed, and specific Shares and Parts thereof allotted to each Proprietor: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill forthat Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pijrfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Plumptre and Mr. Charlton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, of, and inhabiting within and near, the Towns and

A. 1760.

Borough^ of Loflwithiel, Liskeard, and Saint Germans, in the County of Cornwall, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Lawry and Mr. SaniiielHendy the younger, being examined, laid, That they know the Ro$ds from the Eastern End of West Taphouse Lane, through the Parishes of Broadoak, Saint Pinnocks, and Lijkeard, through the Borough of Lijkeard, and through the Par rifli of Menheniot, and over Battcrdon Water, to Coomb Row House, in the Pariflt of Saint Jve, in the County of Cornwall: That the said Roads are extremely ruinous, and in many Places narrows and dangerous for Passengers, and in the Winter Season scarce passable for Carriages, and that the said Roads cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. John [.awry and Mr. John Brooke, being severally examined, said. That they are well acquainted with the Road from the Borough of Liskeard through the Parishes of Lijkeard, Menheniot, Saint Germans,

Sheviock, Antony, and Maker, to CrimblePqjj'age, on this Side the River Tamer: That the said Road, is narrow in some Places, and in others deep and founderous, and cannot be repaired and widened without the Aid of an Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of West Taphouse Lane, through the several Parishes of Broadoak, Saint Pinnock, and Lijkeard, through the Parish of Menheniot, and over Butter don Water, to Coomb Row House, in the Parish of Saint Lee, in the County of Cornwall; and also the Roads from the said Borough of Lijkeard, through the Parishes of Menheniot, Saint Germans, Sheviock, Antony, in the said County, and Maker, to Crimble Passage, in the said County, or in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Eliot, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Champion, and Mr. Cocks, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pye presented to the House, according to Order, Hi1*®" a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Indofillt common or waste Ground, and other commonable Places, in the Parish of Hinton, otherwise Hinton Walrish, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Marine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second time. Forces.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the w»y» Committee of the whole House, to whom it wasreferred and Mcani* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as folio wet h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Twelve millions be raised in manner following; that is to say, That the Sum o if 11,400,000 be raised by Annuities after the Rate of Three Poundsper Centum per Annum, transferable at the Bank of England1 and redeemable by Parliament; and that every

Contributor

18° Decembris.

i Geo. III. 18° Decembris. % 997

Contributor to the said £. 11,400,000 shall also beintitled to anAnnuityofOne Pound Two Shillings and Six Pence, for every £. 100 contributed, to continue for a certain Term of Ninety-nine Years, irredeemable, and to be transferrable at the Bank of England; the said Annuities of Three Pounds per Cent, and One Pound Two Shillings and Six Pence per Cent, to commence from the Fifth Day of January 1761, and to be payable Half Yearly, on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January, in every Year; and that the Sum of £.600,000 be also raised by a Lottery, attendant on the said Annuities, the Blanks and Prizes whereof to be converted into like Three Pounds per Cent, transferrable Annuities, at the Bank of England, with the above-mentioned Three Pounds per Cent. Annuities, to be payable in respect of the said £. t 1,400,000; the said Lottery Annuities to be payable Half yearly, in like Manner, to commence from the Fifth of January 1762; and that, as well the said Three per Cent. Annuities, payable in respect of £. 11,400,000, as the Annuities, payable in respect of the said £. 600,000, be added to and made Part of the Joint Stock of Three per Cent. Annuities, consolidated at the Bank of England: That every Subscriber shall, on or before the Third Day of January next, make a Deposit of £. 15 per Cent, on such Sum as he shall chuse to subscrihe, towards the said Sum of Twelve Millions, with the Cashiers of the Bank of England, as a Security for his making the future Payments, on or before the Times herein limited; that is to say,

On the £. x 2,000,000.

£ x 5 per Centum Deposit, on or before the 3d Day of January next, on the whole Twelve Millions.

On the £. 11,400,000 in Annuities.

£. 15 per Cent, on or before the 28th Day of February next.

£. 10 per Cent, on or before the 14th Day of April next.

£. 10 per Cent. on or before the 27th Day of May next.

£. 10 per Cent, on or before the 2jdDay of June next.

£. 1 oper Cent. on or before the 31 ft Day of July next.

£. 10 per Cent, on or before the 28th Day of August next.

£. 10 per Cent. on or before the 25th Day of September next.

£.10per Cent, on or before the 20th Day of October next.

On the Lottery for £. 600,000.

£. 25 per Cent, on or before the 21st of March next.

£. 30 per Cent, on or before the 29th Day of April next.

£. 30 per Cent, on or before the 15th Day of July next.

Which several Sums so received, shall, by the said Cashiers, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied from time to time, to such Services, as shall then have been voted by this House, in this Session of Parliament, and not otherwise; and that every Subscriber, who shall pay in the Whole of his Subscription to the said £.11,400,000, on or before the 18th Day of September 1761, shall be allowed a Discount, after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent. per Annum, from the Day such Subscription shall befo completed, to the 20th Day of OBober next; and that all such Persons as shall make their full Payments on the said Lottery, shall have their Tickets delivered as soon as they can conveniently be made out.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, an additional Duty be paid for every Barrel, of Beer or Ale, above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, brewed by the common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons, who doth or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, to be paid by the common Brewer, or by such other Person or Persons respectively, of Three Shillings, and so proportionably, for a greater or lesser Quantity.

The said RefoJutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vol. 28.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. West, Mr. James Grenville, the Lord North, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Keith, late Earl Mareschal,was presented to the House, and read: reciting, That by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popifh Recusants, and of Estates given to Superfluous Uses, in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Public; the Estates of all Persons, who since the 24th Day of June 1715, had been, or before the 24th Day of June 1718, should be, attainted of High Treason, committed before the First Day of June 1716, were veiled in his Majesty for the Use of the Public; and that by another Act, passed in the same Year for the Attainder of George Earl of MarefchaJ, William Earl of Scaforth, James Earl of Soutliefque, James Earl of Pamnarc, and others, of High Treason, unless they should render themselves to Justice, by aDay certain therein mentioned, the Petitioner was attainted of High Treason, whereby and by virtue of the said first mentioned Act, his Estate became vested in the Crown, for the Use of the Public; and that the Petitioner’s said Estate, having, by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for veiling the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold for the Use of the Public, and for giving Relief to lawful Creditors, by determining the Claims, and for the more effectual bringing into the respective Exchequers, the Rents and Profits of the said Estates, till fold, been veiled in certain Trustees therein named, to be sold, for the Use of the Public; and certain Parts and Portions of the said Estate, the Rents whereof then amounted to the Nett yearly Sum of£. 2,384 18s. 4)d. Sterling, having been put up to public Sale, in pursuance of the said Act, and sold to Robert Hacket, of London, Esquire, for the Sum of £.41,172 6s. 9jd. Sterling; Minutes, or Articles of the said Sale were, on or about the 2 2d of October 1720, executed between Four of the Trustees in the said Act named, and the said Robert Hacket, whereby it was declared and agreed, That the said Purchase Money, subject to certain contingent Deductions therein mentioned, should be paid inlo the Exchequer in Scotland, on the First Day of August 1721; and that upon Payment thereof, an Indenture or Contra6t of Bargain and Sale of the Premises should be executed, to and in Favour of the said Robert Hacket, or his Assigns; that by a Report of David Moncrief his Majesty s Deputy Remembrancer of his Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to the Barons of the same Court, it appears, that the said Robert Hacket, by a Declaration of Trull, ligned by him, bearing Date the 7th Day of March 171%, and recorded in the Books of Exchequer in Scotland, conveyed all his Right to the said Parts of the Petitioner’s Estate, to and in Favour of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings; and also, that at the Feall or Term of Candlemas 1757, there remained due to the Public, of the said Price or Purchase-money, after an Allowance of all Payments and Deductions, the principal Sum of £. 3,618 qj. oTy/. Sterling, which principal Sum, together with the Interest thereof, Hill remains due and unpaid: And that the Petitioner did, in the 33d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, obtain an Act, for enabling him, amongst other Things, notwithstanding his said Attainder, to take, hold, and enjoy, all such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as he should atanyTime or Times thereafter purchase 6rt acquire; and all such personal Estate and Effects as he then was, or any Time or Times thereafter should be, possessed of, or intitled unto, in as full, am pie, and beneficial Manner, as he ought to take, hold, purchase, acquire, or enjoy the fame, in case no such Attainder had ever been: And that the Petitioner is induced to hope, That his present Majesty will, in Companion to the Sufferings of the Petitioner, and the Diftreffesofhis Family, be graciously pleased to 11 X ~ ' grant

Keith's

forfeited

Eftitae.

998 18° — 19 D 1760.

grarit to him for his prefenfc Support, what remains due to the Crown, for principal Money and Interest, on Account of the said Price or Purchase Money, if his Majesty was enabled so to do by the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for enabling his Majesty to grant to the Petitioner such principal Money and Interest, as now remains due to the Public, on Account of the said Price or Purchase Money, so contracted to be paid for the said Parts of the Petitioner’s Estate, after Payment and Satisfaction of all the lawful Debts and Claims which affeQed the fame, at the Time of the Petitioner’s Attainder; and also all such Right, Title, and Interest, into or out of the same Estate, as by the said Minutes or Articles of Sale were reserved, or by virtue thereof have accrued, or may hereafter accrue to his Majesty, or the Public, or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, Tha.t this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Stone, Mr. Ward, reported from the Committee, to whom &c. Road. the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Stafford and Worccfier, and of the Mayor, Aldermen, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Stafford, in the said County of Stafford, was referred, l"hat the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and haddireCled him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Francis Stuart, being examined, said, That he \ Jknows the Roads leading from the Town of Stone to Wordjley Green Gate, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton, to the Road which leads from ShareJ-hill to Effmgton Woody that the said Roads are in a iruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

And Mr. William Crawley said, That he knows the Road from the West End of Bilston Street in Wolverhampton, to the High Street in Dudley, in the County of Worcester; that the said Road is in a very ruinous Condition, and narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Stone to Wordjley Green Gate, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton, to join the Road leading from Sharejhill to Effmgton Wood, in the County of Stafford; and from the Wgft End of Bilston Street in Wolverhampton aforesaid, to the High Street in Dudley, in the County of Worcester: And that Mr. Ward and Sir William Beauchamp ProCtor do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dartford A Petition of the Justices of the Peace of the County Ac. Roads. of Kent, being Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging " the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for " enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road'be- " tween Nortlifleet, Gravesend, and Rochester, in the County of Kent; and also another A&, made in the " Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the k 'First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said fonher A&, and for other dPurposes therein men-

24

cc tioned, and for explaining and amending the said c< A6is; and also for repairing the Highway from " Northfieet aforesaid, to Dartford, in the said County," was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That by the said Act of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty, the Tolls, Duties, and Powers, granted by the said Two former Acts, were continued for the further Term of Twenty-one Years; and that pursuant to the Powers granted by the said several AOs, the Petitioners have proceeded to repair the several Roads thereby directed to be repaired; in order to which tiiey have been obliged to borrow a considerabic Sum of Money, upon the Credit of the said Tolls, Part of which still remains undischarged; and that Part of the Roads directed by the said several Acts to be repaired, are so extremely bad and dangerous, that there is a Necessity of diverting or altering the Course of that Part, which the Petitioners the Trustees are not impowered to do by the said former Acts, nor can they complete the other necessary Repairs and Alterations of the said Roads, and pay off the Money due on the Credit of the said Tolls, during the subsisting Term of the said Act of his said late Majesty King George the Second: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and turning, the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts, by such Ways and Means, with such further Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof *, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Norihey, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. More, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bay 11-tun, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

White, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Campbell, JAv.Anson, K[\\

West, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. Charles Townficnd, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. John Fuller, Lord North, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Cartwright; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Suffx, and Surrey; and for the Cinque Ports:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Or- Doghouse der, a Bill for making, widening, and repairing, a Road Bar from from the North-Ealt Side of the Islington J?ood, of polite to -the Road called the New Road, over the Fields and Grounds to Old Street Road, opposite to the Doghouse Bar, and at and from the Doghouse Bar to the End of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground: And the same was received; and read the First time. s

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

'Veneris, 190 die Decembris;

Anno i* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

ENJAMIN Maifonneuve took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Keith's to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of George Keith, late East Mareschal, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday, the Eighth Day of January next, resolve itself into a Cora-mittee of the whole House, to <2onfider of the said -Petition.

Ordered, That Mr.^eA-erbeadded1 tathe Gentlemen hangton who are Appointed-to prepare, and bring in,a Bill, pur- inc2 fuanttothe Prayer of the Petitjdn-oLT&ac ^ar^Gentle-

' In an,

i Geo. III. 19

9 99

man* the Reverend Thomas Franktyn Clerk, Richard Rose, William Bartlett, and of the several other Persons I whole Hands are thereunto subscribed.


fringford A Petition of Fulk Grevile, Lord of the Manor of inclosure, Fringford, in the County of Oxford, John Rujfel Green-hill, Rector of the Parish Church of Fringford aforesaid,

I and Anthony Addington, Doctor in Physic, whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in the open and common Fields in the Parish of Fringford, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners lie 1 intermixed and dispersed over the said Fields, in small

Parcels, and are inconveniently situated in respect to (he Habitations of the Occupiers thereof, and are thereby rendered of little Value to the respective Owners, and incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said common Fields, in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Palmer, and Mr. Bagot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Doliguon’s The House ^proceeded to take into Consideration the &c. Nat. Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for nsLtmaWz'wg John Dolignon, Peter TheUuJfony and Peter Anthony Planchi.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. JL 8. Leave out " and

L. 11. After " Switzerland,'’ insert,c£ and Chris-<f tian Poppe, Son of Henry Poppe, by Helen his Wife, " born at Bremen, in Germany:"

L. 23. Leave out" and, " and, after " Planchb," insert, " and Christian Poppe:"

L. 3 7. Leave outu and, " and, after " Planchb insert, " and Chrjjiian Poppe Pr. 2. L. 29. Leave out " and;"

L. 30. After<c Planche," insert," and Christian " Poppe:’

L. 39. Leave out<c and, " and, after " Planche insert " and Christian Poppe:"

In the Title of the Bill, leave out C£ and, "and, at the End thereof, add, " and Christian Poppe"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to the 'Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Vappenham A Petition of the Lord of the Manor 0fWappenham, Inclosure. \n the County of Northampton, and of the Patron and Rector Incumbent of the Parish Church there, and of several other the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Commons, in the open and common Fields of Wappehham aforesaid, and of Common or Pasture, and other Properties, in and upon a certain Tract or Parcel ' of Ground, within the Parish of Wappenham aforesaid, commonly called Wappenham Wild, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting-forth, That the Estates and Properties of the Tetitioners, in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, by Means whereof great Inconveniences do arise to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and are in their present Situation incapable of Improvement; and alleging, That if the said Fields and Wild were inclosed and divided into just Allotments, they would be of much greater Profit and Advantage to the Owners and Proprietors thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Ground, called WappenhamWild, common Failures, common Meadows, waste Ground, and commonable %ands, in the Manor and Pariili of Wappenham*aforesaid, axelufive of the Hamlet of AJlwell and Faiilcut, in the Vol. 28.

said Parish, according to each Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cartwright, Sir Charles Mordaunt, and Mr.

Palmer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Hairy Earl of An^y Stanford, Lord of the Manor of Anjlyjm the County of Jncl°sure’ Ijeicefier, as Parcel of the Manor, and within ihe Peculiar of G\vooby, in the said County, Impropriator of the Great Tythos of Part of the Common and open Fields o fAnjly aforesaid, and a Proprietor of Land, and intitled to Right of Common in the said Fields; and also Patron of the Vicarage and Church of Newton Limford, in the said County, Joseph Hooley Clerk, Vicar of the said Vicarage and Church of Newton Limford, of which Part of Anfiy is a Member; Richard Hurd Clerk, Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Tliurcaston, in the said County, whereof the other Part of Anfiy aforesaid is or is reputed a Member; and Thomas Martin, Daniel Glover, Thomas Illiffe, John Martin, and others, Proprietors of Land and Persons interested in the said Fields, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie greatly intermixed and dispersed, and are in their present Situation incapable of much if any Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to all the Proprietors of Land in the said Fields, to have the same divided and inclosed, and fppeifie Shares allotted to eachPerson interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the said Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fellowes, and Sir Charles Mordaunt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Fifliertoa holders, of the County of Witts, whose Names are Bridge thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the several Roa<1, Places through which the Highway passes, from the City Nero Sarum to the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, leading to Devizes, in the said County of Wilts, and others, frequently passing the same Road, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have observed, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherlon Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge in Wfl Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Roads at the West End of JJeyteJbuiy, in the County of Wills', and further alleging. That the Road from Fisherlon Bridge to the Mile Stone, near the Well ward End of Fisherlon Street, containing about Two Furlongs in Length, is Part of the aforesaid Highway, from the C\tf of Nezv Sarum to Devizes; and is also Part of*’the said intended new Turnpike Road, the Roads parting at the said Mile Stone; and setting forth, That a great many Parts of the said Highway, from the said Mile Stone to the said Turnpike Road, at the Top of Red Hone Hill, are in a ruinous Condition, and in One-Part very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That,proper Provision may be made in the said Bill for the more effectual amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, from the MileStonenear the Western End of Fisherton Street, to the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hitt; and that aClause or Clauses may be insertedin the said Bill, that all Monies to be cohered between the said Mile Stone and the . Top of Red Hone Hill aforesaid, be applied for the repairing and widening of that Road only, and for the Payment of all Money that shall be borrowed for that Purpose; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the‘House shallfeera meet.

Ordered,

IOOOO

i o° Decembris. 1760.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Willy, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Palmer, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Sandys, Mr Car tier ight, Nlr.Thornton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman, Dickinson, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Bayntun, Si r Francis Poole, Mr. Fellowes, Mr Gore, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Burrell, Lord Middleton, Mr. Honey -ivood, Mr. Crejivell, Mr. Plumptrc, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Panmure, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Anson, Admiral OJborn, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Trift, Sir Robert IJildyard, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Coventry, Mr. More, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Hayward, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Bagot, Mr. West, Mr. Townshend, Lord Villiers, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Rose Fuller, Sir John Wynne, Admiral Griffin, Lord Malpas; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somer/ct, Southampton, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Vade Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, an A Allen Chatfield and George Hart Churchwardens, and of the several Inhabitants of the same Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roofs of the said Parish Church, and of the Chancels thereunto belonging, are in great Decay, and in so ruinous a Condition, as to deter several of the Parishioners from attending Divine Service; and alleging, That a Contrail or Agreement was, by Order of Vestry, made with Workmen, for the immediate Repair of the Roof of the North Isle of the said Church, the Charge and Expence of which Repair amounts to £.280 and upwards; and that the Charge and Expence of the other Works to be done for supporting the Roof of the said Church and Chancels, and in other the m cefl’ary Repairs in and about the fame, hath, upon a Survey and Calculation made, by sufficient and able Workmen, been ellimated and computed to amount to /. 1,320 and upwards; and that as the Ciid Sums cannot, by the ordinary Course and Method of Church Rates, or Parochial Assessments, be raised within the Time, in which the same will indispensably be wanted, without being a great Grievance to, and Oppression upon, many of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Parish ioners of the Parish of Croydon aforesaid, to repair the said Church, and to raise the Money requisite for that Purpose, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think moll effectual, and to be least burthensome to the Inhabitants. f

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. George Onjloxv, Mr. More, Mr Lloyds Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Tucker, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. West, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Ryder, Sir William Maynard, Mr.. Fairfax, Mr. Gore, Mr. Anson, Sir John Wynne, . Air. Scott, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Colleton, Mr. . Buller, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Coventry, Mr. . Medlycolt, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Strange, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Hezvctt, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Sewell, Sir Mathew Lambe, Mr. lfaje Fidler, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Moore, Sir George Yonge, AIr. Bagot, Admiral Osborne, Mr, Montagu, Lord Villiers, Mr. Honey wood. Lord Middleton, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Buller, Mr. Alder-mwaDickinson, Al r. Trift, M r. Kynaston, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Peter Burrell, Sir Wyndham KnatchbullWyndham’, and all the Members who serve

for the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Suffer; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at'

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Smith Esquire, Thomas Kelham, Grimftoni Henry Ward, and others. Proprietors of Lands and Inclosure. Grounds in the open Field of Grimstone, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said Field, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, in and over the fame, and are in their present Situation incapable of much if any Improvement; and alleging, That it would tend to the Advantage of the Proprietors of the said Field, to have all the Lands and Grounds therein divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Field, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Plumptre and Air. Charlton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Traders, Manufacturers, and Becontree others, living within the Half Hundred of Becontree, in Sn^allDebu. the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That many Persons residing, trading, or dealing, within the said Half Hundred, do contract several small Debts, which in the Whole amount yearly to a great Sum of Money; and although such Debtors are generally well able to pay the Debts they contract, yet many of them refuse io to do, presuming on the Difficulties and Discouragements which their Creditors labour under, from the great Expence they are unavoidably put to, in suing for the fame, and the Delays they meet with, even after Judgment, to the great Discouragement of the fair Trader; and alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, if Provision was made for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the said Half Hundred, it would greatly contribute to the promoting of Induitry, and supporting and encouraging useful Credit therein: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the said Half Hundred, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Maynard, Mr. Toionf-hend. Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Palmer,

Air. Grenville, Mr. Buller, Mr. George Onslow, Mr.

Nor they, Lord Strange, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Nugent, Mr. West, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cocks, Mr. tucker,

\Mr. Gore, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. More, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Middleton, Mr. Fellowes,

Sir John Turner, Air.. Trift, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Pryje Campbell, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Pro Bor,.Mr. Sewell, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Anson, Mr.

Dr ax. Air. Recorder of London, Lord Howe, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Grey,

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Lord Panmure, Mr. Plumer, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Chetzvynd, Admiral Griffin, Alr. Cal-thorpe, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Delaval, SirWyndhamKnatch-bull Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Hertford and Cambridge: And thfey are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perfoos,

Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Bindley, junior, and John Maud, Bindle Merchants, was presented to the House, and read; set- Vcfd*c ting forth, That the European Markets have been hitherto MhuJ,

* supplied

i Geo. III. 19" Decenibris. 1001

supplied with Verdigrease from France, and great Quantities have been imported into this Kingdom, and used in Medicine, Painting, and Manufactures, and particularly in the Dying Trade; and alleging, That the Petitioners have discovered a Method of making either from British or foreign Materials, Verdigrease of equal Goodness with that of the Frafc/xManufacture, and doubt not of being able, with proper Encouragement and Affiftance, to supply the great Consumption of this Kingdom, and to rival at foreign Markets the French in this valuable Branch of their Commerce; and that in the carrying on the Manufacture, the Petitioners will be obliged to employ several other Persons; and consequently, after the many Experiments made, Loss of Time, and Expences, in perfecting the Discovery, and the Charge of Preparations, for rendering the same ex-tenfively useful, the Petitioners may be deprived of all Benefit arising from their Invention,unless the foie Right of making and vending the said Manufacture be confirmed to them, for a limited Time: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration, and to give I^eave, that a Bill may be brought in for vesting in the Petitioners the foie Right and Property of tiling and exercising their Invention fora certain Term of Years, and to grant them such further Encouragement and Atfiltance, as the Nature and Importance of their Discovery shall appear to require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-amine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition.

' And it is referred to Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Palmer, Sir Francis DaJInvood, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pole, Mr. Gore, Mr. Smith, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bull, Sir Robert Lad-broke, Mr. Merrick Burrell, Lord North, Mr. Sandys, Sir George Savile, Mr. Rose Fuller, Lord Middleton, Mr. Moore, Mr Coventry, Mr. Honeyzvood, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Anson, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Prozvfe, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bagot, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir George Yonge, Mr. More, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Martin, Mr. Charles Towns hend, Mr. Plumer, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Ryder, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Trijl, Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Medlycott, Lord Strange, Air, Montagu, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Jennings, General Stanzoix, Mr. Samuel Martin, Sir Richard G Lynne, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. White, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. West, Mr. Hammond, Lord Macduffe, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Charles Boone, Mr. Symons, Mr. Webb, Mr. Hewett, Lord Villi ers, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wynd/tam; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Expiring Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued. That the Committee had inquired accordingly, and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House: which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty s Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, to be computed from the 24th Day of June 1733, and to the End of the then next Sellionof Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the 1 ith, 19th, 26th, 29th, and 31st Years of the lleign of his said late Majesty, was further continued, until the 29 th Day of September x 761, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Vol. 28.

The said ResolutioiTbeing read a Second time;

Ordered, That it,be an InllruClion to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majestys that they do consider of the Act mentioned iii the said Resolution.

Vlr.George Onjlozv presented to the House, according Newington to Order, a Bill to enable the Rector of the Parish and Butts

Parish Church of Saint Mary, Newington Butts, in the c tory'

County of Surrey, and his Successors, to grant a Lease or Leases of certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the said Kectory: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for naturalizing Benjamin Maifonneuve, was Maison-read a Second time. ncuve’s Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fel-lozves, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Wilkes,

Mr. Palmer, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Montagu, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Middleton, Mr. Plumer,

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Roje Fuller, Mr. West, Mr.

Alderman Dickinson, Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Tucker, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Fidler, General A’Court, Mr. Burrell, Air Warren,

Mv.Bayntun, Mr. Coventry, Mr Sandys, Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. Moore, Sir Matthezv Lambe, Mr. Prozcfe, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Francis DaJInvood, Mr. Trifl,

Mr. Peter Burrell: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Wav* Committee of the whole House, to consider further of an4 Mcatt* Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had dieted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be 'received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Marine

whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his orcc,"

Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Clevland took the Chair of the Comm ittee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Clevland reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

u

1002

io° Decembris. A. 1760.

Sail at i, 20* Decern Iris;

Anno i* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1760.

PRAYKRS.

Tudwty and A PETITIO N offrancis Pottery Clerk, one of the Archdeacon Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of Saint

o( Wells* Andrew, in the City of Wells, and Archdeacon of Wells, and Charles Tudway Esquire, and Richard Slade Gen-

tleman, both of the said City, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Francis Potter is, in Right of his said Prebend, seised of an Estate in Fee, of and in a capital Messuage or dwelling House, situate within the Liberty of Saint Andrew in Wells aforesaid, and lately in the Seifm of Francis Squire Clerk, to which belong, amongst other Things, Two Pieces or Parcels of Ground, situated as in the Petition is described, and containing together One Acre and a Quarter, or thereabouts; and al!eging, That the said Charles Tudway, and Rickard Slade hisTrustee, or One of them, now are or is lawfully seised of an Estate in Fee-simple,of and in Two Closes of Meadow or Pasture Ground adjoining to each other. One of which is called the Hill End, and contains Four Acres and a Half, and the other is called the RuJhes, and contains Two Acres, which said Closes are situate at Dalcot, in the County aforesaid, and bounded as in the Petition is described; and that the said Francis Potter, Charles Tudzvay, and Richard Slade, have agreed, that an Exchange dial I be made between them the said Francis Potter and Charles Tudzvay, of the said Pre-mi fes, in Fee-simple, upon the Conditions in the Petition mentioned, which is consented to and approved of by the Bishop of Bath and Wells, to whom the Collation of or to the said capital Messuage or dwelling House belongs: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making such Exchange and Agreement for ever binding and effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Prowse and Sir Charles Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Ways Mr. Charltwiy according to Order,’reported from the and mLos. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Annuities, which shall be payable in pursuance of a Resolution of this House, of the 18th of this Instant December, be charged upon the additional Duties upon Beer and Ale, mentioned in a Resolution of this House, of the same Day, for which the Sinking Fund shall be the collateral Security.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time; was, upon the Question. put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill upon the said Resolutions of this House, of the 18th of this Instant December, that they do prepare the said Bill, pursuant also to this Resolution.

Hatton A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Fklfca In- and in the Five several large open Fields, Pieces or Par-dosure. cejs of Ground, commonly called, known, and distinguished, by the several Name and Names of the North Field, the South Field, the Greens, the Ing Carr, and the Deep Carry lying and being in Burton Pidfea, in Holder-nejfei in the County of York, whole Names are thereunto set and subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting Articles of Agreement for dividing and fnclosing the said Fields and Ground: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the said Articles, and the several 14

Allotments and Divisions to be made, for the Use of the respective Parties concerned in the Preraifes, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Dalston, Mr. West, and Mr. Crajlei*, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of Packingto* the Par ifiies of Great Packing ton and Li rile Pack ington, ivoaUi, in the County of Warzcick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have been at a very great Expence in repairing the High Road from Meriden Heathy to Slone Bridge in the said County; and that the same is now in good and substantial Repair; and that there is a Road leading from the Guide Post on Meriden Heath, to a Horse Bridge, called the Little Packington Bridge, and from thence through the said Pari Hi of Little Packington to Colejhill, in the said County, the constant Repairing whereof is very expen-five and burthensome to the said Parishes, although the same must always become impnffable for Carriages in Times of Floods, which frequently happen; and that tha Road leading from the said Guide Post by Stone Bridge, to Colejhill aforesaid, being great Part of it already made Turnpike Road, would be more commodious for Travellers, and pafiable for Carriages, at all Seasons, as well as less expensive to the Petitioners, who have many Miles of Road lying within the said Parishes, and are utterly unable to keep all the same in Repair; and that if Part of the said Road, from the said Guide Po/t to the said j

Bridge, called Little Packington Bridge, was flopped up and discontinued, it would be beneficial to the Petitioners, without any Prejudice or Inconvenience, either to Travellers, or to the Inhabitants of that Part of the County: And therefore praying. That the House will give the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises, as to the Houselhail seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the \

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr,

Prowse, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Tozonjhend, Mr. Crafter,

Mr.Tri/l, Sir John Gordon, Mr. PrxjJ'e Campbell, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Prottor, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Bur-rdf Lord Malpas, Mr. Hezvett, Lord North, Mr. Smith,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. More, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Palmer, Mr. White, Mr. Nor they. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. George Onslow, Mr.

Sharpe, Sir George Dalfton, Mr. Kynaston, Admiral Po-cock, Mr. Thornton, Lord Middleton, Mr. Fc Howes, Mr.

Grey, Mr. Staunton, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Thornton,

General A'Court, Mr. Medlycott, MwCholmondelcy, Mr.

Tucker, Mr. West, Mr. llofe Fuller, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Ofzcald, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Gere, Mr. Montagu, Sir Wyndham Knatch~ bull Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Warwick, Stafford, Chester, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Carleton Whitelocke and Hennj Mitchell, Dilhn\ of the City of Dublin, and Kingdom of Ireland, Esquires, tvas presented to the House, and read; reciting, That by a Family Settlement, made in the Year 1674, several Estates in Ireland, which are mentioned in the Petition, were limited to the Use of Martin Dillon for Life; Re* mainder lo James Dillon, his ehleft Son, for Life; Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail-male; Remainder to Matthias Dillon, the Second Son of the said Martin, for Life; Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail-male; Remainder to Martin Dillon the Father,

Cal Hoke and Callington ^uacis.

r Geo. III. 20° Decemb i-doj

and the Heirs Male of his Body; with several Remain* ders over to others of the Family; Reversion to the Right Heirs of the said Martin Dillon; and alleging, That the said Martin Dillon was outlawed for High Treason, on Account of the Rebellion, which happened in Ireland, in the Year 1688, and his said Estate became vested in the Trustees, appointed by the Act of the 1 xth and 12th of King* William the Third, for the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and the said Matthias Dillon, on the 27th Day of July 1700, his elder Brother James being then dead, without I flue, tendered his Claim to the said Trullees, and was decreed to be intitled to an Estate for his Life, with Remainder to his First and other Sons, in Tail male, in the Lands comprised in the said Settlement, expectant upon tire Death of the said Martin Dillon, his Father, who was then living; and that the said Martin Dillon soon after died, and the said Matthias Dillon entered and became seised of the said Lands, and died in August 1714, leaving James Dillon his eldest Son, and Charles Dillon, his second Son; and that the said James Dillon the younger, died in 1734, leaving Martin Dillon his only Son, then a Minor, who became seised of the said Lands; and upon his arriving at the full Age of Twen-ty-one Years, in Trinity Term, 1748, suffered common Recoveries thereof; and in February 1748,mortgaged the same to the Petitioner Henry Mitchell, in Fee, in Trull for Charles Gordon Esquire, for securing the Sum of £. 3000 and Interest; and that the said Martin Dil-lon the younger, in April 1750, made a further Mortgage of the said Lands to the Petitioner Henry Mitchell, in Fee, for securing the Sum of £. 4,500 and Interest, which was the proper Money of the Petitioner Henry Mitchell, and that in the Year 1759,1110 Petitioner Carle ton JVhilclocke, became the Purchaser, in Trull, for the Petitioner Henry Mitchell, of the said Lands, which are of the yearly Value of £. 480, or thereabouts, for the Sum of £. 12,000 upon a public Sale, upon a Decree of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland; and that it hath been of late discovered, that the Estate in Tail-Male, in the said Martin Dillon the Elder, the forfeiting Person, is, by virtue of and under an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for advancing the Sale of forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for veiling fuel) as remain unfold, by the present Trustees, in her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors; and for the more effectuul felling and setting the said Estates to Protestants; and forex-plaining several Acts relating to Lord Bophin and Sir Edmond Everard; become vested in the said Trustees, and is now vested in the Crown, for public Uses, in Fee-Urn pie, subject to the Orders of Parliament; and that the said Martin Dillon the younger is frill living, and has IftTue Two Sons, the Eldest of whom is of the Age of Sixteen Years and upwards; and the said Charles Dillon his Uncle is also Hill living, and has Ilfue Four Sons, all grown up to Man’s Estate; and the Reversion in Fee, vetted in the Crown as aforesaid, cannot take Eflfect in Possession, until there shall be a failure of Ilfue Male of the said Matthias Dillon; which Event the Petitioners apprehend is very remote and precarious; and that it hath been usual and frequent in such Cases, for the Crown to extend their Grace and Favour to Protestant Purchasers: But in as much as the said Reversion caunot pais without the Aid of Parliament, therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for veiling the said Remainder in Fee in the Petitioner Carleton White-locke, and his Heirs, in Trull for the Petitioner Henry Mitchell, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever.

Ordered, That the said Petition do he upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the Borough of Calling ton, in the County of Cornwall, and on the great Southern Poll Road, leading from the Bo-'Tough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, through the said Borough of Callington, to the Borough of JJjkeard, in the said County of Cor me all, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, Vol.

and read,; setting forth, That the great Southern Poll Road, leading from a Place called Newbridge, in the Parish of Calstoke, in the said County of Cotmvalh through the said Borough and Parish of Callington, to a Place called Coombrowe House, in the Parish of Saint Ive, in the said County; and the Roads leading from the said Borough of Callington, over Hingflone Dozvnt to a Place called Horse Bridge, in the Parish of Stocke Clymjland, in the said County; and from the said Borough to Bushford, in the said Parish, and from the said Borough, to a Place called Calmady's Shop, in the said Parish, and from the said Borough, to a Place called Gate, in the Parish of South-hill, in the said County, and from the said Borough, to a Place called Beal's House, in the said Parish of South-hill, and from the said Borough to a Place called Bearland Bridge, in the said Parish of South-hill, and from the said Borough to a Place called Rickard's Shop, in the Parish of Saint Mellion, in the said County, and from the said Borough to a Place called AJldand Lane End, in the Parish of Saint Dominicke, in the said County, are become very ruinous; and that many Parts thereof are so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass each other; and in the Winter and rainy Seasons, are so deep and founderous, that Carriages, and Horses laden, and even PassengerS; pass in great Danger, and cannot, by the Laws now in being, be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into consideration, and grant Leave to the Petitioners to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair,the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Crajler, Mr.

Shirley, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Townshend, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Thomas Alfion, Mr.

Thornton, Admiral Pocock, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. More, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Tucker, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Plumptre, Sir George Dalfton, Mr. Kynaston, General Cornwallis, Mr.

Thoroton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Trifi, Mr. West, Mr. Sandy s, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller, Sir William May-nard, Mr. White, Mr. Cooke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records;

A Petition of Sir Thomas Haggerfion, Baronet, Lord Norhaoi of the Manor of Norham, and other the Freeholders Inclosure* within the Township of Norham, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That tiiere are within the said Township, several large, open, and common arable, meadow, and pasture Grounds, known by the general Name of Norham ln-field Grounds; and also a large Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Norham Common, all which would be of much greater Value if divided into separate and distinct Allotments amongst the several Proprietors, and inclosed: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Infield Grounds and Moor*

Common, or TraCl of waste Ground, under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: and that Air. Crajler, Sir George Dalflone, and Sir Lionel Pit-kington, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are sub- Bum Boat* feribed, Merchants and Owners of Ships, Vessels, and ®jj the other Crafts, belonging to and using the Port of London, Tham€i*

and Inhabitants and Occupiers of Wharfs, Yards, and Premisses, adjoining to the River Thames, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the

Petitioners

ioo4 10° — 2 2° Decetribris. A. 1760.

Petitioners very frequently sustain great Loss and Mif-chiefs by Persons navigating the Boats, commonly called Bum Boats, upon the said River; and apprehend, that the total Prohibition of the Use of such Boats, or putting the Owners and Persons navigating the same under proper Regulation, would tend to the Security of the . Properties of the Petitioners, and all others, having any Trade or Business upon the said River, and be of great Utility to the Public: And therefore praying the House to take this Matter into Consideration, and make such Provision therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Win. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Sir George Daljton, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Coventry, Mr More, Mr Lockyer, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Plumplre,

> Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Hujfey, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Hanger, Mr. White, Mr. Tucker,-Sir John Turner, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Sir Lionel Pilkington; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot' Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent; and for the City of London; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lulworth A Petition of Edward Weld Esquire, John Pope, Gen-inclosore. tleman, the Reverend William Dale Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Eafi Ijidworth,in the County of Dorset, the Reverend Richard Robinson Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Combe Keynes, in the said County of Dorset, Joseph Garland, William Hatch-ard, and John Penny, and of the several other Persons whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, audread; reciting Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Common Heaths, and wade Grounds, lying in the Parities and within the Manors of East Lulworth, and Combe Keynes aforesaid, called Ea*l Lulworth Common and Combe Keynes Common, and for the Holding the same in Severalty: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the confirming, ellabluhing, and rendering more effectual, the said Articles, in such Manner as to ' the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Sharpe, and Mr. Shirley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Reartoy A Bill for the dividing and inclosing the open arable laclofnra. Lands, and the open meadow, pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Rearjby, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cart-wright, Mr. Sharpe, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Thornton, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Fuller, Sir Win. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Trift, Sir George Dalston, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Lionel Pilkinglon, Mr. Medit) colt, Mr. White, Mr. Smith, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bacon, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. P/umptre, Admiral Pocock, Mr. More, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Rose Fuller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Warwick, Derby, Nottingham, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoqn at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Rafch’a Nat. A Bill for naturalizing Frederick Rafch, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cart-zvright, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Sharpe9 Mr. Craster, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkes, M r.ProwJ'e, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr [Fellowes, Mr. White, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cooke, Mr Peter Burrell,

Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProStor, Mr. Thornton, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Medlycott, General Cornwallis, Mr. Trift,

Sir Lionel Pilkinglon, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Gore, Mr. More,

Sir John Gordon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Willy, Mr. Smith,

Lord Strange, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Charles Boone, Mr. Plumplre, Doctor Simpson,

Mr. Probyn, Mr. Champion, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Veitch,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

Tucker, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hume, Mr. Shirley: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to Main(%n-whom the Bill for naturalizing Benjamin Maifonneuve, naive’* Nat. was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Sheffield King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing ^oad. the Road from Breeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Lionel Pit* king ton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cr after, Mr. Sharpe, Mr.

Elliot, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. More, Mr,

White, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Trift, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Proivfe, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, General Cornwallis, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kynaston, General A Court, Mr Plumplre, Sir Win. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Charlton, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Wilkes\

Sir George Dalfion, Admiral Pocock; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lan~ caster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunte, 220 die Decembrts;

Anno i# Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1760.

Prayers.

QRD ERED, That the Petition of John Roger Siebet, sicbcri > which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for naturalizing Frederick Rafch should be read a Second time, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think fit.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Common or waste Ground, and other commonable Inclol Places, in the Parish of Hinton, otherwise Hinton Wal-rish, in the County of Berks, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Pye, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Proivfe, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Gore, Mr. Montague, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thornton,

Sir John Morgan, Mr. Bayntun, Sir George Savile, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Honey wood, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Mo re, M v.George Onslow,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Medlycott, Sir John Turner, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Trift, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Palmer, Admiral Of born, Mr. Thoroton, Lord Mal-pas, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Price, Mr. Elliot I,

Sir George Daljton, Mr. Bud gen. Admiral Pocock, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mv.Piumptrc,

Mr. Chester, Mr. John Pitt, Sir William Rowley, Mr.

Maqkworih,

Thorn Gumbald, kc. Road.

Jramponnd

Road.

l Geo. III. 22* Decembris 1005

Mackworthy Lord Middleton, Mr. Bully Sir Wm. Beau-diamp Proctor, Mr. Rose Fuller, LordCtinny ngham, Mr. Sharps and all the Members who ierve for the Counties of Berks, Oxford, and Glouvefier> And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Robert Ilildyard reported from the Committee, to Whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Persons living in and near the Road leading from Sacred Gale, in the Parish of Thorn Gum-bald, in lioldernejje in the County of York, through Thorn Gumbald aforesaid, Ryhill> Kcyingham, OttrIngham, Winejlead, and Paltrivgton, to Pattrington Haven, in Ilolderu'jje aforesaid, and in and near the Road leading from the Guide Post, in Winefield aforesaid, through IVineJlead Lanes, to a Gate called Frodingham Gale, in or near Widow Branloris Farm, in the Lordship of Frodingham, in lioldernejje aforesaid, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Richard Patchelt, being examined, said, That he Is well acquainted with the said Roads: That the former is about Ten Miles in Length, and the latter about Two Miles: That they are both extremely ruinous, and in many Parts in the WinterSeafon impalfable for Carriages, and dangerous for Travellers on Horseback; and that they cannot be repaired by the ordinary CourfeofLaw:

That Pattrington Haven was formerly very advantageous to the Inhabitants of lioldernejje, but is at present so warped up with Mud and Sullage, that little or no Ule can be made thereof:

That if the said Haven was properly cleansed, and the said Roads repaired, it would be very advantageous to the adjacent Country, and to the Public in general, as a convenient Communication would be thereby opened with the Town of Kingston upon Hull and the River Humber, both by Land and Water 5 but that the same Cannot be effected without the Aid of an Act of Parliament.

Mr. James Llotjd, being examined, confirmed Mr. Pafchetl's Evidence, with respect to the said Roads and Haven.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorn Gum-bald, in lioldernejje, in the County of York, through Thorn Gumbald, Ryhill, Kei/ingham, Ottringham, Wine-(lead, and Pattrington, to Pattrington Creek or Haven, and also the Road leading from the Guide Post in Wine-jlead aforesaid, through Winejlead Lanes, to a Gate called Frodingham Gate, in or near the Widow Bran ton's Farm, in the Lordship of Frodingham; and forfeouring. dressing, and cleansing the said Creek or Haven, called Pattrington Haven: And that Sir Robert ilildyard, Sir George Savile, Mr WilkinJon, and Sir George Montgomery Melham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern hnd of the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of St. Aujlell and Lojhvithiel, and from thence to the East End of the Wtjlern Taphouse Lane, in the said County, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which the}" had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Vol. 28.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Robert Ilildyard reported from the Committee, to White Croft whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Bur- t(L gefies, of the Town of Beverley, in the County of York, and also of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and Farmers, living in or near to the said Town, whose Names are subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was in Part read.

And several Members, returned upon new Writs; having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Remainder of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition;

Mr. Robert Dyneley said, That he knows the Road leading from White Cross, in the Parish of Leven, in the East; Riding of the said County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the said County: That it is a very bad Road, and frequently covered with Water in Winter Time; and cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. John Ramsey confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road leading from White Cross, in the Parish of Leven, in HoldcrneJJe, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the said County: And that Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr.

Wilkinson, Sir George Savile, and Sir George Montgomery Metham, dp prepare, and bring in, the fame*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Daval and Mr. Bonner:

Mr. Speaker, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Weymouth, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and &c. Road, through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, without any Amendment/

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Peter Burrell reported from the Committee, to’ A (h burton, whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, &c. Ro«t and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the several Towns and Borodghs of Ashburton, Netuton Bushell, and Newton Abbot, and the Roads therein-after mentioned, in the County of Devon, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Richard Eales, being examined, said, That the Road from Travellers Rejl, in the Parish of Ashburton, to Nezvton Bushell, in the County of Devon, and from thence to Diptford Bridge, in the Parish of Bovey Tracey, _ in the said County, on the Common, called Bovey Heath field, through Highweek Church Town, and certain Places called Sloioford Bridge and Drum Bridge, in the Parishes of Highweek, Teingrafe, Islington, and Bovey Tracey, in the said County, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow; and that the same cannot be fufliciently repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: That he does not know, whether all the Parishes through which the said Road leads have done their Statute Duty; but that several between Travellers Rejl and Newton Bushell have been indicted on Account of the Badness of their Roads.

John Dunning Esquire, being examined, said. That if Five times the Statute Labour more was performed than the Law requires, on that Part of the Road between Travellers Rejl and Nezvton Bushell, it would rjot be fufticienteflectualK" to repair the said Road; And,

11 Z Mr.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Marine

Forces.

TiiorntOiCs

itflatc.

JO06 2 2°- — 23'

Mr. Richard Bales further salt!, That the other Parts of the Road are in a much worse Condition than that from Travellers Rejl to Newton Bijhcll.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Hoad from Travellers Rest, in the Parish of Ashhurlon, to Newton Bushett, and from thence to Dipf/ord Bridge, in the Parish of Bovey Tracey, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Peter Burrell, the Lord Middleton, Mr. Harris of Ashhurlon, and Sir George Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the I louse, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty ,* Ordered, That the Copy of a Convention between his Majesty and the King of Prussia, concluded and signecj at London, the 12 th of December 1760; and Tranflation i be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had coipe to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 7th I)ay of January next, resolve itself into a Commitjee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the I louse to ilefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 7th Day of January next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Clevland reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had iqade to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read tlfe Report in his Maces and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughput $ and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to' by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrossed. . , ‘ '

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow' 'r . Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Marti?, 2 30 die Decern hr is;

\ Anno p Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1760.

Pg ayer*.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Duval and Mr. Bonner:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of William Thornton Elrjuire, in the County of York, in him, in Fee-simple, difcfmrged of #he Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses: To which the Lords delire the Concurrence oi this House.

9 Decembris. . 1760.,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish New»jjtot Church of Saint Mary, Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, and his Successors, to grant a Lease or Leases of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said lteftory, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr.

Bull, Mr. Gore, Mr. TJiorofon, Lord Carpenter, Mr.

Prowje, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. Trifl, Mr. Chester, Mr. Townshend, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Tucker,

Mr. LiUlrell, Mr. Baynlun, Sir Charles Kemys Tyube,

Mr. Hume, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. B tiller, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. More, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Fane, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Staunton, Lord North, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. James Grenville,

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Samuel Martin, Sir Jolui Gordon, Mr. Brudencll, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Shelley, Mr.

IVefl, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Thomas Stapleton, Mr. Philips, Sir John Gibbons, Mr.

Rose Fuller, Lord Harry Poxolett, Mr. Peter Burrell,

Dr. Hay, Mr. Fonereau, Sir William Irby, Mr. Gray,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Thomas Robinson; add all the Members who serve for the Counties of'

Surrey, Kent, and Si flex; and for the Cinque Boris:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for making, widening, and repairing, a Road betook from the North-East Side of the Islington Road, opposite to the Road, called the Neiv Road, over the Fields 1^, and Grounds to Old Street Road, opposite to the Dog-house Bar, and at and from the Doghouse Bar to the End of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Proivfe,

Mr, Fane, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Thornton, Lord Carpenter,

Mr. Hume,'Admiral Townsend, Mr. Trifl, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Buller, Sir George Savile, Mr. Thomas Fane, Mr. Coventry, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sundys, Sir John Gibbons, Mr.

Burrell, Sir Charles Kemys Tynle, Mr. Hanger, Mr.

IVefl, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. lloneywood, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Frederick,

Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Bull, Lord Thomondx and aft* the Members wIk>, serve for tl»e Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, and Surrey; and for the City of London:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of dip Clock,.in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Royal Ate Henry Belle tulen, Gentleman U flier of the Black Rod: toBl,k'

Mr. Speaker,

; The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Aflbnt to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company: ‘

An Act foil puniifting Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter from Ireland:

An Act for repairing anti widening several Roads leading to and through the Towns oi Weymouth and Melcombe Regis and Dor chester y in the Couni jr of Dorset:

An Act for naturalizing John Do tig non, Peter Thel-In (/on, Peter Anthony P lunch c, and ChristianPoppe:

18 Att

supply.

Maifonneuvfi’s

Nat.

ljoumment.

Marine

Forces.

Dillon’s, &c. Estate.

Turnei’s In at.

Commitieci. Nova Scotia.

i Geo. III. 23* Decembris. — 7* — 8* Januarii. 1007

An Act for naturalizing Rose Mark Heath, Wife of Benjamin Heath, Esquire.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Seventy thousand Pounds, he granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the King of Prussia, pursuant to a Convention between his Majesty and the King of Prussia, concluded the 12th of December 1760.

The laid Resolution* being read a Second time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Benjamin Maison-ncuve was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Benjamin Maifonneuve.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Tomorrow Fortnight, the 7th Day of January next.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. an Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker do carry the Bill to the JLords, and desire their Concurrence. 1

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Fortnight, the 7th Day of January next. Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Mercurii, 70 die yanuarii;

Anno 1® Georgii IIP1* Regis, 176*.

P R AYERS.

TH £ House was moved, That the Petition of Carte-Ion White Locke and Henry Mitchell of the City of Dublin, and Kingdom of Ireland, Esquires, which was prefen ted to the House upon Saturday, the 20th Day of December last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur-Riant to the#Prayer of the said Petition,: And that Mr.. Cartwright and Mr. Fellowes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Pei ilion of Jan Turner was prefenrted to the House, and read; praying,.That his Name may be inserted in the Bill, now depending, for naturalizing Frederick lUifch.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is codfmitted: And that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived*

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Vol. 28*

Majesty, That lie will begrftciously pl&ifed to give Directions, that there he laid before this House, an Eftiwi'ute of the Charges ofsupportihgatid maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Schiia, for the Year 1*761.

Ordered, That the said Addness be presented to his Majesty by inch Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this Hotife will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Mean* for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jervis^ S° die yafiuarii 5

f Anno i° Georgii IIIt» Regis, 1761* Prayers.

THE House was moved, That the Order, made Yesterday, for referring the Petition to Jan Tun-Tier to the Committee to whom the Bill for naturalizing Frederick Rafcli is committed, might' be read:

Apd the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. ’ 1

TjM -

Mr. Elliot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads frbm the East End of West Taphoije Lane, through the several Parishes of Broadoak, Saint Punlock, and Ltjkenrd, through the Parjfli o fMenheniot, and Grey But ter don Water, to Coomb Row House, in the Parish of Saint lveh in the County of Cornwall; and also the Iloads. from the said Borough of Lijkeard, through the Parishes of Menheniot, Saint GermansSheviock, Antony, in the said County, and Maker, to Crimble Pqffage, in the said County, or in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the Pirfi time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Fellowes preTented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for divesting out of the Crown, the Remainder, in Fee; of fever&f Lands ia*Ireland, lately the Estate of Martin Dillon Esquire, and for veiling the same in Carleton Whitelocke, of the City of Dublin Esquire, and his Heirs, in Trustfor Henry Mitchell, of t^e said City of Dublin, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.; --

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting td his Majesty an additional Duty upon Beer and Ale; and tar raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duty: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Earl of Thontond reported to the House, That their Addrefe of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gnaciously pleased to give Directions, That the Estimate therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded hint to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to rc&lvq itself into a Committee' of the whole House, to

consider

Supply.

Viays and Means.

Turner’s

Nat.

Taphotife

through

Liflccard

Roads.

Dillon’s,

&c.

Estate.

Supply Bill; Duty on Beer, See.

Answer to Address for Estimate.

Keith’s

forfeited

Eltates.

1008 8° — 0* Januarii. A. 17 6l

K

consider of the Petition of George Keith, late Earl Mareschal;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

Doghouse A Petition of John Lloyd senior, Esquire, Daniel Le Bar from Sueur, James Atkirjon, Benjamin Cowley, Sarah Dujfly, Islington and Eleanor King, whose Names are thereunto subscribed:

And the said Petition was read; taking Notice of the Bill for making, widening, and repairing, a Road from the North-East Side of the Islington Road, opposite to the Road called the New Road, over the Fields and Grounds to Old Street Road, opposite to the Doghouse Bar, and at and from the Doghouse Bar to the End of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground; and alleging, that the Petitioners have lent £.4,000 upon the Credit of Two Acts, of the 26th and 29th Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road called Old Street Road; and that they apprehend, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, that the Tolls granted by the said Acts will be greatly diminished, and consequently their Securities lessened: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and no make such Provision in the said Bill for their Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Codke have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Account of Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay

Beer, &c. before this House, an Account of the gross Quantity of exported. Beer and Ale exported; and the Drawbacks allowed on the fame; and at what Rate per Barrel; from the 5th of July 1758, to the 5th of July 1760.

And then the Ilonfe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vienerist 90 Januarii \

Anno i* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

Dr. Afliton r\RDERED, That the Reverend Dqdor Afiton, on PoJau Rector of St. Botolph's, Bishopsgate, London, be de-11 3 J ’ fired to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, upon Friday, the 30th Day of this instant January: And that Sir Robert Ladbroke and Mr. Pole do acquaint him therewith.

TaDhouse Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and free Bur-throu^h gestes, of the Borough of Fozvey, in the County of Corn-

Lifteard wall, and of the Mayor and free Burgesses of the Borough

R«ad. of Portpigham, otherwise WeJl Looe, and of the Mayor and free Burgesses of the Borough of East Looe, in the said County of Cornwall, and of the principal Inhabitants of the said respective Boroughs, and of the several Parishes in and near the great Pod Road leading from the said Borough of Fowey, through the said Boroughs of Portpigham, otherwise West Loce, and East Looe, to the Passage or Ferry of Crimble, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That ihq Petitioners observe that a Bill is ordered to be

brought in for making a Turnpike Road from the Town of Lijkeard, in the said County of Cornwall, to the said Passage or Ferry of Crimble, through the several Parishes of Menheniot, Saint Germans, Sheviock, Antony and Maker; and that the Petitioners are informed, that a Toll Gate is profiofed to be erected in or near the Village of Crofthole, in the said Parish of Sheviock; and representing to the House, that by the Erefrion of such Toll Gate, if the ancient Road through Efenford should be diverted through or near the Town of Saint Germans, the Petitioners apprehend it will be a great Prejudice to them, and a great Hard ship upon all the Inhabitants of the South Side of the County of Cornwall, having Occasion to travel to Antrim; Passage or Ferry (that Road being at present much more frequented than the Road to Crimble Pof age aforesaid), for that such Travellers will, by the Erection of such Toll Gate, bfe obliged to pay for passing from the Alms Houses, on the West Side of the Village of Croft hole aforesaid, to the Guide Pofi, on the East Side of the said Village, directing the Roads to Tarr Point and Crimble aforesaid, being about One computed Mile of the intended Turnpike Road (and that Part of the said Road being already in good Repair, and capable of being kept so by the Laws now in being), as much as those who shall travel on the greatest Part of the said intended Turnpike Road: And therefore praying, That, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, Provision may be made therein that no Toll Gate may be ereCled on the great Southern Post lload between the said Alms Houses and the said Guide Pofi, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of the West Taphouse Lane, through the several Parishes of Broad oak. Saint P innock, and Lijk-eard, through the Parish of Menheniot, and over Butterdon Water to Coomb Row House, in the Parish of Saint lie, in the County of Cormcali; and also the Roads from the said Borough of Lijkeard, through the Parishes of Menheniot, Saint Germans, Sheviock, Antony, in the said County, and Maker, to Crimble P(ijfige,in the said County, or in the County of Devon; be read a Second time.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Taphouse Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing near, and through having Occasion to travel on, the great Road leading from the Town of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, *oa 4* to a certain Place called Crimble Pojfage, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill beingordered to be brought in, and reprelenting to the House, That the great Road that has hitherto been constantly used by all Persons that travel from the said Town of Lijkeard to the said Passage of Crimble, either on Horses or in Carriages, leads from Lijkeard, through the Villages of Hejfenford and Craft-hole, and through the Parishes of Lijkeard, Menheniot, Morvall, Saint Martins, Saint Germans, Sheviock, Antony, and Maker; and that a considerable Part of the said great Road is the Western Post Road, leading from the Town of Plymouth to the Towns of Looe, Fowey,

Truro, and Penzance, and leads through a more level Part of the Country, and can be made at a much lets Expence, and is nearer, as they apprehend, than the new Road proposed to be made by the said Bill; which new Road cannot, as they apprehend, answer any great public Use whatsoever, and seems calculated merely for the Conveniency of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Germans: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing the said great Road from the Town of Lijkeard to the said Passage of Crimble, through the several Parishes of Lijkeard, Menheniot, Morvall, Saint Martins, Saint Ga'mans, Sheviock, Antony, and Maker, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they'do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

; And

I Geo. III. 9° Januarii. 1009

And it is referred to Mr. Butter, Mr. John Butter, Mr. Lockyer; Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Smell., Sir George Savile, MrJw'-n?//, Mr. WestfalingyMr. Newnham, Mr. Champion, Mr. Felloives, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Protvfe, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. 77w-roton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Che tumid, Mr. 7/er-foer/, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Pr?/r, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Tozcn-Jhend, Sir 7c//;2 Gordon, Mr. Tudxvay, Sir George Yonge, Mr. 'STW//, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hume, Mr. Wittes, Mr. More, Mr. While, Mr. Sandys, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Forrefler, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Plump!re. Sir /0//W Pennington, Mr. Montague, Lord Egmont, Mw Cocks, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Covcnhy, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Some?jet, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Message from Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the

the King — House, Th^t he had a Message from his Majesty to

Cdonies1 House, signed by his Majesty; and he prefen ted

the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker, all the Members of the House being uncovered; and is eis followeth; viz.

Bn/hell, and from thence to Dip!ford Bridge, in the Parish of Bovey Tracey, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Mertatefrofc House, That he had a Message from his Majesty to the K‘nS"" this House, signed by his Majesty; and he presented ^airsndia the same to the House; and it was read by Mr.

Speaker, all the Members of the House being uncovered; and is as followeth, viz.

GEORGE, R,

H is Majesty being desirous that a proper strength may be employed in the Settlements of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, recommends to this House, to enable his Majesty to alfift the said Company in defraying the Expence of a Military Force in the East Indies, to be maintained by them, in lieu of the Battalion, commanded by Colonel Adlercrcn, withdrawn from thence, and now returned to Ireland.

G. R.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

GEORGE, R.

His Majesty, being fenfihle of the Zeal and Vigour with which his faithful Subjects in North America have exerted themselves in defence of his Majesty’s just Rights ami Possessions, recommends it to this House to take the same into Consideration, and to enable his Majesty to give them a proper Compensation for the Expences incurred by the respective Provinces, in the Levying, Cloathing, and Pay, of the Troops raised by the -Anne, according as the active Vigour and strenuous Efforts of the respective Provinces shall justly appear to merit.

G. R.

Ordered, Nemine contradicenle. That his Majesty’s most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Martock,&c. Mr. Proufe reported from the Committee, to whom Road, the Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Towns and Parishes of Somerton, South Petherton, Long Sutton, Stoke under Hamdon, Mont acute, Tint inhull. Kingso bury Episcopi, and of the Parish and Hundred of Mar-lock, in the County of Somerfot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Robert Patlan and Henry Dolwood, being examined, said. That they know the Roads described in the said Petition; that they are very bad Roads in general, and very founderous, and narrow in many Places; and that the said Roads cannot be amended, and kept in good Repair, by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, widening, and repairing, the Roads from ,the Direction Slone at Dyed Way, in Bozver Hinton, to the Town of Somerton, and from Gaivbridge, lying over the River P err alt, to Tint inhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water in Martock, called Ford, to a Place called Cart gate, in Mar lock, in the County of Somer-J'et: And that Mr. Proicje and Sir Charles Kemys Tynte do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Afliburton, Mr. Peter Burrell presented to the House,according *c. toOrder,a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from

Travellers Rest, in the Parish of Ashburlon, to Newton

Vol. 28.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte reported from the Com- Bath Reads, mittee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed for carrying into Execution the several Acts of Parliament, for erecting Turnpikes, and for the repairing the Roads round the City of Bath, and of several other Persons who are obliged to travel on the said Roads, or some of them, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, was produced, and read.

Mr. Thomas Butler, being examined, said, That he knows the Road directed by the said Act to be made, between the Bridge at Bath and Rush Hill: That the said Road will be about Eleven Miles; and it will be necessary to purchase several Lands, in order to make the said. Roads: that the Materials near the said intended Road are very bad; and, if the said Road should be made, the Hills therein would be inconvenient for Travellers:

That if a Road were made from the Cross Hands, in the Parish of Compton Dando, to join the Turnpike Roads leading to Shepton Mallet and Wells, at Rush Hill, it would be leis expensive, and more convenient to the Public, as the said Road would be no more than Six or Seven Miles long. Two Miles of which are already in good Repair, and good Materials are to be found on the Spot all the Way for repairing the said Road That the said Road will be more level, and very little Land necessary to be purchased.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the loll owing Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners ha\e fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved. That leni-e be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, pafl*ed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads leading to the City of Bath: and for amending several other Roads, near the said City; as directs the laying out a new Road, from the Bridge at Bath to Rush

Hill.

12 A Ordered,

1010

9° Janua

A. 1761.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend To much of an Act,passed in the 32d Year of the lleign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads leading to the City of Bath; and for amending several other Roads near the said City; as directs the laying out a new Road from the Bridge at Bath to Rush Hill: And that Sir Charles Kemys Tynte and Mr. Proufe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Chelsea Pen- The Lord Barrington prefen ted to the House, pur-fioneriand fii&nt to their Address to his Majesty,

Half Pay Liftr^ Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1761: And also,

A Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof* for the Y'ear 1761.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards and Regiment of Horse reduced, and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1761: And also,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1761.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Lilts were read.

The said Lifts and the last of the said Estimates are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the First of the said Estimates is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1761.

Per Diem. For 365 Days.

7,208 Out Pensioners (landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, £. s. d. £ -T- (i-

at 5d. per Diem each - - *5° 3 4 54,810 16 8

100 Letter Men, at \id. per Diem each ----- 5 — — 1,825 '

31 Serjeants, at §d. per Diem each - - ... 1 3 3 424 6 3

From which deduct* The Sum of Thirty-eight thousand Seven hundred Pounds, which, by E£ it nation* may be applicable towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces for the Year 1761 - 156 6 7 57,060 2 11

« ¥* 38,700

Remains to be granted, upon Account, for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea

Hospital, for the Year 1761 - - £ 18,360 2 II

War Office, January 9th, 1761.

Barrington,

Ordered, That the said Estimates and T/ifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Cambridge Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

University the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the "’nL electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the University of Cambridge, in the room of the honourable Edward Finch Esquire, who since his Election for the said University, hath accepted the Office of Keeper of his Majesty’s private Roads, Gates, and Bridges, and Conductor or Guide of his Royal Person in all the Royal Progresses.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty Duty on upon Beer and Ale; and for raising a certain Sum of ' Beer,&c. Money by way of Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duty, was read a Second time.

Rcfoked, That the Bill be committed.

Rcjolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rcfoked, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole Ilouie, upon the said Bill.

Kekh’s for- The House was moved. That the Order made Yester-fcitedEttaies. day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tuesday Morning next, tocon-fuler of the Petition of George Keith, late Earl Mare-ichal, might be read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Rcfoked, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Vloufc, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. James Francis do attend the said Committee upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. William Ward\ do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Monteage do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Barberoux do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Samuel Grove do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to Reutbjr whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open arable Iaclofcrr. Lands, and open Meadow, pasture, and waste, Grounds, in the Parish o{Rearsby, in the County of Leicester, was committed. That the Committee* had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Penford, who is a Quaker, and not fane in Mind, and is possessed of Two Acres in the said Fields, which consist in the whole of about 1,600 Acres: That the Trustee for the said Penford's Estate (who is likewise a Quaker) was applied to, and said, that he could not give his Consent to the Bill, on Account of the Provisioa made concerning Tythes; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

>npply.

Way* id Means*

Thorn rumbald, :c. Roads.

leflington

IncloTure.

r GEDilli. p0 — ii° fanUdrii. 1811

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lux#) i 2° die Januarii;

Anno i° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

SI R Robert Hildyard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, amending^ and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorn Gumbald, in Holdernesse, in the County of York, through Thorn Gumbald, tty hill. Hey-ingham, Ottringham, Winestead, and Patlringtou, to Paldington Creek or Haven, and also the Road leading from the Guide Post, in IVineJlead aforesaid, through Wine-Jlead Lanes, to a Gate called Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton's Farm, in the Lordship of Frod-ingham; and for scouring, dressing, and cleansing, the said Creek or Haven, cabled Pattrington Haven; And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Reverend Henry Yarburgh, Doctor in Divinity, Prebendary of the Prebend of Ampleford, founded in the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of Saint Peter, of Fernand the Reverend Henry Wickham, Clerk, Cestui-que Trull of the Lease of the Copyhold Manor o( Hef-lingion, in the County of York, Part of the said Prebend of Ampleford, and Owner of all the Demesnes, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common in and upon the commonable Land within the said Copy-hold Manor of Hejlington aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Bankcs be added to the Gentlemen Luhvorth who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- lu.iosure. suant to the Prayer of the Petition of Edward Weld Esquire, John Pope Gentleman, the Reverend William Dale Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of East Lnlzoorth, in the County of Dorset, the Reverend Richard Robinson Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Cojnbe Keynes, in the said County of Dorset%

Joseph Garland, William IIat chard, and John Penny, an A of the several other Persons, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to Rafcb’s, Nat. whom the Bill for naturalizirtg Frederick Rafch was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had considered the Petition of John Roger Siebel, to them referred; and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill; which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Mr. Prozcfe presented to the House, according to Martock *c. Order, a Bill for altering, widening, and repairing, the Road* Roads from the Direction Stone, at Dyed Way, in Bower Hinton, to the Town of Some r ton, and from Gawbridge, lying over the River P err at, to Tint inhull Fords. and from a Stream of Water in Martock, called Ford, to a Place called Cartgate in Martock, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. West presented to the House, pursuant to their surpluflcs. Address to his Majesty,

Surpluses, dated the 5th April 1760: And also,

Surpluses, Hated the 10th of October 1760.

And the Titles of the said Sur[dufles were read.

The said Surpluses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session: And the Abltrads thereof are as followeth > viz.

Vol. iS.

ABSTRACT

ABSTRACT of the said SURPLUSSES, Rated the 5U1 April 17C0.

D

eg'

n'

CD CL cr

o

o

eg

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND....

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year, ended the 5th of April 17G0; viz.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 -

Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Fol, 3

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods undet valued, brought to this Account pursuant to Act 1 ]° Georgii imi, p. 146 ——

To Monies brought to this Account the 5th Day of April 1760, pursuant to the Act passed the25° Georgii 2*11 for consolidating the Funds; viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act the 40 Georgii 2dl, for the £. s. d.

Service of the Year 1731 - -- - 12,957 7 10

Surplus of the additional Duties on low Wines and strong Waters, granted per Acts

16° 6c 24° Georgii 2dl ----- 26,232 - — —

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted per Act 180 Georgii

Dr.

d.

2tl, for the Service of the Year 1745 The like of the Duties upon Glassand spirituous Liquors, granted per Act 190 Georgii 2dI for the Service of the Year 1746 -

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted per Act 200 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747 -

The like of the Duty ou Coaches, granted per Act 20° Georgii 2di for the Service of the said Year

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandize imported, granted per Act 21* Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1748 The Duty ot 6d. per Oz. on wrought Plate, grantedper Act the 6° Georgii imi, for the Service of the Year 1720..... ....

24»590 9 15

5.341 16 yh 34,538 16 11!

20,851-----

153.468 8 7 33 19 —

The Dufy of 40a. per Annum, for Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending of, Gold or Silver Plate, granted from 5th July 1758,per Act qi® Georgii 2dl ----- 1 0

278,013 18 i|

544 —

The Duty of 12per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted per Act 10° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 27° Georgii 2di, page 218 - -

To the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued per Act 2° Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000 by Sale of 1

Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 2SW Georgii 2-1, page 457 - - - *

To the Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued per Act i°

Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum 0^.1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Vet 28° Georgii 2dI

278,557 18 i±

1,816-----

24,746

d.

9*

+>+34 1, 2f

29,180 3 —

£. s.

49°.795 1 2f

102,804 12 7 h

309,023 1 3]

902,622 15 11

6 9 7i

Per Contra

By the chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of January 1760, being after the Rate of £. * per Cent. per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.13,537,821. 5*. 1 \d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of £. 3 per Cent, transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 250, 28°, 290 and 320 Georgii 2dl in that behalf -

By D® for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -

By the chief Cashier of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Intereli, due the 5th of April 1760, being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum on the principal Sum of £. 17,701,323. 165. 4d. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities transfer rab I e at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Act 25° Georgii 2di, in that behalf -

By D° for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year -

By the said chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Intereli, due the 5th of January 1760, being after the Rate of £.3. 105. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.1,500,000, Part of £. 2,000,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Act 29° Georgii 2dl, page 224, in that behalf -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -

By Haif a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th of January 1760, being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Amium, ou the principal Sum of £.2,100,000 transferrable at the South Sea lloul’e, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the \ear 175L pursuant to the Act 240 Georgii 2dl, page 39; in that behalf -

By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Stas, 4'C. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Ma

59i

[anngement of the said Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, in that behalf ——

Cr.

d.

203,067 6 4.J

3,726 10 qJ

265,519 l7

4,978 9 iof

By Calli, taken to answer Annuities on fmgleLives payable at the Exchequer,granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dl, and charged on this Fund by an Act 32° Georgii 2dl for the Half Year, ended the 5th of January 1760 -----7

By Carti taken to make good the Deficiency on the said 5th of January 1760, of the feveraMIates and Duties upon Offices and Peulions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund per Act 31° Georgii 2dl, for paying Annuities, at tire Bank of England, after the Rate of £.3. 10s. per Cent, on £.4,500,000, and £.3 per Centum on £. 500,000 in Lottery Annuities, making together£. 5,000,000, borrowed towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the fir It Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in Uie said Act, page 746, in that behalf -

26,250-----

421 17 6

31.500-----

590 12 6

16,691 10 —

Is)

o

St

s*

3:

45,458 6 lof

--4

Os

To the Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other ex- £. t*

cifeable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act

O ig0 Georgii 2dl, Page 312 - 38,147 I I

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Ac-

JJj count pursuant to One other Act 290 Georgii 2dl, Page 323 - 4,472 10 6

To the several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies,

Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant toOne other Act of 290 Georgii

2di, Page 332.....5>949 -

----- 48,568 u 7

To the Duty of 3s. \ d. perBufliel on Salt brought to this Account pursuant to the

Act 26° Georgii a", Page 51, in that Behalf - ----- 129,032 9

£. s. d.

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30® Georgii 2dt, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 32® Georgii 2di ----- 25,083 19 9

To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like - - - 4,065 9 1

To the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the

like.....- ——

To D° of the Duty on Licences to retail spirituous Liquors, the

like - .....- 6,904 15 3*

3^ >954 4 J

To the Subsidy on Goodsand Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 32® Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 330 Georgii 2dI, Page 305 ----- 22,108 9 —

To the additional inland Duty on Coffee, the like - 2,766-----

To the additional inland Duty on Chocolate,the like 1,536 -

26,410 9 —

53

CO

H

£3

n

By Cacti taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th of January 1760, of the Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes imported, and an additional inland I^uty on Coffee and Chocolate, to answer Annuities after the Rate of £.3. per Cent, charged thereupon, pursuant to the Act 3a0 Georgii 2dl, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the firti Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 266, in that Behalf -

By Calli paid at the Exchequer for Interest, after the Rate of £.4 per Centum per Annum, on Loans made there, on Credit of the Produce of this Fund, granted and directed to be applied by an Act 310 Georgii 2dl, towards the Supply of the Year 1759 - - ~ -

5A&9 M 9i

4>*79 1 9

By Cash, taken in further Part of £.2,250,000 granted to his Majesty, towards the Supply of the Year 1759, pursuant to the said Act 320 Georgii 2dl, Page 472, in that Behalf -

844>695 »5 M53>M9 —

This being the Seventy-fifth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Act 90 Georgii l*1. Page 307, is humbly presented, this 12th Day of January 1761.

i Geo. III.

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND -

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year, ended the 5th of April 17G0; viz.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 -

Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2

Surplus of the General F'und, brought from Account, Fol, 3 »-----

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods undervalued, brought to this Account pursuant to Art 1 j0 Georgii iml, p. 146 ——

To Monies brought to this Account the 5th Day of April 1760, pursuant to the A3 passed thc25° Georgii 2^ for consolidating the Funds; viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, grunted per Art the 40 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1731 -

Surplus of the additional Duties on low Wines and strong Waters, gran ted per Arts lG° k. 240 Georgii 2dI -

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted per Art 180 Georgii 2cI, for the Service of the Year 1745 -

The like of the Duties upon Glalsand spirituous Liquors, granted per Art Georgii 2di for the Service of the Year 1746 ——

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted per

\ A w.o n_* ~ai _ Au _ o _ r L _ xr_. _ .

Dr.

d.

49°»795 1 2?

102,804 12 73

309,023 1

902, G22 15

6 9

12,957

24»59

Art 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747

The like of the Duty ou Coaches, granted per Art 20° Georgii 2di for the Service of the said Year -

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandize imported, granted per Art 21° Georgii 2di,

- 34*533 16 11J

20,851

for the Service of the Year 1748

The Duty of 6d. per Oz. on wrought Plate, grantedper Art the 6° Georgii i01*, for the Service of the Year 1720 ——

The Duty of 401. per Annum, for Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of, Gold or Silver Plate, granted from 5th July 1758,per Art 31®

Georgii 2dI ....

153*4^3

278,013 18 ij

544 -

278,557 18 ii

The Duty of 12per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted per Art 10° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1737,

brought to this Account pursuant to the Art 270 Georgii 2dl, page 218 - - 1,816 __ ___

To the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued per Art 20 Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £, 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pur* £. s. d. suant to the Art 281’ Georgii 2dl, page 457 - - - 24,746 1 gj

To the Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued per Art i°

Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum 0^.1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii 2dl ----- 4,434 1 2}

By D° for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -

By the chief Cashicr of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s I mere It, due the 5th of April 1760, being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum on the principal Sum of ^.17,701,323. 165. 4d. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Art 250 Georg"

By D° for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year -

By the said chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s intereff, due the 5th of January 1760, being after the Rate of £.3. 10s. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of ^.1,500,000, Part of £. 2,000,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majestv, for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Act 29° Georgii 2dl, page 224, in that behalf -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -

By Haif a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th of January 1760, being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Amium, on the principal Sum of ^.2,100,000 transfervable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this F’und, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the \ear 1751, pursuant to the Art 240 Georgii 2di, page 39*, in that behalf - - - r'"

By the Company of Merchants trading to the Soufh $6a8,$c. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Art, page 59, in that behalf ——

By Cash, taken to answer Annuities on Angle Lives payabhjat the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2di, and charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2dl for the Half Year, ended the 760 -

29,180 3 —

5th of January

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the said 5th of January 1760, of the several plates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund per Art 310 Georgii 2dl, for paying Annuities, at the Bank of England, after the Rats of/,'. 3. 105. per Cent, bn £.4, 00,000, and £.3 jter Centum on £. 500,000 in Lottery Annuities, making together£. 5,000,000, borrowed towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of liie Year 1758, which Sum is to he replaced to this Fund, out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in Ihe said Art, page 746, in that behalf -

421 17

31,500-----

590 12 6

16,691 10 —

45,458 6 lof

--4

0\

Vox.. 28.

cr

To the Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other ex- £* l. A cifeable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to the Ad 290 Georgii 2dl, Page 31a - 38,147 1 I

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 290 Georgii 2dl, Page 323 - 4,472 10 6

To the several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies,

Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act of 290 Georgii 2dl, Page 332 - -- 5 >949 ---

48,568 11

7

To the Duty of 33. 4 r/. prrBufliel on Salt brought to this Account pursuant to the

Ad 26° Georgii a-1, Page 51, in that Behalf - ----- 129,032 9 8

To the additionaV Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 300 Georgii 2dt, brought to this Account pursuant to the Ad 32* Georgii 2di ----- 25,983 19 9

To the additional Duty on C oals exported, the like - 4,065 9 1

To the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the

like - - —

To D° of the Duty on Licences to retail spirituous Liquors, the

like - 6,904 15 3*

36,954 4

8. d.

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 3*2P Georgii 2^, brought to this Account pursuant to the Ad 33° Georgii 2dl, Page 305 ----- 22,108 9 —

To the additional inland Duty on Coffee, the like - - - 2,766-----

To tiiv additional inland Duty on Chocolate, the like 1,536 —

--- ----- 26410 9 —

550,5*9

a

»,4f'3>*49 '

CO

H

£3

o

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th of January 1760, of the Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes imported, and an additional inland I>uty on Coffee and Chocolate, to answer Annuities after the Rate of £.3. per Cent, charged thereupon, pursuant to the Act 320 Georgii 2dl, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 266, in that Behalf -

5,969 94

By Calli paid at the Exchequer for Interest, after the Rate of £.4 per Centum per Annum, on Loans made there, on Credit of the Produce of this Fund, granted and directed to be applied by an Act 31° Georgii a-1, towards the Supply of the Year 1759 - - - - , ' -

4,279 9

By Cash, taken in further Part of £.2,250,000 granted to his Majesty, towards the Supply of the Year 1759, pursuant to the said Act 320 Georgii 2dl, Page 472, in that Behalf -

844,695 15 2j L453, H9 ~ 2|

O

M

o

This being the Seventy-fifth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Act 9® Georgii iml. Page 367, is humbly presented, this 12th Day of January 1761.

7. West.

e

o

00

ABSTRACT of the said Suhplusses,

g

eg'

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

Ao

FT


The FXCIIFPULR to the SINKING FUND....

To Surplus Monies arifeu within the Half Year, ended the 10th of October 1760; viz* Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 -

Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund, Brought fioin Account, Folio 2 Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 -

Dr.

£ s. d.

93s»*86 19 2

97,826 5 1

39*77° 19 oj

To Money nrifen by Sale of unrated Goods undervalued, brought to this Account pursuant n° Gromit in,i. Page 146 -

To Monies brought to this Account the 10th of October 1760, p'urfuaut to the Act the 25® Georgii 2dl, for consolidating the Funds; viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted by an Act 40 Georgii 2<n, for the £. Service of the Year j 731 ----- 14,939

Surplus of the additional Duties on low Wines and strong Waters, granted per

Acts 16’, and 170, Georgii 2di - -- - -- - 37*8-25

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted per Act t8° Georgii

2-1, for the Service of the Year 1745 ----- 32,669

The like of the Duties upon Glals and spirituous.Liquors, granted per Act 190

Georgii, 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1746 ----- 18,318

The like of the Rates and Duticsupon Houses, Windows, and Lights, grantedper

Act ‘20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747 - - - - 58,356

The like of the Duty on Coaches,* grarited per Act 20* Georgii 2dl, for the Service

of the said Year ----- 29,616

TheSubfidy on Goods and Merchandize imported, granted on Act 24° Georgii

2*, for the Service of the Year 1748 - -162,717

The Duty of 6d, per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted per Act 6° Georgii imI,

for the Service of the Year 1720 - 671

Tiie Duty of 40s. per Annum for Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of Gold or Silver Plate, granted from 5th July 1758, per Act the 31° Georgii 2dl ----- 6,205

The Duty of 12s. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted per Act 100 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to the Aftr*27° Georgii 2di, Page 118 - 3,622

To the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2° Georgii 2^, for raisin^ the Sum of £. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 28® Georgii

s" Page 457 - -.....- - - - 26,348

To the Surplus of the Duties on Coals, continued per Act 1° Georgii -2dl, for raising the Sum of £.1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act, 28* Georgii 241 18,759

To the Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors,

brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 29° Georgii 2di, Page 312 - - 17,164

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to

One other Act, 29° Georgii 2dl, Page 323.....- - 2,99a

Jo the several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Pdlitic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 29* Georgii 2*, Page 332 - - - 10,107

to Act

paded

s. d.

12 1

4 4

*7 5z >5 4 8 11 16 5i 2 9

9 6J

l* 8J

l7 9

— - 6

1,405,884 3

5 11 — 2

dated the iotli of (TSlober 1760.

Per Contra

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Intercit, dm* liie 5th of July 1760, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 13,537,821 5s. 1 \d. fubforibed to the Joint. Stock of£. 3per Cent, transferrable Annuiticsai the Bank of iEngland, pursuant to the Acts 250, *28°, 29°, &. 32°, Georgii 2dl, in that Behalf

By D*, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year -By the chief Cashier of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Haifa Year’s Annuity, due the said 5th ol'Ju/y 1700, on £.7,590,000, l>cing the Amount of the Annuities and Lottery established by an Act 32* Georgii 2di, and by an Act 330 Georgii 2dI, consolidated with and added to the above Joint Slock of £. 13,537,821 5s. ljrf. -

By the said chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Haifa Year’s Interest, due the 10th of October 1760, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent. per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.17,701,323 16s. ^d. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities, traus-ferrable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Ad 250 Georgii 2dI, Page 598, in that Behalf -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -

By D* more for Half a Year’s Interest due the 5th oijuly 17G0, being after the Rate of £ 3 10s.

per Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum of£. 1,500,000, Part of Two millions lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Ad 290 Georgii 2dl, Page 224, in that Behalf -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -

By Haifa Year’s Annuity, due the 5th of July 1760, being after the Hate of £. 3 per Cent, per

Annum, on the principal Sum of £.2,100,000 transferrable at the South Sea House, lent ou Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Ad 24* Georgii 2dl, Page 39, in that Behalf -By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that Behalf -

By the chief Cashier of the said Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c. to reimburse the Fees and Charges in passing the Accounts of the Monies iraprerted to him for paying the said Annuities (1751), and for his Trouble and other Charges in the Premises, for 3 Years, ended the 5th Day of January 1760 -

By Cash taken to ftulwer Annuities on Angle Lives payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 39P Georgii 2^, and charged on this Fund by an Act 32* Georgii 2*’, for the Half Year ended the 5th of July 1760 ——

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on £. 2,531 5s. per Annum for Charges of Management of Annuities’ at £. 3 10s. per Cent, on the principal Sum of £.4,500,000, Part of Five millions borrowed pursuant to an Act 310 Georgii 2dl, £. d.

for the Service of the Year 1758, for Two Years, ended the 5th of Julu 1760 5,062 10 —

By the said Cashier more, on £.281 5 s. per Annum for Charges of Management of the Lottery Annuities amounting to £-500,090, other Part of the said Five millions, for One Year and a Half, due the said 5th of Ju/y 1760,'the Charges of Management ferrthe said Five millions being mdde paygtile outbf tfeii fgnd. by aClause in this said Act 310 Georgii2", Page 7*1, in that Behalf - - 421 17 6

Cr.

203,067 6 4i

3,726 10 21;

113.850 — ' "*

265,5»9 17 'f 4,978 9 io|

26,250-----

421 17 6

31,500-----

590 12 6

1,075 16 — 16,65*-----

5,4*+ 7

I %* J'anmriu A. 1761

K>

CO

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 3-2° Gcvrgii 2dl To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like -To the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences for retailing Wine, the like -To D° of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, the like -To the Subsidy 011 Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 320 Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 330 Georgii 2dl

Page 305 - ....

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, the like -

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like -

110,275 11 8

3°»97> 17 8

4732 *3 11

11,587 — 10

14,79° 12 6

65,199 6 11

5.823 — —

654 — —

To Monies granted out of the Supply 1760, for the Purposes following, per A,ft 330 Georgii 2dl, Page 355, in that Behalf; viz.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th of January 1759, of the Duties on Glass and spirituous Liquors, to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 2dl -

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th of January 1759, of the additional Stamp Duty, Duty on Licences for retailing Wine, Duty on Coals exported, and Surplus of the Duty on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, made a Fund by an Act 30° Georgii 2dl for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Hate of£. 3 per Cent. 011 £ 3,000,009, as also the Life Annuities payable at the Exchequer, and other Charges thereupon -

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th of July 1759, of the several Hates and Duties upon Offices

8,752 6 to

7>c5*

(5$4,348 I*

and Petitions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made \ct 31® Geuri’ii -2di, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England

a Fund by an Ac

in respect of Five Millions borrowtd towards the Supply granted ftfl* the Service of the Year 1758 ——

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th of July 1759, of the Sublidv of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes imported, and an additional inland Duty on Coflee amt Chocolate, to answer Annuities after the Hate of £.3 per Centum charged thereupon pursuant to the Act 320 Georgii 2*

124,7S6 7 1 i

84,141 15 8

C

225,281 19 4

;P5>5«9 *5 pi

r

By Caffi takeu to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1760, of the several Rates and

Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, ^hich were made a Fund by an Act 31* Georgii 2dl, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Rate, of £. 3 105. perCcnt. on £.4,500,000, aml£. 3 per Centum on £.500,000 in Lottery Annuities, making together £. 5,000,000 borrowed towards the Supply granted to Kis Majesty for the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted iu Parliament, as per Clause In the said Act, Page-746, hi that Behalf By Calli. taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th of July 1760, of the several Duties on Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2dl, to answer Annuities, after the Rate of £.4 per Cent. charged thereupon pursuant to the said Act, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament* a* per ClUufe in the said Act, Page 219, in that' Behalf By Cash pa>d at the Exchequer for Intereli, after the Rate of £.4 per Cent - per Annum, on Loans made there on Credit of the Produce of this Fund, granted and dtrefted to be applied by an Act 320 Georgii 2dl towards the Supply of the Year 1759 -

By Calli paid the Usher of the Exchequer for Neeeflhries furnished the Exchequer Bill Office,

By Caih taken in full of £. 2,250,000 granted towards the Supply of the Year 1759, pursuant to an Act 3*° Georgii 2dl, Page 472, in that Behalf - - - -v - - - ,

By Calfi taken in part of £.2,602,706 9 s. 9 d. granted out of this. Fund towards the Supply of the Year 1760, pursuant. to an Act 330 Georgii 2dl, Page 384, iu that Behalf - - - f —

C*.

c d'

*5.558----- i

49.4*+-----

l6 id % 26 17 8

463*31 J4

i.'°3.i44 9 »«l

o

m

o.

*,315,519 15 9i

This being the Seventy-sixth Half-yearly Accompt, made up pursuant to the Act (f Georgii l*1, Page 367, is humbly presented this 12th Day of January 1761.

7 We/L

*3


I*

F*'

ft

o

<JTV

ioi<5 12°- — .13T Januarii.

Ordered, That the said Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Debtors. A Petition of the poor unhappy Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Prifori of the Fleet, in behalf of themselves and many thousands confined there and in the other Prisons of this Kingdom; and also,

Ditto. A Petition of the Debtors confined in the County

Gao! of Somerset, in behalf of themselves and others the Debtors in this Kingdom; and also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol the Castle of York:

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

complaining of iheir Distress, and praying Relief. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief ofinfolvent Debtors: And that Mr. Bud gen, Mr. Cooke, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir George Savile, and Mr. Proivfe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Samuel Martin, from the Treasury, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Lord Lovat’i A Paper, intituled, " Certificate from the Barbns of forfeited the Exchequer in Scotland to the Commissioners of Estater. u his Majesty’s Treasury, with relation to the forfeited " Estate forne time belonging to Simon late Lord " Lovat" and also,

A Paper, intituled, " Certificate from the Lords of " Council and Session, in Scotland to the Barons of the " Court of Exchequer there, of the Claims sustained " upon the Eltatefome time belonging to Simon late Lord Ltwat."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Doghouse OrderedThat Sir Samuel Fin dyer, Mr. Fonereau, Bar from Mr. Zachary Philip Fonereau, Mr. John.Gore, Lord

Road.10" Strange, Mr. Ilcrne, Mr. Willy, Mr. Sargent, Sir Robert.

llildyard, Mr. Ncivnham, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Joseph Lockyer, Sir William Given, Mr. Julines Bedford, Sir James Colcbrooke, Mr. Robert Bri/tmce, Sir John Cust, Mr. Holt, Mr. Earle, Mr. Jenijns, Mr. Offley, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Pole, Lord Roys ton, Mr. Morton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ncfbit, Sir William Baker, Mr. John Bristozve, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Merrick Burrell, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Affleck, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Gajhry, Colonel Fi/zroy, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Lee, Mr. George Colebrooke, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Charles Toion/hend, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making, widening, and repairing, a Road from the North-East Side of the Islington Road; opposite to the Road called the New Road, over the fields and Grounds to Old Street Road, opposite to the Doghouse Bar, and at and from the Doghouse Bar, to the End of ChifwelL Street, by the Artillery Ground, is committed.

Asfordby Mr. Plumptre presented to the House, according to Incioiure. Ohler, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Asfordby, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Hcflin'rron Sir George Savile presented to the House, according iacloiure. to Order, a Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing common or waste Ground within the Manor or Lonllh ip of Ifejlington, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Rcarfcy An ingrossecl Bill for the dividing and inclosing the Inciolurc. open arable Lands, and the open Meadow, pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Pari 111 of Rearpy, in the County of Leicester, was read 1 he Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ► be An Act for the dividi ng and inclosing the open arable,

18

Lands, and the (men Meadow, pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Rearjhy, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Ddybeing read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole-House, Duty on upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty an additional Beer' Duty upon Beer and Ale; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duty;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday g Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the p;B. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Duty on House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty an act- *c* ' ditional Duty upon Beer and Ale; and for raising a,

certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities and a \

Lottery, to be charged on the said Duty

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said' Bill for the farther Encouragement of the Exportation of Ale and strong Beer.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. I

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 130 die Januarii;

Anno i° Georgii IIltli Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

QR D E R E D, That Mr. Prozvfe be added to the Pailton Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bi ing Indofuit. in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Impropriators of Pailton, in the Parish of Monks Kirby, in the County of Warwick, and of the Vicar and Incumbent of the Parish Church of Monks Kirby aforesaid, and of the severalFreeholders, Owners, and Proprietors, of Lands and Estates in t he open and common Fields of Pailton aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Mr. William Gerard Hamilton, from the Commis- Nova Sco sioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the and Georj House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Estimate of the Charge of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1761.

Mr. William Gerard Hamilton also, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

An

i Geo. III.

i 3° Janu

An Estimate of the civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony oiGeoigia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th June 1760, to 24th of June 1761.

1017

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

An ESTI M ATE of the Charge of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony

of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1761.

To the Salaries of the Civil Officers and Magistrates of Halifax, Lunenburgh, and other Settlements in the Colony, the maintaining and supporting an Orphan House, and other contin- t- s- d-

gent Expences attending the Civil Establishment To the Seamen’s Wages, Stores, Provisions, Repairs, and incidental Expences, of Three armed Sloops and Three Schooners in the Service of the Colony - 6,370 2 2

4,225 10 7

c i°,595 12 9

A n ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1760, to the 24th of June 1761;

To the Salaries of the Governor* and other Officers and Magistrates established in the Colony To an Allowance to a Minister of the Church of England established at Savannah To the Salaries of Two Schoolmasters; One at Savannah, and One at Vernonburgh and A Bon ——

To an Allowance to the Pilot stationed at the Mouth of Savannah River* with a Boat and sufficient Hands -

To repairing the public Buildings* entertaining the Indians, and othercontigent Expences -To the Salary of an Agent appointed here for the Affairs of the Colony -

To a Continuation of the Provisions made by the lateTrustees for purchasing from the Growers the Balls or Cocoons of raw Silk, and as an Encouragement of the Growth and Culture of it

£ s. d.

2,120-----

7°-----

46-----

50 — — 421 10 —

35°-----

1,000 -

4,057 10

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Kora Scotia. The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the ift of February 1760, of the Return made from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to an Order of this House* for an Account to be laid before this House of the Monies paid, and Charges incurred, by Supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the First o( January 1759, to the 31st of December following, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the First of January 1759, to the 31st of December following.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the First of January 1760, to the 31st of Decemberfollowing.

Rafch’s &c. An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Frederick Rafch, Nat. was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Rafch and John Roger Siebel.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Taphouse A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the through East End of West Taphouse Lane, through the several Liskeard Parishes of Broad Oak, Saint Pinnock, and Liskeard, g 8* through the Parish of Menheniot, and over Butterdon Water to Coombrow House, in the Parish of Saint Ive, Vol. a8.

in the Codnty of Cormvall; and also the Roads from the said Borough of Lijkeard, through the Parishes of Menheniot, Saint Germans, Sheviock, Antony, in the said County, and Maker, to Crimble Passage'in the said County, or in the County of Devon; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Eliot, Mr. John Butler, Mr. Champion, Mr. Buller, Niv. Dun-combe, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Stanley, Lord Midleton, Mr. Hume, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fane, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Ofzvald, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Tudzvay, Sir John Philips, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Colleton, Mr. More, Mr. Charlton, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Gore, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bacon, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Heivett, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Martin, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Montague, Mr Vaughan, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Charles Hczvard, Mr. Fane, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Prowse* Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Grenville, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Charles Tozvn-field, Mr. Trift, Admiral Pocock, Mr. Brudenell, Admiral Frankland, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Bull, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Morton, Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Mr. Olmius, S\r William Owen, Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Cocks, Sir James Colebrvoke, Admiral Tozvnjhend, Lord Panmure, Admiral Rodney, Mr. Ijyfler, Admiral OJboni; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Somerset, and Dorset.: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Verdigrease imported into this Kingdom for Seven Years last past dist each Year*

12 C An

Account of Verdi grtafe Imported.

io i8

13° — 140 Januarii. ' A. 1761.

Grampound An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road. Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Aujlell and LoJlwithieU and from thence to 1 he Ealt End of the Western Taphouse Lane, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Bejblved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An A6i for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Gram-pound, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Aujlell and Lojhvilhiel, and from thence to the East End of the Western Taphouse Lane, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandy s do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Falmouth Ordered, That Mr. Peter Burrell do make the Re-

Read. port from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace adembled, April the 15th 1760, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the County of Cornwall, and also the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, residing in or near the Boroughs oiPenryn and Helstone, in the said County, and the several Market Towns of Falmouth, Ma-raxion, and Penzance, in the said County, is referred.

Supply Bill; Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Duty on Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Beer, ice. granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Beer

and Ale; and for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duty; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the charging with the Duty, Beer and Ale to be spent on Shipboard.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for preventing Frauds iu relation to the Bounty and Drawback.

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.


And then the I louse adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14.0 die Januarii;

Anno i° Georgii IIItil Regis, 1761, Prayers.

Nova Scotia. Ti /TR. William Gerard Hamilton reported from the JLVJL Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, That the Orders made Yesterday, " That there be laid before " this House, an Account of the Money paid, ant}

" Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining " the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony, of Nova " Scotia, from the First of January 17 59, to the 31 ft of " December following;" and also, " That there be " laid before this House, an Account of the Money €t paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony " of Nova Scotia, from the First of January 1760, to the c< 31st of December following cannot at pie lent be complied with, by reason the proper Officers in the said Colony have not transmitted any Account of the Expenditure, or any Vouchers for the Payment, of Money, for the Years 175^ and 1760; but that, as soon as the Accounts and V ouchers shall be received, . the Accounts shall be made up with all possible Dispatch, and laid before the House.

And the said Report was read.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of PacVm^toa the Parish of Cole/hill, in the County of Warwick, whose Road*. Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; alleging,

That the Petitioners obfejve, that a Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Parishes of Great and Little Packington, in the said County, has been presented to the House, for Power to flop up and discontinue Part of the Road from the Guide Pofi on Mereden Heath, to a Horse Bridge called Little Packing ton Bridge, and from thence through the said Parish of Little Packington, to Cole/hill; and representing to the House, that, should that Part of the said Road, which leads from Little Packington Bridge to Coltjhill aforesaid, be discontinued, the Petitioners will be obliged, in their Wav from Colejhill to Mereden, to pass over a small Part of a Road leading from Castle Broomwich to Stone Bridge, directed to be repaired by a former AS:; and that, should any Gate be erected, under the Power of the said former Act, between Stone Bridge and the Place where the Road leading from Colejhill to Mereden aforesaid joins the Road leading from Castle Broomivich to Stone Bridge, it would be greatly prejudicial and oppressive to the Petitioners and other Travellers going from Colejhill to Mereden aforesaid: And therefore praying, That the House will give the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Parishes of Great Packington and Little Packington, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the rift of the Iu habitants of the said Parishes, is referred: And that" they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur- Army Extol fuantto their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of extraordinary Services incurred from the 20th November 1760, to 24th of December following, not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

A

i Geo. Ill 14° Januarii,

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred, from the 20th of November 1760,

December following, not provided for by Parliament.

IOI9

*° the 24th of

To Meftrs. Walpole, Mellish, and Touche tt, to be by them remitted to the Deputy Paymaster of the combined Army in Germany, and to be by him applied and paid over for the extraordinary Expences and Contingencies thereof according to Directions from the Commander in Chief of the British Forces there, or by the Supervisor, Director, and Comptroller, of his Majesty’s Commissaries in the said Army,per Warrant of 18th November 1760 150,000-

To Messieurs Mogens and A my and., to be by them remitted to the Deputy Paymaster of the combined Army in D°, for the same Use and Purposes as aforesaid, per Warrant of 8th of December 1760 - - - 150,000-

To Messieurs Drummond and Co. to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange drawn by Messieurs Pye and Cruikjhank, by Order of the Marquis of Granby, for Forage, 8c. provided for the Use of the combined Army under the Command of Prince Ferdinand, per Warrant of 6th of December 1760- ----- 15,216 19 —

To D°, to satisfy and discharge a . Bill of Exchange drawn by D#, by Order of D°, for Forage, 8c. provided for the Use of D# Army, per D° of D°

Date - 16,952 4 —

To D°, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange drawn by D°, by Order of D% for Forage, 8c. provided for the Use of D° Army, per D° of D°

Date - - - 120,000--

To D°, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange Drawn by D°, by Order of D°, for Forage, 8c. provided for the Use of D° Army, per Warrant of

20th December 1760 -

To D°, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange drawn by D°, by Order of D#, for Forage, 8c. provided for the Use of D° Army, per Warrant of

22d December 1760 - -

To Messieurs Drummond and Co. to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange drawn by Messieurs Pye and Cruikjhank, by Order of the Marquis of Granby, for Forage, 8c. provided for the Use of the combined Army under the Command of Prince Ferdinand, per Warrant of the 22dof December 1760 - -

To D°, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange drawn by D% by Order of D°, for Forage, 8c. provided for the Use of D° Army, per D° of D°

Date -

To D°, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange drawn by D°, by Order of D°, for Forage, 8c. provided for the Use of D° Army, per D° of D°

Date -

To D#, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange drawn by D°, by Order of D°, for Forage, 8c. provided for the Use of D# Army,per D° of 3d January 1761 - - 13,926 8 9

To Messieurs Thomlinfon, Colebrooke, Nesbitt, and Hanbury, to be by them remitted in Specie to North America, for extraordinary Services relating to the Forces there, per Warrant of the 29th of November 1760 ----- 150,000 — —

To D°, to be remitted in Specie to D°, for D° Services, per Warrant of 20th

December 1760 - ----- 100,000 — —

To Messieurs Baker, Kilby, and Baker, for Provisions issued by them to the Forces in North America, according to Contract, from 23d October 1759, to 31st December following, per

42,266 12 —

7,450 — 6 36,110 11 6

3,881 11 10

575 10 6

368 16 4

386 10 7

201 — 8

Warrant of the 4th August 1760 -

To D°, for Provisions issued by them to the Forces in D#, according to D°, from ift January 1760, to nth February following,per D°ofD°Date To Messieurs Baker, Kilby, and Baker, for Provisions issued by them to the Forces in North America, according to Contract, from 12th February 1760, to 25th March following,per Warrant of 6th December 1760 To D°, for Bread and Flour iflTued by them by Order of the Commander in Chief, for sick Men in Garrison or Quarters in North America, when they were supplied with frefti Meat by the Commiftary of Stores, between 22d October 1759, an(l S1^ December following, per Warrant of 4th of August 1760 - . - -

To D°, for D° issued by them by Order of D°, for the like Service, between ift January 1 760, and nth February following, per Warrant of D* Date To D% for D° issued by them by Order of D°, for the like Service, between 12th February 1760, and 25th March following, per Warrant of 6th of December 1760 -

To D°, for Provisions which belonged to them, and which were damaged, condemned, and destroyed, as unfit for the Use of the Troops, through the Want of a Sufficiency of Storehouses, 8c. between 2d of November 1759, and ill January 1760, per Warrant of 4th August 1760 -To D°, for D° which belonged to D#, and which were damaged, condemned, and destroyed, as unfit for the Use of D# Troops, for Want of a Sufficiency of Warehouses, 8c. between 2d of January 1760, and 25th March Iollow-ing, Per Warrant of 6th December 1760 - -

43x14 13 3 4>3°6 3 —

10,482 8 8

16,000 — —

Vol. 28.

3oo,oooo — —

260,998 16 8

250,000 —

91,240 13 xi To

1020 14° Januarii.

To William Baker Esquire, for Provisions issued by him to the Forces in Nova Scotia, according to Contract, from 18th February 1760, to nth of May following, per Warrant of the 4th of August 1760 - - - 5,423 12 6

To William Baker Esquire, for Provisions issued by him to the Forces in Nova Scotia, according to Contract, from 12th May 1760, to 6th July following, per Warrant of 6th of October 1760 - 5,128 14 6

To Chauncy Townsend Esquire, for Provisions issued by him to the Augmentation of Major General Barrington's Regiment in Nova Scotia, from 24th Jmie 1760, to 23d September following,/?^’ Warrant of 2iff October 1760 -

To Matthew Woodford Esquire, for Provisions furnished by him to the Forces in the Garrison of Annapolis Royal, from iff of January 1760, to 30th June following, per Warrant of 15th August 1760 -

To Mr. John Willan, upon Account, for furnishing Bread, Bread Waggons, Forage, Wood, and Straw, for the Forces encamped in the Summer 1759,/^* Warrant of 20th December 1760 - 8,862 2 S

To Archibald Frajer, Esquire, upon Account of D* Service for the Forces

encamped in the Summer ijGo, perY)0 of D° Date - 3,000-----

To satisfy sundry Bills drawn by Robert Melvill Esquire, Lieut. Governor and Commander in Ciiief of Guadeloupe, for Payment of public contingent Charges of the said Government, per Warrant of 6th of October, 1760 ----- 5,565 *5 2

To satisfy D", drawn by D° on said Account, per Warrant of 20th December

1760- - - 3,400-----

To sundry Bills drawn by Mr. Thomas Cheap, for Wood and Coals purchased by him for the Use of the Forces upon the Expedition under the Command of Major General Kingjley To Major General Kingjleij, to provide himself with an Equipage as Commander in Chief on an Expedition, per Warrant of 17th November 1760 -

To the Contractors for Victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, and to answer all Payments made and to be made to complete that Service, as well for Victualling as for Insurance, and all incidental Expences to the 24th of December 1760 -

To Bas, Baggage, and Forage, for the 5th Division of Independent Companies commanded by Capt. John Wemyfs, ordered on foreign Service per Warrant of 26th November 1760 - - 455-----

To D\ for Commandant Thomas's Independent Company, per Warrant of

30th August 1760 - 8210 —

To D°, for 7 Companies of Col. Craufurd's Regiment of Royal Volunteers,

per Warrant of 17th November 1760 - - - 745-----

To D°, for a Company of Lieut. Col. Drapers Battalion, per Warrant of

30th August 1760 - 62 10 —

To 200dl Forage for Twenty Regiments of Foot -

To Camp Necessaries for the Earl of Panmure's Regiment of Foot, per Warrant of 26th No-

vember 1760

To D°, to Lieutenant General Dejeans and Major General Honyxvood's Regiment of Horse, Lieut. Gen. Waldegrave's Regiments of Dragoons, and Lieut. Col. Hales's Light Dragoons, per Warrant of the 10th of December 1760

To D°, for 9 Regiments of Foot, per Warrant of 19th November 1760

To D°, for repairing and completing Camp Necessaries for Col. Colvills Col. Parjlow's, and Lieutenant Col. Draper's Regiments, per Warrant of 10th December 1760 -

399

1,812

3>566

*9

12

8

489 6 3

To Camp Necessaries for the Berkshire Regiment of Militia, per Warrant of

26 th November 1760 - 281136

To D°, for the BedfordshireD0,p<?r D° of 10th December 1760 - - 181 4 11

To Mr, John Trotter, for Knapsacks furnished by him for the Use of the Militia, per Warrant of 10th September 1760 -

To replace Arms and Accoutrements of Major General Kingsley'sRegiment of Foot, per Warrant of 12th November 176© -

To D®, to the Earl of Home's Regiment, per Warrant of 26th November 1760 To replace Horses loft and destroyed, belonging to the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, per Warrant of 10th December 1760 -

To D°, of several Regiments, per D° of D° Date -

To Lieut. Gen HuJJce, to enable him to replace Swords and Accoutrements,

Kc. of his Regiment, which were loft or rendered unserviceable in the Campaign 1759, per Warrant of 26th November 1760 -

To Sir Charles Howard, to enable him to replace D° of his Regiment., which were loft or rendered unserviceable in D° Campaign, per D° of D° Date -To Lieutenant General Napier, for D® of his Regiment which were loft or rendered unserviceable in D° Campaign, per D° of D° Date

47 4 5i

50 13 4*

487 12 —

98 8 '

5*1 16 8

94 15 10

7°4 1 8

To 87^ Pay of Eleven subaltern Officers who went with Draughts to Germany at 5s. a Da\ each»from 26th August 1759* to 20th November following, both inclusive,per Warrant of 3d May 1760....

A. 1761

10,552 7

1,805 10 1,638 —

11,862 2

8,96515 2,43916 1,000 —

13,832 8

i.345 — 9>3°° —

6,267 19

462 18 657 14

2,004 it *39 5

Bath

Roads.

Falmouth

Road,

i Geo. III. 140 Januaril

1021

To the Marches, Sic. of the Some'rfet/hire Militia, perWarrant of the i ith of December 1760 To 3 id" Pay of an Augmentation to the 5th Division of Independent Companies, from 24th November, to 24th December 1760, at ns. a Day - -

To 6d> Pay of the Lancashire Militia, from 19th to 24th of December 1760* at £. 34 7 s. a Day To Major General Carr, for divers Neoefiaries furnished by him for the ill and 3d Battalions of the 1 ft Regiment of Foot Guards cantoned in Somerset House and the Savoy Barracks, to the 24th June 1760, per Warrant of 26th July 1760 -

To Sir John Mylne, for 228 Chaldrons of Coals for the Invalids at Guernsey, for One Year, at £.2 55 per Chaldron, per Warrant of 30th August 1760 -

To io6d* Pay of Major John Ttifton Mason, as Governor of Fort I^ewis, &c. on the River Senegal on the Coast of Africa, from 25th December 1758, to 9th April 1759, the Day of his landing in England, at the Rate of £.2 a Day, per Warrant of 26th November 1760 To John Cathcart Esquire, Director of the Hospitals, for various Services, per Warrant of 10th of December 1760 -

To Thomas Parker Esquire, for Governor Nation's extraordinary Disbursements for the necessary Support of the Garrison of Goree, from itfh June 1759, to 14th July 1760,per Warrant of 3d January 1761 -

To Henry Wauchope, for Coals, 8(c. for the Forces that are or may be in Barracks at Plymouth, per Warrant of 12th November 1760 -

To the Royal Forrefters, in lieu of 71d* Off-reckonings, per Warrant of 24th December 1760 Due to the Duke of Brunswick, to make up the full Pay, as stipulated by Treaty, for his Troops in the Service of Great Britain, for t.hS Year 1760 - -

no U 8

*7 — 206 2 —

976 15 10 627 --

212-----

5,000-----

1,035 l3 10

goo — —

5i 9 9

10,494 9 iof

War-Office, 14 January 1761.

Barrington.

993>844 4 4l

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

Sir Charles Kcmys Tynte presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads leading to the City of Bath, and for amending several other Roads near the said City; as directs the laying out a new Road from the Bridge at Bath to Rush Hill: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Peter Burrell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace assembled, April the 15th 1 760, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the County of Cornwall, and also the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, residing in or near the Boroughs of Penryn and Halftone, in the said County, and the several MarketTowns of Falmouth, Marazion, and Penzance, in the said County, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. W 772. Webb, being examined, said, That the great Poll Road leading from Falmouth to the Land’s End, in the Parish of Sennev, in the said County, through the several Towns and Parishes described in the Petition, is very ruinous and narrow, and dangerous for Travellers, and that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Method prescribed by Law.

Mr. Wm. Woodley confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Webb.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Road leading from the Tpwu of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through Jhe Towns of Penryn, Helston, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge: And that Mr. Peter Burrell and Mr. William Gerard Hamilton do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Squire, Dean of Vox., 28.

Bristol, be desired to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, upon Friday the 13th Day of February next, being the Day appointed by his Majesty’s Royal Proclamation for a General Fall: And that Mr. Samuel Martin, Mn Charlton, Mr. West, and Mr. George Onslow, do acquaint him therewith.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Beer and Ale; and for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duty; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 5* After u shall," to insert " except such <c Parts as relate to the Size of the Calks, and Burthen " of the Ships or Vessels."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon strong Beer and Ale and for raifnig the Sum of Twelve Millions, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duty, and for farther encouraging the Exportation of strong Beer and Ale.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That Surpluses, dated the 5th April 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses, Hated the iotli of October 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That h? was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

12 D Refolved\

Dr. $<piire

to preach oil Fait Day.

Supply Bill Duty on Beer, &c.

Supply.

icm 14* — x5*

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning: next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Re/blved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole eans. j-|ouse> consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 150 die Januarii;

Anno i° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

West r\ R D ERE I), That Mr. Prowfehe added to the Gen-HaHdon tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a inclosure. Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Lord of the Manor of West Haddon, in the County of Northampton, ana of the Patron, Vicar, and Incumbent, of the Parish and Parish Church of West Haddon aforesaid, and of the Freeholders and Proprietors of Lands and Commons in the open and common Fields and Heath, of West IIaddon aforesaid.

Moreton Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston be added to the Gentle-

Piokney men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, Inclosure. pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of common Lands, common Meadows, common Failures, common Grounds, commonable Lands, and Tythes, or Moduses payable in lieu thereof, lying and arising within the Fields, Liberties, Terri Tories, Precincts, and Township, of Moreton Pinkney, in the County of Northampton, and of others, Owners and Proprietors of certain Meffu ages. Cottages, or Tenements, in Moreton Pinkney aforesaid.

Account of The House being informed, That Mr. Johnson, from Beer, &c. t]ie Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; exporte . He was ca|jtc| jn . ancjj at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the gross Quantity of Beer and Ale exported, and the Drawbacks allowed on the fame, and at what Rate per Barrel, from the 5th July 175S, to the 5th July 1760.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this SelBon.

Duchy of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Cornwall enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of ea ng. QfflceSj Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned: And that Mr. Bayn-tun, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, "Mr. West, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Hujfey, and Mr. Elliot, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Tudway’s Mr. Ptraivfe presented to the House, according to Exchange. Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing an Exchange of Lands agreed to be made between Charles Tudzoay Esquire and the Archdeacon of Wells, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Verdigrease The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkyns, from imported. fcUe Commissioners of the Custoirts, attended at the "Door;

Januarii. A. 1761*

He was Called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Verdigrease imported into England for Seven Years, frotn Christmas 1752, to Christmas 1759; ditlinguishing each Year,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom Gioucefor, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are &c. Road* thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing and making more effectual an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late’ Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, being the Road to London, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Cricklcy Hill, being the Road to Oxford; and also of several other Persons, being Freeholders or Inhabitants of the said County of Gloucester; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in attheClerks Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Lawrence Mills, being examined,said, That great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads; and that great Part of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts remains unpaid; and he appre* hends the Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads eflfe6tua!ly repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of, and enlarging and altering the Powers granted and continued by, au Act, made in the 16th Year of his late Majesty s Reign, for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill: And that Mr. Berkeley,

Mr. Stanley, and Mr. Barrow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

0/ </e?vd, That Mr. Borrow be added to the Gentlemen SnowM who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pur- Inclosure. I suant to the Prayer of the Petition of Samuel Blackivcli Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Snoivjhill, hi the County of Gloucester, Robert Kirk ham. Clerk, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Staunton, with the Chapel of SnowJhiUy to the Rectory and Parish Church of Staunton annexed, the Right honourable Arthur Lord Viscount Sudley, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Manor of Snow/hill aforesaid.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-nine thousand Four hundred Twenty-four Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1760, of the several Duties on Malt granted by

an

1

i Geo. III. 15* —

bn Act 33* Georgii iA\ to answer Annuities after the Rate of£. 4 per Centum, charged thereupon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-two thousand and Eleven Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1760, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were" made a Fund by an Act 310 Georgii 2il, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of Five millions borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Nine hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty* to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1760, of the Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes imported, and an additional inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate, to answer Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds pet Centum, charged thereupon pursuant to the Act 32* Georgii 2d*.

" *' The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House*

Keiths The other Order of the Day being read, for the House

forfeired to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Estates* to consider of the Petition of George Keith, late Earl Mareschal;

Ordered, That the Report from the Comrtiissioners appointed to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, &c. in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland* which was presented to the House upon the 18th Day of May 1717, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce and Profits of the forfeited Estates and Interests in Scotland, frhich was presented to the House upon the 9th Day of April 1719, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report from the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of February 1722, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the final Report of the Commissioners and Trustees for the forfeited Estates, which was presented to the House upon the 15th Day of April 1724, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the final Report of the Commissioners and Trustees of the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which was presented to the House upon the 17th Day of Ap)il 1725, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Appendixes annexed to the Report, which, upon the 9th Day of May 1733, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water, in York Buildings, assembled in their General Court held at their House in Winchester Street, the 12th Day of January 173*, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Berkeley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, That they had directed him to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling his Majesty to grant to George Keithy late Earl Mareschal, his Executors, Admin ill rators, and Assigns, all such principal Money and Interest as now remain due to the Public for or upon Account of the Price or Purchase-money contracted to be paid for certain Parts of his Estates, after Payment and Satisfaction of all lawful Debts and Claims which affeCled the same at the time of his At-Vol. 28.

Jafitiarii. 1023

tainder; and for enabling him and them to sue for, recover, or compel Payment thereof.

And Mr. Berkeley moved thfe House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling his Majesty to grant to George Keithy late Earl Mareschal, his Executors, Adfiiinistrators, and Assigns, all such Principal Money and Interest as now remain due to the Public for or upon Account of the Price or Purchase-money contracted to be paid lor certain Parts of his Estates, after Payment and Satisfaction of all lawful Debts and Claims which affected the same at the time of his Attainder; and for enabling him and them to sue for, recover, or compel, Payment thereof:

And that Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Forrejlert Mr. Kynaston* and Mr. Selivyn, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Prowse presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common inci0fur* and open Fields, and common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, Heath and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of West Haddon, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received:

Ordered, That Mr. Prowse have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read ,a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 16° die Januarii j

Anno i° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1761.

P It A YE R Si

MR. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Moreion Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, common Meadows, common Paf* nc 0 urc* tures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Parish, Township, and Liberties, of More ton Pinkney, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be' read a Second time.

Mr. Berkeley presented to the House, according to SnoMiil! Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain common Inclosure. Fields and common Meadows, and a common Hill called Snozvjiiill Hill, lying within the Manor of Snowf hill, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

RefulvcdfYhaX the Bill be read a Second time*

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie be added to the C)om- Becontree mittee, to whom the Petition of several Traders, Ma- Small Debts, nufacturers, and others* living within the Half Hundred of Becontree, in the County of Ffjex, is referred.

Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, to whom Packington the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of Roads, the Pari ffies of Great Packington and Little Packington, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes and also the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Colejhill, in the County of Warzvick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in be^ialfof themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Mf.

k/Goo

1024

16° Januarii. 176

on Mr. William Large, Surveyor of the Turnpike Road from Stone Bridge, through Castle Bromwich, to a Place called the Welsh Harp, being examined, said, That the Parishes of Great Packington and Little Packington have been at great Expence in repairing the Road from Meriden Heath to Stone Bridge, having laid out, as he apprehends, above £. 200, and that the same is now in good and substantial Repair:

That t he Road from the Guide Post on Meriden Heath to Little Packington Bridge, and from thence to Colejhilt, in the said County,the constant Repairing whereof ^there being no Materials nearer than One Mile to the fame) is very expenliveand burthensome to the Inhabitants of the said Parities, who are but few, and have several Miles of other Roads to repair: That the said Road is at all times in the Winter Season very heavy, and, being upon marlhy Flat, the Wheels of Carriages cut in very deep: That the fame, to be effectually repaired, would in some Parts require to be raised Four Feet high; and that even the railing it would not, in Times of Floods, prevent it from being overflowed; and that, in Times of Floods, which frequently happen, the same is totally impassable for Carriages; and, in Times of Frofls, very difficult and dangerous to pass, and then they are obliged to go over Stone Bridge, which is about Three Quarters of a Mile about; That several Accidents have happened to Passengers passing the said Road: That the Witness remembers a Gentleman, in Time of a Flood, was thrown over Packingtofi Bridge, and carried down by the Stream: That the Road from the said Guide Post, by Stone Bridge to Colejhill aforesaid, being Part of it already made Turnpike Road, would be more commodious and passable for Carriages and Passengers, and be less expensive to the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Colejhill and Great Packington and Little Packington.

And the Witness further said. That Mr. Hodget, a Chester Carrier, told him, that the Road from the said Guide Port, over Stone Bridge, to Colejhill, is a better Way than the other; and Mr. Bojworth, a Carrier of Coke, for drying of Malt, that it would be full as convenient.

Mr. Edward Barber being examined, feid, That he knows the Road from the said Guide Post, by Littte Packington Bridge, to Colejhill, is very bad and deep in some Parts, and in moll Rains the same is impassable for Carriages, which then go by Stone Bridge, and which is abput Half a Mile about: That he apprehends, if Part of the Road from the said Guide Post to Packington Bridge was (lopped upanddiscontinued, it would be beneficial to the Inhabitants of Great Packington and Little Packington, who have many Miles of Road to repair, lying within the said Parishes, and be no Detriment to Travellers or Inhabitants of that Part of the Country but better for the Country in general.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

An Act, passed in the rail Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for repairing and widening th&Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton on Arden, in the County of Warwick, and from Castle Bromzvich to Birmingham in the same County, was read: And,

Mr. William Large said, That Passengers from Coles-hill to Stone Bridge will travel about One Mile and a Quarter on the Road directed to be repaired by the said Act; and that if any Gate should be erected, under the Power of the said Act, between Stone Bridge and the Place where the lload leading from Colejhill to Meriden joins the Road leading from Castle Bromwich to Stone Bridge, it will be very prejudicial to Persons travelling from Colejhill to Meriden aforesaid: That there is a Gate at present in the Town of Castle Bromzvich, which he, the Witness, thinks is at the moll proper Place it can be;

20

and that the Trustees were generally of that Opinion when the said Gate was erected.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for discontinuing the Use of a Road leading from a Farm House in the Parish of Great Packington, in the Occupation of Richard Harding, to a Stream of Water which divides the Parishes of Great Packington and Little Pack-inglon; and for preventing the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 33d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Stone Bridge to Castle Broomzvich, from erecting a Gate or Turnpike between Stone Bridge and the Place where the Road turns olf to Colejhilt, in the County of War-zoic k: And that Mr. Prowse and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bei'kclcy presented to the House, according to Gloucester, Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of, and enlarging *c* and altering the Powers granted and continued by, an 03 Act, made in the 16th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Tallow 32d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act imported to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable *romiuiiBi upon Tallow imported from Ireland, might be read:

And the feme being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Exeter Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants, of tha-City of Exon, Street*, which was presented to the House upon Thursday the 18th Day of December lall,-and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read:

And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to' the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Walter, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fellowes, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Morton, M r. Cartwright, Mr. Nugent, Sir Charles Mor daunt,

Mr. More, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Which-cot, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coventry, Mr Fane, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Tucker, Mr, Crefwell, Mr. Bay n tun, Mr. Wig ley, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Lloyd, Mr. Plumplre, Mr. Gore, Mr. Nov they. Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mi*. Wilkes, Mr. Hamilton, Sir George Savile, Mr. Luttrell, Lord North, Mr.

Yorke, Sir John Philipps, Admiral Tozcnfend, Admiral Pocock; and all the Members who serve for l he Counties of Devon, Cornzvall, Somerftt, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, I

in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for altering, widening, and repairing, the Roads Martock,i from the Direction Stone at Dyed Way in Bower Hinton r

to the Town of Somerton, and from Gawbridge, lying over the River Perrat, to Tint\nhuLl Fords, and from a Stream of Water in Martock, called Ford, to a Place called Cartgate in Martock, in the County 0fSomerset, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prowse, J Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Townshend, Mr.'

Colleton, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. More, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fane, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Jennings, Mr.

George Onslow, Mr. Boone, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. PI umpire

ie

i Geo. III. 16° Jartuaru. *023

Mr. Grenville, Mr. Kimafion, Mr. Charles Totvnfhend, Mr. Morton, Mr. Cdrtwnght, Mr. Hamilton, Lord North, General Holmes, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sewell* Mr. Chester, Mr. 7>vy/, Sir ;7o/z/z Philipps, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Walter, Mr Nugent, Mr. Willes, Mr. Montagu* Mr. White, Mr Freeman, Lord Middleton, Mr. Stark ie* Sir yb///z Pennington, Mr. Budgen, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Sandys. Admiral Pocock, Mr. 2?////, Sir Williarit Maynard, Mr. Thomas Fane, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Charlton* Mr. Luttrell, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Lewis, Lord Huzve, Sir Gibbons, Sir Matthew Lambe-, and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Dorfit, Devon, Cornwall, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker's Chamber. ‘

Thom Gum- a Hill for repairing, amending, and keeping in Re-Koad.&C# Pa^r’ ^ie R°ad leading from SacredGate, in the Parish of TftornGumbald in Holdernesse, in the County of For£, through Thorn Gumbald, Ryhill, Ileyingham, Ottring-Wine/tead, and Pattrington, to Pattrington Creek or Haven; and also the Road leading from the Guide Pod in Winestead aforesaid, through Wineftcad Lanes, to a Gate called Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Brantojis Farm, in the Lordship of Frodingham; and for scouring, dressing, and cleansing, the said Creek or Haven called Pattrington Haven -, was read a Second time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Penningtbn, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gore, Mr. More, Sir George Torige, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Jenniitgs,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Plumplre, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fake, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Ryder, Mr. White, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Campbell,' Mr. Montagu, Lord Howe, Mr. Thoroton, Admiral Pocock, Mr Free man, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Trift, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Pryjt Campbell, Mr. West, Mr. Jtnyns, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Morion, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bull, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Probyn, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Powell, Sir John BajTington, Mr. Fuller, Lord Middleton, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Chester, Mr. Nor they, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Slarkie, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Spencer, Lord Barrington; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lan-cajfer, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Asfordby A Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and com-Inclosure. mon Fields oi‘ Asfordby, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plump-ire. Sir William. Maynard, Ntr. Prowse, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Crcfwell, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Morton, Sir George Savile, Mr. Fdloxces, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Fane, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Barrozv, Mr. Campbell, Mr. North ey, General Holmes, Mr. Harvey, Lord Middleton, Mr. More, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Freeman, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Powell, Mr. White, Mr. Hume, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Trig, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Nugent, r. Gq/hry, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Bull, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. James Grenville, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Chester, Sir John Gibbons, Sir Matthew Lambeand all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derbyr Northampton, and Rutland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

r.

Duchy Mr* Bayntun presented to the House, according to of Cornwall Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Leafing. VOL. 28.

Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditatrients, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fameand for. other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

A Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement for in- H-flington closing common or waste Ground within the Manor or Inclosure. Lordship of HeJlington, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Hildyard, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Colie ton, M r. Prowse,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Fane*

Mr. Coventry, Mr. More, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Jennings,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. WalterMr. Plumplre, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Montagu, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Thoroton,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Freeman, Lord Howe, Mr. Burrell,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Probyn, Mr. White, Mr. Powell, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Hamilton,

Sir LionelPilkington, Mr. Budgen, Sir William Maynard,

Mn Sandys, Mr. Chester, Mr. Harvey, Admiral Tozvnf-end, Mr. Thomas Fane, Admiral Pocock, Mr. Trist,

Lord Middleton, Nlr. Nugent, Sir John Barrington, Mr.

Morton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Sir Matlhew Lambe, Mr. Thomas Gore, General Holmes, Mr. Peter Burrell, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. West, Sir John Wynne,

Mr. Lewis, Lord Grimston, Mr. Lockyer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham» Northumberland, Westmoreland, Cumberland, and Lancaster: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art Account of Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made Exchequer out fmee the 10th Day of December last, in pursuance of the Ad, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year 1760.

A Bill for repairing and widening the ftoad frdtn Attiburton,

Travellers Rest, in the Parish of Ashburton, to Newton &c. Road. Bushell, and from thence to Diptford Bridge, in thrt\

Parish of Bovey Tracey, in the County of Devon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Petet Burrell, Mr. Boone, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Trist, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Prozife, Mr. Chetzoyjid, Mr. Kynaston, Admiral Pocock, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Coven I mi, Mr. More,

Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Plumplre, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gore, Mr*

Earle, Mr. Chester, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Fellowes,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Crcfwell, Mr. Montagu, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Northey, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Merrick Burrell, Mr. White, M r.Myddelton, Lord North, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Charles Tozvnfhend, Mr. Hamilton, SlrJo/m Philipps, Mr. Fane, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Thomas Fane, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Jenyngs, Sir JohnGibbons, Mr. Harvey, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Smith, Sir John Penning ton, Mr. Sargent,

Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Jones, Mr. Lockyer, Mr.

Pry/e Campbell, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Freeman, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Bailer, Lord Barrington, Mr. Henry Grenville, Admiral Townsend, Mr. Bull, Sir James Colebrooke,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Ofzoald, Mr. Thomas Town/hevd,

Mr. Olmius, Mr. Palmer, Lord Midleton, Mr. Clayton*

General Holmes, Mr. Waller, Sir Matlhew Lambe, Mr.

West, Lord Howe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornzvall, Somerset, and Dorset:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock', in the Speaker’s Chamber \ and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices,

The Orders of the Day being read

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 12 E Hdufe,

C«

Ways and Means.

Bum Boats, on the Thames.

a

1016 16*- — 190

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are subscribed. Merchants, and Owners of Ships, Vessels, and other Craft belonging to and using the Port of London, and Inhabitants and Occupiers of Wharfs, Yards, and Premises, adjoining to the River Thames, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Alexander Mathifon, being examined, said. That Bum Boats are in general small Boats, that carry from between Fifteen hundred to a Ton Weight: That they go about the River, under Pretence of felling Brooms, Greens, and Fruit, and sometimes spirituous Liquors, to Persons on board Ships, but in reality they bring Stores from the Ships, such as Hemp, Cordage, Corn, Coals, Tobacco, Sugar, and Iron Bolts, which the Witness imagines they get fraudulently: That there are Four Persons in his Neighbourhood, who have between them about Fifty of these Boats, which they lett out at zd.per' Day each Boat; and that the Goods are sold to the Owners of these Boats, who keep Warehouses, Where they receive and dispose of the Things brought to them from the Ships by these Boats: That he cannot tell what Prices are given for them, but he imagines very low ones, as they are generally fold cheaper than they can be bought for elsewhere.

Mr. John Nichols, being examined, said. That he is Owner of Four or Five Vessels, and is Rigger to the King and the East India Company: That he has frequently seen Bum Boats in his Passage up and down the River: That he saw Coils of Rope taken out of an East /tfrf/«Ship (the Bombay Castle) by a Bum Boat, which he supposes might be worth about 15.9. or 20£.: That he took the Boat inPoffellion, and carried her alongside the Ship; and delivered in Charge to the Officer, who chained her alongside the Ship; that there was a Man and a Woman in her: That the Woman threw the Rope overboard, and told the Officer he might do his worst, for that he could not get any Proof: That he has seen many bad PraQices of the same Kind.

Captain John Thompson, being examined, said, That liehas been Master of a Ship Fifteen Years, and is now an Owner: That he has frequently had his Servants corrupted: That they have acknowledged to him they have fold Goods to these Bum Boats, once in particular, to the Amount of Five Pounds: That they cannot keep a Buoy to their Anchors: That he himself has loft several; by which means many Anchors have been loft: That he has seen Buoys brought ashore in these Boats: That he saw one of these Boats loading all Sorts of old Stores out of a Prize Ship that lay at Deptford, which he is very fqre no one on board could have any Right to dispose

Januariu A. 1761.

of: That these Bum Boats fire of no Use, but in general are a very great Nuisance: That a total Prohibition of the said Boats was most deftrabte; but that if they were put under the Regulation of the Trinity House, and no Boats under the Burthen of Three Tons allowed, it might be a great Means of preventing the Evil.

Mr. John Addijbn, being examined, said. That he is Owner of Shipping, and has been Master: That he came from the Baltic about 18 or 20 Months ago; and when became to his Moorings at Limehouse, he saw one of these Boats come and cut the Anchor Buoy and Part of the Buoy Rope away, by which means he might have loft his Anchor, or the Ship or any other Vessel might have gone upon the Anchor and funk.

Mr. William Leg rove, being examined, said, That he has been a Lighterman 28 Years: That he has seen Coals taken out of Lighters by these Bum Boats: That he has known several Lighters cut from their Moorings, by having their Headfaft taken away, by which means Craft have gone adrift, got upon bad Ground, very often funk, and the Coals loft.

Mr. CoverdaleRichardson, Merchant, being examined, said, That the best Way to prevent these Mischiefs, would be, to seize all Boats with Ships Stores in them, that could not give a just Account how they came by them: That he apprehends the Amount of these Robberies is more than £.10,000 per Annum.

And all the Witnesses said, That the Bum Boats, carry spirituous Liquors on board Ships, and by that mean# encourage Drunkenness among the Sailors.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That many Thefts and Frauds are frequently committed .» by Persons navigating the Boats, commonly called Bum Boats, upon the River Thames, and thereby great Lodes are sustained by Merchants and Owners of Ships, Vessels, and other Craft.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 190 die Januarii;

Anno i° Georgii IIIl,i Regis, 1761.

Prayers,

THE House being informed. That Mr. Julliott, Srom Account the Exchequer, attended at the Door; Excheque

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the BiUs* House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out lince the 10th Day of December last, in pursuance of the A6fc, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year 1760.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

t

T#

i Geo. Ill

iccount of 'erdigreafe Exported.

Crofthole

Road.

Taphouse

through

Li (heard Road.

IO27

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens* arid Burgesses* in Parliament assembled:

As A CC OUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out since the 10th Day'bf December last, iti pursuance of the A<S, passed in the last Session of Parliament* intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy* and towards Naval Services for the Year 1760.

The Exchequer Bills made out since the ipth Day of December last, in pUrfdance of the.above Ad* amount to the Sum of Two hundred and Sixty-eight Thousand Pounds; u/z.

£. d.

To the Treasurer of the Navy, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy - 225,200 — — To Ditto, for Naval Services for the Year 1760 - > - - - - 42,800-----

Exchequer, the 19th Day of January 1761*

Ordered^That the said Account do lie upon the Table* to be peruied by the Members of the House.

Ordered,'That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Verdi greafq exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, for Seven Years, from Christmas 1752 to Christmas 1759 y distingdifhipg each Year. ?

A Petition of the several Gentlemen and others*. of the County of Cornwall, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of West Tapkoufe Lane, through the several Parishes of Broad Oak, Saint Pinnock, and Lif-keard, through the Parish of Menheniot, and over Butter-don Water to Coomb Raw House, in the Pariflr of Saint lye, in the County of Cornwall y and also the Roads from the said Borough of Lijkeard, through the Paijihes of Menheniot, Saint Germans, Sheviock, Antony, in the said County, and Maker, to Crimble Passage, in the said County, or in the County of Devon; and setting forth, that the Road leading from the Village of Crofthole, by the Guide Pofi, through the Church Town of Antomj, and from thence by a Gate called Button's Gate, through a Lane, commonly called Thanks Lane, to Tar Point Passage, through trie Parishes of Sheviock and Antony, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law,: And therefore praying, that Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Butler, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Crafier, Mr. Trijt, Mr. Elliot, Mr. A my and, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Champion, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Watson, Mr. Morton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Chester, Mr. Palmer, Sir John Gordon, Mr. John Butler, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Montague, Mr. White, Mr. More, Lord Midleton, Mr. Pye, Sir William Pcere Williams, Mr. Stanhope, Admiral OJbom, Mr. Hamilton, Lord Villiers, Mr. Taionjhend, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Thomas Fane, General Cornwallis, Mr. Rose Fuller, Lord John Cavendish; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Somerfel, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; andy have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. John Butler reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, refidwig Vol. 28.

£. 268,000 — — ‘

Solomon Paul Julliott.

near* and having Occasion to travel on, the great Road Jeading from the Town of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, to a certain Place called Crimble Passage, in the County of Devon, was referred* That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, rto the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Joseph Johnson, being examined, said, That he knows the Road from Crimble Passage to Lijkeard; that the usual Way both for Horses and Carriages, is through Hejfmgford and Crofthole; that he has travelled from Crimble Passage to Saint German's, and also from Saint German's to Lijkeard: that the Road from Crimble Passage to Lijkeard, through Hijfingford and Crofthole, is Part of it the Post Road; that it is nearer and more level than the Road through Saint German's, and he apprehends would be easter repaired, though that Part which lies between Hejfmgford Hill and Lijkeard is tori narrow, and cannot be properly amended without purchasing Lands:

That the Militia in their March from LJkeard to Plymouth, went the Hejfmgford Road: and the Carriages which were pressed to carry their Baggage, went and returned the same Way:

That if he was alked the Way fropi Crimble Passage to Lijkeard, he should dire# any Person to go this Road; and that Saint German's is no thoroughfare from Plymouth to SaltaJ/i or Looe.

Being afkcd what Judge he was of repairing Roads? He answered, he had been used to driving Carriages: And being alked, if the two Hills on each Side Hejfmgford are not the word on either Road ? He answered in the Negative.

Being then asked, how he knew this to be the nearest Way ? He answered, I judge so, but never measured it, or saw it measured.

Mr. Thomas Peeke, being examined, said, That he knows the Road from Crimble Passage to Lijkeardy that he never travelled from Saint German's to Lijkeardy but that the Road from Saint Germans to Crofthole, is hilly and bad; and that the Hejfmgford Road is more level and easier for Carriages; that the common Road from Plymouth to Lifceard is through Hejfmgford; and that he never knew any Person go the Saint Germans Road t That the Road through Saint Germans mult be round about; but that he only spoke from Computation; that the Hejfmgford and Crofthole Road is very narrow, there being hardly Room for a Carriage in some Places; and a Horse cannot pass by a Carriage.

Being afleed if this was the Post Road ? He said it: was, as far as Saint German's Beacon, which is about Eight Miles from Crimble Passage, and Two from Crofthole.

Mr.Samuel Way. being examined, said, That when the Militia marched from Lijkeard to Plymouth Dock, they went through Hejfingford and Crofthole y and that the Carriages attending them went the same Way:

Duchy of Cornwall Leafing.

Fackington

Roadi.

Norham

Iaclosure.

Pailton

Iaclwsure.

Afliburton, &c. Road.

1028

19* Januarii.

A. 1761*.

That he has travelled from Antony to Saint Germans, and from Saint Germans to I A [heard: hut that Saint Germans is not the common Road from Crimhle Pafi'age to Li/heard; and that the Saint Germans Road is more hilly than the Road through HeffingJ'ord.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of West Taphouse Lane, through the several Parities of Broadoak, Saint Pinnock, and Lif-heard, through the Parish of Menheniot, and over But* terdon Wafer, to Coomb Row House, in the Parish of Saint Ive, in the County of Cornwall; and also the Roads from the said Borough of Liskeard, through the Parishes of Menheniot, Saint Germans, Sheviock, Antony, in the said County, and Maker, to Crimhle Passage, in the said County, or in the County of Devon, is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Craft hole to Saint Germans Beacon, in the said County of Cornwall, being Part of the Great Road from the Town of Liskeard to Crimhle Passage, through the several Parishes of Liskeard, 'Menheniot, Moixal, Saint Martin's, Saint German's, Sheviock, Antony, and Maker, and the Poll Road to the Towns of Looe and Fowey.

A Bill to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of OHices Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

liefolved. That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Prozvfe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for discontinuing the Use of a Road leading from a Farm House in the Parish of Great Packington, in the Occupation of Richard Harding, to a Stream of Water which divides the Parishes of Great Packington and Lillie Packington; and for preventing the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 33d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Stone Bridge to Cajile BroomwicJi, from erecting a Gate or Turnpike between Slone Bridge and the Place where the Road turns oil' to Colejhill, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Slowford Bridge, and Dram Bridge, in the several Parishes oiIIighweek, Teingraje, IlJington, and BoveyTracey, in the said County of Devon; and that the said Road leading from Newton Bu/ltel to Dipt ford Bridge, L a very incommodious one, having a very tronblefome Ascent and Descent; and that it has feareely been ever considered as a public Road, or ever frequented as such by People travelling from Bovey Tracey, and the Parishes North of Bovey Tracey to Newton Biifhel and Newton Abbott, till the Erection of the Turnpike Gate at Teing Bridge, and then it came in Use only with such as at the Trouble and Hazard of travelling a most incommodious Road, were willing to avoid the Toll of that Gate; and that for Time out of Mind the Road from Newton Bu/hd to Dip/ford Bridge, has been by way of Tchig Bridge to TeingGrace, Ventaford Bridge, and from thence to Dipt* ford Bridge; and the same is moll level and convenient for all Travellers passing from Dipt far d Bridge to Newton Bajhel: And therefore praying, for the Reasons aforesaid, that the ancient and accustomed Road may not be subverted or changed; and that the Petitioners may not be burthened with any other Toll than that of Teing Bridge; and that the House will grant such Relief in the Premises, as to them shall feenv meet.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the several Towns of Ashburton, Nezvton Bu/kel, and Newton Abbott, and the Roads therein after mentioned, in the County'ofDevon, which was presented to the House upon Turf day the 16th Day of December last, might he again read:

And the same wras read accordingly.

Ordered, That the Petition now la.it presented, he referred to the Consideration of tlie Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from TravellersReJl, in the Parish of Ashburton to Newton Bu/fietl, and from thence to Dipiford Bridge, in the Parish of Bovey Tracey, in the County of Devon, is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, and others, principal Inhabitants of the City of Exeter, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from the Head of the Hollow \\ ay, in the Parish of Ideford, in the County of Devon, on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, through the Towns of Nezvton Bufiell, Newton Abbott, and 7kdness, to a Place called Biddefard, in the Parish of Ugborough, has been in Part repaired, by virtue of an Act, passed in the 32d Year of his late Majesty's Reign; and that the said Road leads from the City of Exeter, through the Towns of Newton Biijhel, Newton Abbott, and Totness, to Plymout ', and

Ashbitrw, &c. Koi

through a very rich, populous, and trading Country, Mr. Crajler presented to the House, according to -and is greatly frequented by the Petitioners and others;

Order,a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Grounds, called Norham Infields, and the Common or Wade, called Norham Moor, within the Township of Norham, in the County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, in the Hamlet of Pailton, in the Parish of Monks Kirby, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

APetition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the several Parishes of Teingrafe, Bovey Tracey, Lufl-ley, North Bovey, and Moreton Hampstead, and the Inhabitants residing in and near the said Parishes, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House and read; alleging. That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road or Highway, leading from Traveller's Rest, within the Parish of Ashburton, through the several Parishes of Ashburton, Bickington, Ilfington, and High Week, to the Town of Newton Bu/hel, in the County of Devon, and from thence to a Place, called Dipiford Bridge, through and Trade of that Country: Aud therefore praying* 20 ' That

and that the Commissioners have erected Three Toll Gates on the said Road; to wit, One at Teing Bridge, within about a Mile of Neivlon Abbott, another between Newton Abbott and Totncfs, and the Third between Tot-ness and Biddefard; and that the Toll Gate at Trine Bridge, brings in more Money than both the others, so that the Repair of the said Roads being in Length about Twenty-two Miles, chiefly depends on the Produce of that Gate, on the Credit of whichToll, considerableSuins of Money have been borrowed; and also taking Notice of the said Bill; and alleging, That the Road from Newton Abbott and Newton Bu/hel, to Dipt ford Bridge, is on the North Side of the said Road, from Newton Abbott and Nezvton Bufiiel, to the said Hollow Way, so that Travellers passing from the East and North Parts to Newton Bufiielyby travelling on the Road mentioned and described in the said Bill, from Bovey Mills, Diptford Bridge, and Drum Bridge, to Nezvton Bijhel and Neivlon Ablwtt, and so back again, will avoid the said Gate, set up as aforesaid at Teing Bridge, whereby the Toll now collected at . that Gate, will be lb much lessened, that the Trustees will be rendered incapable, under the said Act, of repairing their said Roads, which will be a great Injury to the Petitioners, and all others travelling the said Roads through Totness to Plymouth, and will assess; the Commerce

Aftiburton, &c. Road.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Tudway’s

Exchange.

i Geo. III. 190 Januarii.

1029

That the said Bill, now depending, may not pass into a Law, or that Provision may be therein made, that nothing therein contained shall lefifen or affect the Tolls" of the fair! Gate at Teing Bridge; and that tly Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Trustees, named in a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Hoi-low Way, on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, to a Place called Biddeford, in the County of Devon, and of the several Creditors on the Tolls in the said Act mentioned, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Tolls collected at the said Gate at Teing Bridge, bring in, one Week with another, £. 3. 4s. 6d. and the Tolls collected at the said Gate between Newton Abbott and Tobies, bring in, one Week with another, no more than £. 1. 6s. 6d. and the Tolls collected at the said Gate between Tobies and Biddeford, bring in, one Week with another, Nineteen Shillings only; and that under the Sanction of the said Act, the Sum of Two thousand Eight hundred Pounds has been borrowed; and that Persons travelling on the Road from Bovey Mills, Diptford Bridge, or Dunn Bridge, to Nezv-ton *Abbott and Newton Biijhel\ and back again, will avoid the said Gate erected in pursuance of the said Act, at Teing Bridge, whereby the Tolls now taken at the said Gate, will, in a great Measure, be loft, and the Trustees for the said Act will thereby not only be incapable of carrying the Trusts of the said Act into due Execution, but the same will be rendered totally ineffectual, and the Securities given to the several Creditors on the said Tolls, will be rendered inefficient to answer the Monies, which, from Time to Time, have been borrowed thereou as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, so that any of the Powers and Benefits granted by the said Act, may be any ways abridged or lessened, or the said Trustees deprived of any Part of their said Tofts, or the several Creditors of any Part of their said Securities; and that the Petitioners may be heard against the said Bill; and that the House will grant such Relief in the Premises, as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Mr. Budgen presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor Relief ox Insolvent Debtors: And the same was received; and read the First time.

liefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for confirming and establishing an Exchange of Lands, agreed to be made between Charles Tudivay Esqtiire, and the Archdeacon of Wells, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second t ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prozcfe, Lord North, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaf-tnn, Mr. (, r'eorge Ovjlotv, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fell ewes. General Cornwallis, Mr. Fairfax, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Trift, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Butler, Sir Edmund J/ham, Mr. Townshend, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Cooke, Mr. John Pitt. Sir Wm. Beau-chainp Proctor, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Walter, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Mackworth, Lord Howe, Mr. More, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Rqfe Fuller, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Richard Glynn, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. John Bidler, Mr. Palmer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties Von. 28.

of Somerset, Gloucester, Dorset, Wilts, Hertford, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, paf- Bath fed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, in- Roads, titnled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads leading to the City of Bath, and for amending several other Roads near the said City, as directs the laying out a new Road from the Bridge at Bath to Rvjh Hill, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prozcfe,

Lord North, Mr. Tudway, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Prodlor,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Walter, Mr. Fel-lowes. Sir William Maynard, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Cob leton, Mr. Barrow, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Mackworth,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Morton, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Buller,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Trift, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. More Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr, Townshend, Lord Panmure, Mr. Alderman Dickinson,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Bichard Glynn, Mr.

Pye, Lord Howe, Mr. Palmer, General Cornwallis, Mr.

John Buller, Mr. Walter, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Fairfax, Mr.

Peter Biwrell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Cornwall, Gloucester,

Wilts, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Tallow Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act Imported made in the 32ft Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in- fom tituled, An Act to discontinue for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Kynaston accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee, had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foliow-e h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Provisions made in an Act, passed in the 32d Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable

H)on Tallow, imported from Ireland, be extended tp ogsTLard and Grease.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Thomas Coventry, and Mr. Nugent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of 1 he Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, Thai the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Haif-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Iwo Troops of Horse Guards and Regiment of Horse, reduced; and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for th?

Year 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of fuel) reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great 12 F Britain,

Coogll

1030 I9° — 20°

Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1 761, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eft i mate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil E2ftablishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th June 1760, to 24 th of June 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House relolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, wliep the House will pleafeto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Bcfohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted t to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways llejolvtd. That this House will, upon Wednesday and Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Commttee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Foundling Ordered, That Mr. Wilkes have Leave to make a Hospital. Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies received and paid by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, between the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine exclusive, and the Thirty-firtl Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine inclusive, with the Balance then remaining; and also an Account of all Monies received and paid by the said Governors and Guardians, between the said Thirty-first Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine exclusive, and the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty inclusive, with the Balance then remaining; and also an Account of the Number of Children received into the said Hospital, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, who have died between the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty exclusive, and the said thirty-first Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty inclusive; and likewise an Account of the Number of the said Children who have been placed out Apprentices, between the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, exclusive, and the said Thirty-first Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty inclusive; and also an Account of the Number of the saidChildren who have been returned to their Parents, between the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty exclusive, and the said Thirty-first Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty inclusive; and also an Account of the Number of the saidChildren who were living under the Care of the said Governors and Guardians, on the said Thirty-first Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty.

*7

Januarii. A. 1761.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkes have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, do prepare, and !ay before this House, an Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into the said Hospital, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, from the said Thirty-first Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty exclusive, to the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one inclusive.

Mr. Bayntun presented to the House, according to Langton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Hemng Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the ncoure* Parish, and within the Precincts, of the Manor of Lang. ton Herring, in the County of DorJ'et: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

liefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock. 1


Martisy 20° die Januarii;

Anno i* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

M ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Jlolford and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting to his Majesty, an additional Duty upon Duty on Strong Beer and Ale; and for raising the Sum of Twelve *ccr> &x millions, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duty; and for farther encouraging the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty s Marine Forces while Forccs> on Shore, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Molloy, an Infant, lately called Charles Name. Cooke, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Molloy, pursuant to the Will of Sir Charles Molloy Knight, deceased, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Royal Aflac Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: to Bilk

Mr. Speaker,

The Kingcommands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers, where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public Bills, and One private Bill following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale; and for. railing the Sum of Twelve millions by. way of Annuit'es and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duty; and for farther encouraging the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale.

An Act; for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

An ‘

Account of Verdii»ren<c

re-exported.

Croft hole Hoad.

Navy

Debt.

Transport

Service.

Account ot Seamen.

i Geo. III. 20° J 1031

An Act to enable Charles Molloy, an Infant, lately called Charles Cooke, and ihe Heirs ot’ his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Molloy, pursuant to the Will of Sir Charles Molloy Knight, decealed.

The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Verdigrease re-exported from England* for Seven Years, from Christmas 1752, to Christmas i 759; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Bindley junior, and John Maud, Merchants, is referred.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Verdigrease imported into England, for Seven Years, from Christmas 1752, to Christmas 1759; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, of the County of Cornwall, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Joseph Johnson, being examined, said. That he is well acquainted with the Road from Crofthole, through Anthony, and by Bidland's Gate, through Thanks Lane, to Tar Point P off age, through the Parishes of Sheviocke and Anthony: That the said Road is in a very ruinous Condition, and so narrow that Two Carriages cannot pass by each other; and that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

A Member present confirmed Mr. Johnfon1 s Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of West Taphouse Lane, through the several Parishes of Broad Oak, Saint Pinnock, and Lif-keard, through the Parish of Menheniot, and over But-terdon Water, to Coomb Roiv House, in the Parish of Saint Ice, in the County of Cornwall; and also the Loads from the said Borough of Li/keard, through the Parities of Menheniot, Saint Germans, Sheviock, Antony, in the said County, and Maker, to Crimble Passage, in the said County, or in the County of Devon ', is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Village of Crof those, by the Guide Pojt, through the Village or Church Town as commonly called of Antony, and from thence, by a Gale called Bulland's Gate, through a Lane commonly called Thanks Lane, to Tar Point Passage, through the Parishes of Sheviock and Antony, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 3 1 ft of December lall, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Charge for Transport Service, between the ift of October 1760 and the 31st of December Jaft, including the Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Laud Forces within that Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed intheService of the Royal Navy, from the 31 ft of December 1759, to the 31st of December 1760, upon a Medium of each

Voi,. 28.

Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service.

Mr. John Walter reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants, of the City of Exon, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Szvaine, being examined, said, That the City of Exon is not at present enlightened in the Night time; and that, if the said City and the Suburbs thereof were properly enlightened, it would tend to the Safety of the Inhabitants, and all Persons resorting thereto.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bringin a Bill foren-Iightening the Streets within the City of Exeter and Suburbs thereof: And that Mr. John Walter, Mr. Fel-lowes, and Mr. Tuck field, do prepare and bring in the fame.

A Petition of John West and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Land in the Parish of West Haddon, in the County of Northampton, on behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was, presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is brought in for inclosing the open and common Fields in the said Parish; and alleging, that the Petitioners are intitled to a considerable Part of the Land in the said Parish, to the Amount of Eight Yard Land and upwards, intended to be inclosed; and that the Petitioners conceive the inclosing of the said Fields will be very injurious to the Petitioners, and tend to the Ruin of many, especially the poorer Sort of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Coun-fel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the House will grant the Petitioners such other Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields, and common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, Heath and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of West Haddon, in the County of Northampton, be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Hel-stone, in the County of Cornwall, and divers neighbouring Parishes, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging That, the Petitioners are Proprietors of Land within the Dillridl aforesaid, or otherwise interested in the Success of a Petition presented to the House for repairing and widening the Road from Helstoneaforesaid, to the Lizard Point in the Parish of Landewednach, and passing by and through several Parishes and Placesfollowing; viz. Killy, Anchor, Bochim, Drytree, and Er (fey Gate, in the Parishes of Mazegan, Ruan Major and Minor, and Grade, and also from Helstone aforesaid, through Rofveor in Maw-gan aforesaid, and through Relewes, and in and through the Parishes of Saint Martin and Manackan, to to Saint Keverne Church Tozvn, in the Parish of Saint Keverne, in the said County; and representing to the House, that the said Roads are neither ruinous, founderous, nor perilous, for fingJe Horses, laden Horses, or Carriages, and that the greatest Part of the Road leading from the said Borough to the Lizard Point is in very good Repair, and the remaining small Portion of it, as well as the other Road leading to Saint. Keverne Church Town, may, with Ease, be put into very good Repair by means of the Statute Labour and that the several Parishes through which the said Roads are to be drawn, with Five others, form altogether aPeninfula

called

Exeter

Streets.

West

Haddon

Inclosure.

Falmouth

Road.

1032 20° Januarii. A. 1761.

called Mencage, having no other Trade but that of Huflbandry, no Market Town, no public Port within its Limits, no Communication by Land with the rest of Cornwall, but over an Isthmus which forms the Peninsula, at the mean Distance of a Mile and half from 1 he said Borough, which is their Market Town, where they vend their Corn, Cattle, and other Products of their Lands, the Conveyance of which to Market will, for the future, be burthened with an unnecessary and everlasting additional Charge, if the Petition, as it now Hands before the House, should pass into a Law, which will also be an intolerable Grievance to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That the said Petition may not pass into a Law,so far as to affect the Petitioners, and great Numbers of others equally concerned; and that no Turnpike may be erected on the said Roads leading from the said Borough to Saint Keveme Church Town, or Lizard aforesaid; and that no Toll-house may be erected in the Avenue or Avenues leading from the said Borough to the Peninsula of Meneage aforesaid, or that such other Relief may be had as to the House shall seem meet.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Wednesday last, " That Leave be given to bring in a

Bill for amending and widening the Road leading " from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Corn-£C wall, through the Towns of Penryn, Heljtone, and " Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion " River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the " Westward of the said River and Bridge/’might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be brought in.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lane;

Mr. Speaker,

Shetard’s The Lords have passed a' Bill, intituled, An Act for Estates. rendering effectual an Agreement for making a Partition of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Leicester, late the Estates of Jaynes Sherardy Doctor of Phytic, and Robert Freeman Gentleman, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; and also,

Hanbury’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Estates. enable Capel Uanbury Esquire, and George Hanbury Esquire, for themselves and their respective Issue Male, to make an Exchange of their settled Estates in tlje County of Monmouth; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto. An ingrossed Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Capel Hanbury Esquire, and George Hanbury Esquire, for themselves and their respective IlTue Male, to make an Exchange of their settled Estates in the County of Monmouth; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Tallow Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to

Imported Order, a Bill for extending an Act, intituled, An Act

Ireland to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable

rcan ‘ on Tallow imported from Ireland, to Hogs Lard and Grease: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Moreton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and com-Pinkney mon Fields, common Meadows, common Pastures, Inclosure. common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Parish, Tow nil 1 ip, and Liberties, of Moreton Pinkney, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Walter, Mr. Trift, Mr. Chef ter, Mr. Tuck field, Sir John Philipps, Mr. More, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bullery Mr.

Lloyd, Mr. Fane, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Pye, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Thomas Fane,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilkes*, Mr. Proufe,

Lord North, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Burrell,

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Huffey, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Barrow, Sir Wyndham KnalchbullWynd-ham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Montagu, Admiral Frankland, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr, Morton, Mr Lowndes, Mr. Bollon, Mr. Webb, Mr. Jarrit Smith Mr. Gaflm/, Mr. Peter Campbell, Sir Francis Dq/hzvood, Mr. Rose Fuller, Lord Malpas, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. George Grenville, Mr. John Bitller, Mr. Lewis, Mr. John Pitt, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Hunter,

Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Thomas Town ft end. Lord Thomond, Mr. Nor they, Doctor LI ay, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Bull, Sir Mathew Lamb, Mr. Drake, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Campbell, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Grenville, Sir George Yonge, Sir George Dalfton, Sir John Pennington; and all the Members, who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Oxford, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the $u . Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House*, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as folfowetfa; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to give a proper Compensation to the respective Provinces in North America, for the Expences incurred by them in the Levying, Clothing, and Pay, of the Troops raised by the fame, according as the active Vigour and strenuous Efforts of the respective Provinces shall be thought by his Majesty to merit.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to be paid to the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, towards enabling them to defray the Expence of a military Force in their Settlements, to be maintained by them in lieu of the Battalion of his Majesty’s Forces commanded by Colonel Adlercron withdrawn from thence, and now returned to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-four thousand Eight hundred Fifty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, of the reduced Officers of his Majesty s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1761.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Nine hundred Seventy-jthree Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying, the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and pri- 1 vate Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1761.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine hundred Twenty-two Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establiflnnent of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, for the Year 1761.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand Three hundred Sixty Pounds Two Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out Petitioners of Chelsea IiofpUal, for the Year 1761.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

o

Hinton

Inclosure.

Doghouse Bar from Islington Road.

Croydon

Church.

i Geo. III.

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thou fond Five hundred Ninety-five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1761.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand and Fifty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings, he granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Efublishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1760, to the 24th of June 1761.

The laid Refutations, being federally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Pye reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common or wade Ground, and other commonable Places, in the Pa rid) of Hinton, otherwise Hinton Walrish, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Fowler, Widow who could

not be found, and whose Property in the said Fields iamounts to Twelve Pounds per Annum \ and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making, widening, and repairing a Road from the Norlh-East Side of theljlington Road, opposite to the Road called the New Road, over the Fields and Grounds, to Old Street Road, opposite to the Doghouse Bor, awl at and from the Doghouse Bar to the End of Chi/icell Street, by the Artillery Ground, was committed; and to whom the Petition of John Lloyd fen in r, Daniel Le Suer, James Atkinson, Benjamin Conley, Sarah Duffy, and Eleanor King, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee ha«l considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the Amendments wereonce read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. George Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Vade, Clerk, Vicar of the Parilli Church of Croydon, in the County of Surrey. and Allen Chaf/ield and George Hart, Churchwardens, and of the several Inhabitants of the same Parilli, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

VOL. 28.

1033

Mr. Edward Haivkins, a Surveyor, said, That he had furveved the said Church: That it is an old spacious and elegant Fabric, and is built of Flint and FireStone, and is supported by lofty Buttresses of the same Materials; and that, in case the same is not repaired, it will be in Danger of falling.

And Mr. Richard Glover, Vellry Clerk of the said Parilli, said, That the said Church confilts of Three Aisles, and also Three Chancels, One of which has constantly been repaired by the Impropriator, and the other Two by the Inhabitants of the said Parilli.

Then Mr. Hawkins produced an Estimate of the Expenceofrepairingtlie saidClmrch; whereby it appeared, that if the said Church was to be repaired with the same Sort of Materials as it consists of at present, the Expence would amount to £. 1,358. 10 s. od. but that if the Work was to be executed with Portland Stone, and the Walls round the Church stuccoed, and new Lead Pipes placed to convejr the(Water down the Walls, in that same the Expence woul& not. be less than £.1,685. 15s- od.

And the said Mr. Glover informed your Committee, That, in order to raise the said Sumj it will be necessary to raise a Rate upon the Inhabitants, of Five Shillings in the Pound at leali; and that it will be irapofiible to raise that Sum within the Time that it will be wanted, by the ordinary Method of making Church Rates, or parochial Assessments.,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Parish Church of Croydon, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr. George Onslow, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Cooke, and Lord Robert Manners, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii,21° dieJanuarit;

Anno i° Georgii IIItH Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

MR. Selwyji presented to the House, according to Keith’s for* Order^a Bill for enabling his Majesty to grant to fcited Estates* George Keith, late Earl Mareschal, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all such principal Money and Interest as now remain due to the Public for or upon account of the Price or Purchase Money contracted to be paid for certain Parts of his Estates, after Payment and Satifaction of all lawful Debts and Claims which affected the same at the Time of his Attainder; and for enabling him or them to sue for, recover, or compel.

Payment thereof: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second time.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having a Member taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declara- takes Oaths, tion, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill fordividing and inclosingcertain common Fields Snowfhill and common Meadows, and a common Hill called Inclosure. Snoivjhill Hill, lying within the Manor of Snowjhill, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That t he Bill be committed to Mr. Berkeley,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Stanley, Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Barrow. Mr. Cr after, Mr. Kynaston, General A'Court, Mr. Prowse, Lord Harry Powlet, Mr. Hu [fey.

Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Bayntun, Sir George Yonge, Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Chester, Mr.

Butter, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Trift, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Pitt, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fclloives, Mr. Dickinson,

Mr. Avfon, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Calthorpe,

12 G Mr.

20"- — 210 fanuarii.

1034 ai° Januarii.A. 1761.

'Mr. Mackworth, Sir Gordon, Mr. More, Mr. Gren-

ville, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Pole, Mr. Elliot, M r. Medlycott, Mr. I Ait tr ell, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. OJzvald, Mr. Rosi Fuller, Mr. Willy, Mr. Fane, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Lord Iloive, Mr. Henry Grenville, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fonervau, Lord Panmure, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lockyer, Mv.Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Gajhiy, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Bull, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Thomas Fane, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Peter Burrell, Sir Wyndham Knatclibull Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Hereford, and Somerset; and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Gloucester, A Bill for continuing the Term of, and enlarging and

&c. Roads, altering the Powers granted and continued by, an Act, made in the iGth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Stanley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Chester, Mr. More, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynaftun, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Fonereau, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Pole, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Medlycott, Sir FrancisPoole, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Butler. Mr. White, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Midleton, Mr. Mackworth, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cooke, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Francis Daftiwood, WLv. Fane, Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Trift, Mr. Ongley, Mr. tiofe Fuller, Mr. Willy, Mr. Moore, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Montagu, Lord Howe, Mr. Anson, Mr. Chet-wynd, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Starkie, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Thomas Fane, Mr. Walter, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Bull, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Tozvn/hend, Mr. Honywood, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Mackay; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Hereford, and Somerset; and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

FHherton A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

Bridge Road, and principal Inhabitants, dwelling in and near the City of Salisbury, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for repairing the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to Willoughby Hedge; and alleging, that the Petitioners are informed, that a provisional Clause is intended to be inserted in the said Bill, that no Gate or Turnpike shall be erected within a certain Distance of the Council House of the City of New Sarum; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, by the Force of the said Clause there is an Intention of erecting the said Gate in some Place adjoining to the common and open Fields in the Parishes either of Fisherton aforesaid, or Berner ton, by means whereof the Petitioners apprehend the End of the said Turnpike will be, in a great Measure, frustrated by the Numbers of Passengers who will, with the greatest Ease, elude it, and the Owners and Occupiers of the arable Lands adjoining will, by such Trespasses, at all Times and Seafons, be greatly injured, while the Privilege of a free Passage between such Gate and the Council House will be trifling and insignificant; and representing to the House, that it will be more advantageous to the Public, and contribute greatly to the Increase of the Toll, to have the Gate erected between Fisherton Bridge and a certain Spot of Ground, in the said Parish of Fisherton, near the County Gallows, where the Road separates: And therefore praying, That the said provisional Clause may be wholly left out j and that it may be enacted, if to the House it shall seem proper, that a Gate or Gates *7

shall be fixed between the County Bridge commonly CdWe&Fisherton Bridge and the County Gallows (landing in the said Parish of Fisherton, on the Spot where the public High Road separates, the One Branch leading to Wilton and the other to the Devizes, by which Postion only the Petitioners apprehend, that the due Payment of the Toll may be eifectually secured, and the Public benefited, and the Damage to the said Owners and Occupiers of Lands effectually prevented; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the j

Premises as to the House shall seem fitting. 1

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the I

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for Amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisher ton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbury, in the County of Wilts, is committed. 1

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Ashburton, ! to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road fcc.Road. from Traveller's Rest, in the Parish of Ashburton to Nezvton Bushel, and from thence to Diptfurd Bridge, in the Parish of Bovey Tracey, in the County of Devon, is committed. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, in favour of the said Bill, against the Petition of the Trustees named in a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, Ati ACfc for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the hollow Way on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, to a Place called Biddeford, in the County of Devon, and of the several Creditors on the Tolls in the said Act mentioned.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard in WeflMoi favour of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common incloiurc. and open Fields and common Paliures, common Meadows, common Grounds, Heath, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of West Hadden, in the County of Northampton, against the Petition of John West and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Land in the Parish of West Haddon, in the County of Northampton, on behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said Parish; at the same time that Counsel is ordered to be heard upon the said Petition, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Upon Friday Sevennight.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Africa* Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be pre- Company, fented to the House 5

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Sum granted for 1759; and setting forth, that the Petitioners are now investing the Money % granted in 1760 in Goods, Stores, and Necessai ies, for the Support of the several Forts upon the Coast of Africa: And therefore praying the House to grant such a Sum for the necessary Support thereof, for the ensuing Year, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Peter Burrell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and widening the Road Road, leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Hefton, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the West ward of the said River and Bridge: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill

fallow im->orted From Ireland.

Duchy of Cornwall Leafing.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

i Geo. Ilf. 2i8 — ai° Januarii.

J035

A Bill for extending an Act, intituled, An Act to discontintie, for a limited Time, the Duties payable ort 1 allow imported from Ireland, to Hogs Lard and Grease, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bayntun took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bayntun reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrotf Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Serviced incurred from the loth November 17 66, to 24th of December following, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuined the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

M r. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuined the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton nlfo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

VOL. 28.

Jovis> 2 20 die 'Januarii; Anno i° Georgii III111 Regis, 1761. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison at Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, [being insolvent Debtors in the Castle of Lincoln;]

Were severally presented to the House, and read $ complaining of their Distress, And praying Relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Yesterday, for the Second Reading, upon Tomorrow Seven-night, of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields, and common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, Heath and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parilli of West Haddon, in the County of Northampton, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read aSecond time upon Monday Sevennight.

Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Grounds within the Parilli of Exhall, in the County of the City of Coventry: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That Mr. Collingzooood, Secretary to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted youngChildren, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of all Monies received and paid by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, between the 29th Day of September 1759, exclusive, and the 31st Day of December 1759, inclusive; with the Balance then remaining: And also, N° 2. Ait Account of all Monies received and paid by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted youngChildren, between the 31 ft Day of December 1 759, exclusive, and the 3 ill Day of December 1760, inclusive; with the Balance then remaining: And also,

N°3. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day o{March 1760, who have died between the said 25th Day ot March 1760, exclusive, and the 31st Day ol December 1760, inclusive: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been placed out Apprentices, between the said 25 th Day of March 1760, exclusive, and the 31st Day of December 1760, inclusive: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1700, who have been returned to their Parents, between the said 25th Day of March 1760, exclusive, and the 31st Day of December 1760; inclusive: And also,

N° 6. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the

25th

Debtors

Ptcition.

Ditto,

WestHaddon

Inclosure.

Exhall

Inclosure*

Foundling

Hospit*l*

1036 ii° Januarn." . A. 1761.

25th Day of March 1760, who were living, under the

Care of the Governors and Guardians of the fair! Jlof-pital, on the 31st Day of December 1760: And also,

No. 7. An Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st day of December 1760, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1761, inclusive.

And theu he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimatp do lie upon the 1 able, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Estimate are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Dartford,&c, Ordered, That Mr. Fairfax do make the Report

Roads. from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace of the County of Kent, being Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Tenth Year ofher late Majesty Queen Anne, for enlarging,amending, and maintaining, the Road between Northfleet, GraveJend, and Rochester, in the County of Kent-, and also another Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said former Act; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for explaining and amending the said Act; and also for repairing the Highway from Northfect aforesaid to Dart ford, in the said County; was referred.

Mr. Fairfax accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed the same to be reported, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said Act, of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty, was produced, and read: And,

Mr. Thomas Tomlyn, being examined, said, That he is Surveyor and Clerk to the said Trustees: That great Progress has been made in repairing the said Roads; and that £. 100 is now due upon Bond, on the Credit of the said Acts; and that upwards of £. 430 is due to him, upon the Balance of his Account.

That Part of the said Roads, directed by the said Acts to be repaired, is extremely bad, and dangerous; and that some Part of the said Road between North-feet and Gravesend cannot be made safe for Travellers, without altering the Course thereof, as it goes at present near the Side of a very deep Chalk Pit; and that the Trustees are not impowered by the present Acts to turn it:

And that the Trustees cannot complete the necessary Repairs of the said Roads, and discharge the Money due on the Credit of the Tolls, during the subsisting Term of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering more effectual several Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road from Dartford to Northfleet and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to Chalk, and from Northfleet to Chalk, and from thence to the Stones End, near the Parish Church of Strood, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Fairfax, Sir Wyndham Knatch-bull Wyndham, and Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Athburton, A Petition of the Trustees subscribing, on behalf of &c. Road, theraselves and their Co-Trustees, impowered to put in Execution an Act, made and passed in the 28th Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgette Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Chudleigh Bridge, in the Parish of Hennock, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Ashbarton, to Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Part of the said Road, extending from the Town of Ashburton Eastward, to a Place called Travellers Ref, is likewise Part of the common Road between the Towns of Ashburton and Newton Bushel; and that, by virtue of the said Act, a Gate has been erected thereon, through which all persons travelling from Afiburton to Newton do or ought to pass, and pay the Tolls by the said Act required; and that the Hefidue of the Road between the Towns of Ashburton and Nezvton, which are distant from each other about Seven Miles, is comprised in a Bill, now. depending in the House, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Traveller's Ref aforesaid to Newton Bufiel, and from thence to Diptford Bridge; and alleging, that the whole Road comprised 111 the said Bill is very much in want of Repair, and that the Repair thereof will be of great public Convenience and Advantage; but that if Persons travelling between Ashburton and Nezvton Bushel were to be liable to pa}7 the Tolls by the said Act required and made payable, and also the Tolls by the said Bill to be imposed, the Petitioners apprehend it would be too heavy a Burthen on such Travellers, and might tempt them to ule another Road, to the Prejudice of both thefeTurn-pikes; and that at a Meeting of the said Trustees, held the 24th Day of December last, it was the unanimous Opinion of all present, that it would be the Interest of the Turnpike under their Care, as well as of the said intended Turnpike, and of the Public in general, that all persons paying the Tolls by the said Act required, for the Passage of any Carriage or Cattle at any Gate erected, or to be erected, on that Part of the Road therein comprised, which lies East of Ashburton, lhouid be permitted to pass and repass with the same Carriage or Cattle Toll-free through the Gates to be erected on any Part of the Road comprised in the said Bill; and that Payment at any such Gates should give the like Exemption in respect of the Gates erected, or to be erected, by virtue of the said Act on that Part of the Road therein comprised, which lies East of Ashburton: And therefore praying, That a Provision, to the Effect aforesaid, may be inserted in the said Bill, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Traveller's Rest, in the Parish of Ashburton to Nezvton Bushel, and from thence to Diptford Bridge, in the Parish of Bovey Tracey, in the County of Devon, is committed.

Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according EyJon to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Tndofure Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Grounds, Grange Lands, and waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Eydon, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose Fuller be added to the Gen- DanM,! iemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in,a Bill for rendering more effectual several Acts, passed in the 10th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the 1 ith Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 11 th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging,amending, and maintaining, the Road from Dartford to Northfleet and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to Chalk, and from Northfleet to Chalk, and from thence to the Stones End, near the Parish Church of Strood, in the County of Kent. I

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act sJle for rendering effectual an Agreement for making a Partition of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in

the

Doghouse Bar from Jflington Road.

Exeter

Streets.

Militia Pay and Clothing.

Supply.

Way*

and Means.

i Geo. III. 22° Janu 1037

the County of Leicester, late the Estates of James She-rard, Doctor of Physic, and Robert Freeman, Gentleman, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for making, widening, and repairing, a Road from the North-P'aft Side of the Ifiingtm Road, opposite to the Road called the New Road, over the Fields and Grounds, to Old Street Road, opposite to the Doghouse Bar, and at and from the Doghouse Bar to the End of Chifwdl Street, by the Artillery Ground, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making, widening, and repairing, a Road from the North-East Side of the Gofzoell Street Road, next Jjlington, in the Cou nty of Middlesex, and near to th6 Road called the New Road\ over the Fields and Grounds, to Old Street Road, opposite to the Doghouse Bar, and at and from the DoghouJ'e Bar to the End of Chifxcell Street, by the Artillery1 Ground.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Walter presented to the House, according* to Order, a Bill for enlightening the Streets within the City of Exeter and Suburbs thereof: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rifolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, wrhen unembodied, and of the Cloathing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1761:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Berkeley;, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Morgan, Mr. CharlesTozonJhend, Mr. Brand, Swlhomas Palmer, Mr. Afore, Mr. Cartxoright, Mr. Tudzony, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Proufe, General Conway, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Feltozves, Mr. Chet-wynd, Mr. Bayjntun, Sir Brands Poole, Mr. Montagu, Lord North, Mr. Aledlycott, Mr. OJivald, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Dr. Hay, Mr. Bitller, Sir William Beauchamp Prohor, Mr. Roje Fuller, Mr. CaUhorpe, Mr. Palmer, Mr. George Onjlozv, Mr. Fox, Mr. Crejwell, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Waller, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Nor they. Admiral Pocock, Mr. Grenville, Admiral Rodney: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom* it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s T'able: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred Ninety-three thousand Eight hundred Forty-four Pounds Four Shillings and Four Pence T hree Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, from the Twentieth Day of November i;6o, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, and not provided for by Parliament.

T he said Refoiution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for rafting the

VOJL, 28.

Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, which Was to continue in force for Five Years, to be computed froni the 24 th Day of June 1733, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the nth, 19th, a6th, 29th, and 31st Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1761, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill bn brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Rose Fulled, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bay/ntien, according to Order, reported from the Duchy of Comrhittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Cornwall enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices,

Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved. That the Resolution, which, Bum Boats Upon Friday last, was reported from the Committee, to °n the whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names Thames, are subscribed. Merchants, and Owners of Ships, Vessels, and other Crafts, belonging to and using the Port of London, and Inhabitants and Occupiers of Wharfs,

Yards and Premises, adjoining to the River Thames, was referred, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That many T hefts and Frauds are frequently committed by Persons navigating the Boats,

" commonly called Bum Boats, upon the River " Thames, and thereby great Losses are sustained by " Merchants, and Owners of Ships, Vessels, and other " Craft."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Kynaston, and Sir William Beauchamp ProElor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Tallow whole House, upon the Bill for extending an Act, inti- Imported tilled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the from *relani*' Duties payable on Tallow imported from Ireland, to Ilogs Lard and Create.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

12 Ii And

103 8 a 2° — - 2 30 Januarii. A. 1761.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of tile Clock.

to the Town of Beverlaj, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Veneris, 230 die Januarii;

Anno i° Georgii IIltil Regis, 1761. Prayers.

AM E SS A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Halford, and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

Hampden’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Conjlanlia Hampden, Wife of Robert Hampden Esquire: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Taphonft -A. Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and, Free-thro* holders, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of Liferard the Peace, held at Lqftwithiel, in and for the County Road. of Cormoally the 16th Day of January, 1761, and reading near, and having Occasion to travel on, the great Road leading from the Town of Lijkeard\ in the said County of Cornwall, to Crimble Passage, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have observed, that a Bill is ordered in, for making a Turnpike Road from the said Town of Lijkeard, to the said Passage of Crimble; and alleging,that the great Road, which hath been moll conftautly used by all Persons travelling from the said Town to the said Passage, leads through the Villages of Hefenford and Croft hole, through the several Parishes of Lijkeard, Menheniot, Morval, Saint Martins, Saint Germans, Sheviock, Antony, and Maker; and that a considerable Part of the said Road is the great Wellern Poll Road from Plymouth to Looe, Fowey, Truro, and Penzance, and is nearer, and leads through a more level Part of the Country, and can be made at a much Jess Expence than the Road proposed by the said Bill; and that from the said Village of Crofthole a Road leads to Tarr Point Passage, in the said Parish of Antony, which Road is constantly used by great Numbers of People frequenting the Market at Plymouth Dock, who will be liable to be charged with the Tolls proposed by the said Bill, though very little Benefit can accrue to them from it, as they travel but a very inconsiderable Part of the Road proposed by the Bill: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing the said great Road, from the said Town of Lijlceard to the said Passage of Crimble, through the several Parishes of Lijlceard, Menheniot, Morval, Saint Mar tins, Saint Germans, Sheviock, Antony, and Maker', and also for repairing the said Road leading from the said Village of Crof those, to the said Passage of Tarr Point, to the said Parish of Antony; as neither of the said Roads can be effectually repaired by the ordinary CouiL of Law; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Hinton And ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the com-Inclosure. mon Fields, common or waste Grounds, and other commonable Places, in the Parish of Hinton, otherwise Hinton Walrish, in the County of Berks, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common or waste Grounds, and other common-able Places, in the Parish of Hinton, otherwise Hinton Walrish, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr./tye do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

White Cross Sir George Savile presented to the House, according

Beverly to Order, a Bill for repairing and amending the Road

Road. leading from Whitecross, in the Parish of Leven, in

Holdcrnejfc, in the East Riding of the County of York, *0

Mr. Palmer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, in the Parish of Fringford, otherwise Ferringford, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Commons, and waste Grounds, lying in the Parish, and within the Precincts of the Manor of Langton Herring, in the County of DorJ'et, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bayn-tun, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Proaje, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. More, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Sandys, Mr George Onslow, Mr. Montagu. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Smith, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. West fating, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fuller, Lord Barrington, Mr. Burrell, Lord Milton, Mr. Pole, Lord Villiers, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fane, Sir George Savile, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Med-Lycott, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Probyn, Lord Malpas, Mr. Rose Fuller, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Buller, Lord Thomond, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Myddclton, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Tudway, Lord Bateman, Mr. Thymic, Mr. Champion, Mr. Bull, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Thomas Fane, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Anfbn, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Butler, S\r John Turner, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Moore, Mr. Honeywood; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Eftale of William Thornton, Esquire, in the County of York, in him, in Fee Ample, discharged of the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile,'Sir. Palmer, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fane, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Gore, Mr. Medlycolt, Mr. Coofa, Mr. Tr/fl, Yord Carpenter, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. More, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cref-well, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Lord Villiers, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Boone, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Buller, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Turner, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Matthexo Lambe, Mr. Plumptrc, Admiral Rodney, Mr. Bull, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Jarr it Smith, Mr. Champion, Mr. Ridley, Mr Cocks, Mr. Morton, Lord Thomond, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Rose Fuller, Admiral Frankland, Mr. Pye, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Anson, Do61 or Hay, Mr. Price Campbell, Mr. Chetxvynd, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Waldegrave, Mr. Gqfhry, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Grosvenor, Lord Malpas, Mr. - Clayton, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. George Onfloxo reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Reolor of the Parilli and Parish Church of Saint Mary, Newington Butts, in the County of Surry, and his Successors, to grantaLeafe or Leases of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said

Rectory,

Fringford

Inclosure,

Langton

Herring

luclolure.

Thornton’*

Edau.

Newingtoi

Butts

Rectory

i Geo. III.

I'JJanuaru. toja

Rectory, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once -read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed, .:

Tallow Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the XT* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Ireland, extending an Act, intituled, An Act to difeorpinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable on Tallow imported from Ireland, to Hogs Lard ^and Grease, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

tiampden’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat, for naturalizing Conflantia Hampden, Wife of Robert Hampden Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Morrefoy Sir James Lowther presented to the House, according Inclosure. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing an open Common, within the Manor and Parish of Morrejby, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Taphouse Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom through the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Jloads"* ^aft Taphouse Lane, through the several

Parishes of Broadoak, Saint Pinnock, and LiJkeard, through the Parish of Menheniot, and over Bulterdon Water to Coomb Row House, in the Parish of Saint Ive, in the County of Cornwall; and also the Roads from the said Borough of Lijkeard, through the Parishes of Menheniot, Saint Germans, Sheviock, Antony, in the said County, and Maker, to Crimble Passage, in the said County, or in the County of Devon; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Packington A Bill for discontinuing the Use of a Road leading

Koad*. from a parm House, in the Parish of Great Packington,

in the Occupation of Richard Harding, to a Stream of Water which divides the Parishes of Great Packmgton and Little Packington-, and for preventing the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 33d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road, from Stone Bridge to Cajllc Broomwich, from erecting a Gate or Turnpike between Slone Bridge and Vol. 28.

the Place where the Road turns off to Colejhill, in the County of Warwick-) was read a Second time.

- Resolved) That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prozvfe,

Mr. Cartwright, Sir Charles Mordaunt) Mr. Nor they,

Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Trijt, Lord Royston,

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Sandys, Mr; Clevland,

Mr. Anjbn, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. John Pitt, Lord Thomond, Mr. Berkeley,

Mr.Cadogan, Mr. Hanger, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Bra?id,

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Khvill,

Mr. Tucker, Mr. John Philipps, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Champion, Mr. Motitagu,

Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Stanley, Sir John Pennington, Mr. More,

Mr. White, Mr. Boone, Lord North, Lord Bateman,

Mr. Butler, General Stanwix, General Waide grave,

Mr. Fuller, Admiral Pocock, Mr. Nugent, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Lev(son Gower, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fellozves, Sir George Savile,

Mr. Hume, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Thynne, Mr. Elliott, Mr.

Moore, Mi\ Charlton, Mr. Hunter, Sir Matthew Lambe,

Mr. Bull, 'Mr. Coventry, Mr. John Buller, Mr. Honey-wood, Mr. Walter, Mr. Tow?fend, Mr* Calvert, Mr;

Bryce Campbell^ Mr. Vernon, Mr. Campbell-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick,

Leiccsler% and Stafford; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

The other Orders of the Day being read

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ] House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, dpOn Monday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and MeaDS* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Mr. Peter Burrell reported from the Committee, to Bindley*, whom the Petition of John Bindley junior, and John yer^fc Maud, Merchants^ was referred, That the Committee Manufacture, had examined the Matter of Fast Oontairied in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Burrell have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth j Viz.'

A State of the Fafts contained in the said Petition is as follows; viz.

Mr. John Chamier, Merchant, being examined, said,

He did not know of any Verdigrease being made in E??gla?id, except by Mr. Bindley and Mr. Maud:

That Verdigrease is imported from the South of France: That he never heard of any being brought from any other Place; and that he apprehends the People of England never knew how to make it till nowi That he has been told, the French make it from the Mart or Hulls of the Grapes, after the Juice has been pressed out for Wine; and that he does not know, that any of the Materials used in France in making Verdigrease are subject to Duties:

That it is the general Opinion, That Verdigrease is made in France only: That it is now a considerable Article imported at JLeghorn: That he never heard of any imported from any where else, but from the South of France: and that he has imported it himself from Marseilles.

And it appears, by the Accounts referred to the Committee, That the Quantities imported and exported for feveu Years were as follow:

From

Bindley’*

&c.

Verdigrease

Manufacture.

1040

230 Januarii.

From Christmas 1752 to Christmas

Pounds Weight Bounds Weight.

imported. . exported.

1753 - - 118,967 - - - 52TI

1754 - - I49>555 - - - 1440

1755 - - - 132,194 - - - 2168

1756 - - - 84,024 - - - 2420

1757 - - - 30,422 - - - 2386

1758 - - 29>321 - - - 3060

1759 - - - 44,474 - " - 59*

Total 588,957 17,277

A. 176*1/

,l

Mr. EdmundTaylor, being examined, said, he had been a Broker in the Drug Way 21 Years; that Verdigrease is used in Coach Painting, andother Painting; and very much in the dying of Hats; that when it is wet, it fells for about One Shilling per Pound, and when very dry, from 18 d. to 20 d.; but on an Average, from One Shilling to 20d. according to the Dryness.

Mr. John Planner and Mr. James Bindley, being severally examined, said. That they had seen the Manufactory of Verdigrease carried on by the Petitioners, in the several Stages, and had collected some of it from the Copper Plates, on which it vegetated; when they took it off the Plates, they put it into a Bag, and put their Seals on it; that it remained under their Seals about 3 Days, during which Time, it was dried: That they then delivered some of this Verdigrease to Mr. Primate, a Chemist; some to Mr. Cra/e, a Coach Painter; some to Mr. Cornelius Taylor, a Paper Stainer; and some to Mr. Pemberton, a Coach and House Painter; and that a Part of it was delivered by the said Mr. James Bindley to Mr. JackJ'on, a Hatter.

Mr. John Cluimier, Merchant, being again examined, laid. That he*ha$ received Verdigrease from Mr. James Bindley and Mr. Planner, that he compared it with some French Verdigrease, and thinks it equally good; that the Price has varied for Ten Years palt, from 15 d> to 18 d. per Pound: That there was a little Rife for about Twelve Months, and then it was fold for 20rf.; that about a Year or a Year and Half ago, there was a great Scarcity, and then it fold for 22 d. per Pound, and the Manufacturers were in great Distress for want of it: That it is used in the dying.of Hats.

Being aiked, Why in the Years 1753, 1754,31^1755, so large a Quantity was imported, inComparifon with the Four succeeding Years: He said it was owing to the falling off of the Hat Trade; for that many thousand Dozen of Hats lefswere exported in the last Period, than i’ ^the Three preceding, Years.

Mr. Edmund Taylqr, being again called, and aiked, If he knew of any Verdigrease having been made here; he said, he had a Sample of some, which was said to be made in England, which he produced to your Committee; but that it was so bad, that he had not been able to fell it, though he had had it by him Six Years:

That he had seen some of Mr. Bindley' sand Maud's Verdigrease, and knows no Difference between that and foreign Verdigrease, in Point of Goodness; a Peice of Mr. Bindley s Verdigrease was then produced to Mr. Tayloi*, which he said was as good as Foreign; and he added, that he knew the other English Verdigrease, which he had produced to your Committee, to be a Mixture of French Verdigrease and Whiting, by way of Imposition; and that he does not know of any Person that makes Verdigrease in England, except the Petitioners.

Mr. William Primate, Chymilt, being examined, said. That he received some Verdigrease from Mr. Planner mid Mr. James Bindley, in ordertomake anExperiment, to try whether or no it was real Verdigrease; and that in the Experiment, it had all the Properties of real Verdigrease; that by dissolving it in Vinegar, he can extract the Colour from it, and the Goodness depends upon the id

Purity of it; that he tried it against some French., which was very good in Quality: That 11 Ounces very good foreign Verdigrease, produced,

oz. drs.

-OfCryftals - - - - 5 ro

Of undissolved Matter - - 4 13

Deficiency - - - - o 9

Which makes up the - - 11 o

That he then took Two Ounces and Three Quarter? of the Verdigrease given to him by Mr. James Bindley and Mr. Planner, being a Fourth Part of the aforesaid Quantity of French Verdigrease; and that produced,

oz. di's.

Of Crystals -----16 Of undissolved Matter - - i; 3I,

Deficiency - - - o 2§

2 12 r\

From which Experiments, he said, it appears that the Two Sorts are nearly equal in Goodness; and that upon the Whole, he apprehends no Preference can' be given to the French:

That lie does not know of any other Persons, except Mr. Bindley and Mr. Maud, who are possessed of the Secret of making Verdigrease here; and he apprehends it is a new Invention.

Mr. ComeliitsTaylor, Paper Stainer, being examined, said, That he received some Verdigrease from Mr* Planner and Mr. James Bindley, which he ground with Oil, and compared it with some of French Manufacture: ThatMr.BiWfeys answered rather better in Col our, and was rather stronger in Body; and that he never used any better: That he knows the Difference between this and the foreign Verdigrease; that the Acid is different; and he told Mr. Planner, he knew it was not French by the Smell:

That he has seen Verdigrease which was made in England, within these Three or Four Years; but could not use it, as it would not grind.

Mr. William Pemberton, Coach Painter, being exr amined, said. That he received some Verdigrease from Mr. Planner, which he ground in Oil, and tempered with White Lead, which is the Way they use it; That he tried it against French Verdigrease, and it proved equally good in all respects; and that he never heard of arty made in England before.

Mr. George Jackson, Hat-maker, being examined, said, That he dyed a Dye of Hats, confiding of 120, withe some Verdigrease, which he received from Mr. James Bindley; That he used the same Quantity that he does of French Verdigrease; that it went as far, and the Hats, when dyed, were as good a Colour; that he had tried it more than once; and he added, that Hats cannot be dyed without Verdigrease:

That in the lad War, Verdigrease was at a very high Price, being fold for 2s. 6d. per Pound; but a great Quantity was hurried in before the breaking out of the War, which has kept down the Price so much, that he

bought

e

i Geo. III. 23° — 26° Jahuar 1041

bought some lately for 19 d. per Pound, of the same Dryness and Goodness. '

That if the French were to flop the making of it, or prohibit the Exportation, we could not make a Hat: That he uses about Six Pounds of it in a Week; and that he never heard of any being made in England except by Mr. Bindley and Mr. Maud.

Then Mr. Bindley, one of the Petitioners, informed your Committee, That he is very sure they can make a much larger Quantity of Verdigrease in a Year than can possibly he consumed here.

Ordered, That the hud Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

And then the Hcjufe adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock. \

Lurice^ 26° die *Januarii \ ,

Anno i° Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

Ha«bury’s A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. /y. to enable Cupel ITanhury Esquire, and George Hanbuiy Esquire, for themselves and their respective Issue Male, to make an Exchange of their settled Estates in the County of Monmouth; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jarrit Smithy Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prozvfe, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Fdlvzves, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Whichcot, Tucker, Mr. Calthorpe,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Willy, Mr. More, Mr. Webb, Mr. Foley, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Olrnius, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Cartzoright, Mr. Barrow, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Selzoyn, Sir Gebrgc Yonge, Mr. Tudway, Sir William Ozcen, Mr. Trift, Mr. Walsingham, Mr. Ilezvelt, General A*Court, Is/iv.Probyn, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Kemys Tyntc, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Watson, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Clive, Mr. Bat fan ft, Sir George Saviie, Mr. Thomas Morgan, Mr. Elliot, Mr. 'Starhie, Mr. West, Mr. Rose Fuller, Lord Gage, M r. Peter Burrell, Colonel Bofeazvcn, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Mackworth, Sir William Irby, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Honywood, Mr. Gajhryjslv. Thomas Fane, Lord Villiers, Mr. Rebozv, General Stanwix, Mr. Forrefter, General Cornwallis, Mr. Thomas Morgan junior. Lord Vemey, Mr. Myddelton, Mr Lockyer, Mr. Pryce Campbell, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Fazakerley, General Stuart, Mr. Moore, Sir William Maynard,^/[\\ Fairfax, Mr.67/<77^.9 Town field, Mr. Vernon, Lord Panmure, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Malt hero Lambe, Mr. Crafter. Admiral OJborn, Mr. Walpole, Sir Ludovick Grant, Mr. ChauntyTozvnJend, Sir Hcmy Grey, Sir John Turner, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Lewis, Sir John , Pennington, Sir Wyvdham Knatchbull Wyndham, Sir Francis Pcole; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Monmouth, Hereford, Gloucester, Somerset, and Wilts; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Pa ikon A Bill for the dividing and inclosing the open and

indofuie. common Fields in the Hamlet of Pailton, in the Parish of Monks Kirby, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be comm if ted to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Trift, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Cartivright, Mr. A\devm?n\DickinJbn, Mr. Coventiy, Mr. Prowse, Sir George Saviie, M r. Fcllotces, S\r Francis Boole, Mr. Smith, Mr. Olrnius, Mr. Hanger, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hewe It, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. More, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Northey, Mr. Walpole,

Vojl 28.

Mr. Thomas Fane, Sil’ Robert Hildyard, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Calthorpe, Mv.Forrefter, Mr. George Onjlozv,

Mr. Stanhope, Mv.Crasler, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Whichcot,

Mr. Tucker, Mr. Willy, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bur-veil, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Pye, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Han-bury, M r. Gaftny, Mr. Foley, Mr. Walter, Mr Berkeley,

Admiral OJbome, Mr. Tudivay, Sir William Maynard,

Mr. Barrow, Sir Thomas Stapleton, Mr. Fane, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. 1 Vi Ikes, Mr. TownJ-kciid, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Hume, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Honywood,

Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Prxfe Campbell* Lord Barrington, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Selwyn, Mr.

Newnham, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Bayn* tun; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, Derby, Stafford, Worcester, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1 !;

Ordered, That Sir George Saviie be added to the Gen- BurtonPIdfea tlemeji: who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Ineiofure. Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of and in the Five several large open Fields, Pieces or Parcels of Ground, commonly called, known, and distinguished by the several Name and Names of the North Field, the South Field, the Greens, the Ing Carr, and the Deep Carr, lying and being in Burton Pidfea, in Hotdemejfe, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto let and subscribed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing #nd widening the Roads Taphouse from the East End of West Taphouse Lane, through through Lif-the several Parish eg of Broadoak, Saint Pinnock, and kcard Road3* Lijkeard, through the Parish of Menheniot, and over Butlerdon Water to Coomb Rozo House, in the Par ilk of Saint Ive, in the County of Cornwall; and also the Roads from the said Borough of Liskeard, through the Parishes of Menheniot, Saint Germans, Sheviock, Antony, in the said County, and Maker, to Crimble Passage, in the said County, or in the County of Devon; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title bo, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of West Taphouse Lane, to the Borough of Liskeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House; and also the Road from the said Borough of Lijkeard.to Craft-hole, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tar Point, and from Crafthole aforesaid, to Saint Germans Beacon, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Eliot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and Norf,arn common Grounds, called Norham Infields, and the indofure. Common or Waite called Norham Moor, within ihe Township of Norham, in the County of Durham, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crafter,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Hume, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, S\r George Saviie, Mr. Berkeley,

Lord Villiers, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Olrnius, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Warren, Mr. Felloivcs, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte; Mr. Palmer, General Stanwix, Mr.

Hanger, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Foley, Sir Thomas Staple-ton, Mr. Pye, Lord Gage, Mr. Smith, M v.Cref well, Mr.

Stanley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Townshend, Sir George Dal-ft on, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Whichcot, M r. Jarrit Smith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Champion, Mr.

Northey, Mr. Walter, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr.

Butler, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Honywood, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Tudway,

Mr. Tucker; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Cumberland, Northumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

121 Mr.

10+2

260 Januarii.

A. 17

Piihcrton Mr. ffi/fy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bridge Road, petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, refilling in and near the several Places through which the Highway paflfes,from the City of New Sarum to the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, leading to Devizes, in the said County of Wilts, and others frequently passing the said Road, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

John Turner Esquire, being examined, said. That he knows the Road leading from the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the County of Wilts, to the Milestone near the West-ward End of Fisher ton Street, in the said County: That the said Road is in a very ruinous Condition, and in one Part very narrow and incommodious: That if the said Road was effectually repaired and widened, it would be of great Advantage and Convenience to all Persons travelling the fame; but that the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening,'and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbury, in the County of Wilts, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for amending and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road, at the Top of Red Hone Hill, to the Mile Stone near the Western End of Fishevton Street, in the said County.

fcydon A Motion being made, That the Bill for dividing and Ioclofare. inclosing the common Fields,common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, grange Lands, and waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parilli of Eydon, in the County of Northampton, be now read a Second time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. AldermanDickinson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Proivfe, Mr Which-cot, Mr. Palmer, Sir George Savile, Mr. FeUowes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Saniys, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Crafier, Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Edmund Jsliam, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Tozvnshend, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Fane, Mr. Olmiiis, Mr. Nor they. Sir John Wynne, Mr. Smith, Nlr.Gore, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Walter, Mr. Medlycott, Lord North, Mr. Bidler, Mr. George Onjloio, Air, Hanbury, Mr. Champion, Mr. More, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Willy, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Thomas Fane, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Pye, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Honywood, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Rose Fuller, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Leicester, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

WestHa<U!cn Notice being taken. That his Majesty’s Interest is Inclosure. concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields, and common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, Heath, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of West Haddon, in the County of Northampton, which Bill was, upon Thursday the 15th Day of this Instant January, read the First time; and ordered to be read a Second time;

17

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Bill for enlightening the Streets within the City of Exrter Exeter, and Suburbs thereof, was read a Second time. Street* Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mt*. John Walter, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mh Buller, Lord ViHiers, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. 01-niius, Mr. Prowse, Sir George Montgomery Me tham. Mi*.

Fdlozves, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Grafter, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Hanger, Mr. White, Mr.

More, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr Banhes, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir Win. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Tudivay, Mr! Eliot, Mr.

Tuckfield, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Pye, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Smith, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, M r. Palmer, Mr, Webb,

Mr. Knyafton, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Lowndes* Mr. Fairfax, Mr.

Charles Tozvnjhend, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

Tow ash end, M r. Fuller, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Nor the})-, and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Detoon, Cornwall, Somevfet, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according BurtonYAk to Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing certain loclofur* Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields in Burton Pidfea in Holder-ness, in the County of York: And the same was received. and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and com- Exhall mon Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Ground^ Eclofutt, within the Parish of Exhall, in the County of the City of Coventry, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Char lion, Mr Kynaston, Mr.

George Onslow, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Carlzvright, Air.

More, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fellowcs, Sir Thomas Staple-ton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Webb, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Olmius,

Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Palmer, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Montagu, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Fane, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gashry, Mr. Foley, Sir George Savile, Mr. Beikeley, Lord. Egmont, Mr. Barrow, Air.

Lewis, Mr. Tuckfeld, Mr. Elliot, Mr Tudivay, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Mackwor/h, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hanbury, Air.

Trijl, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Selwyn,

Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Pye, Mr. Butler, Mr. Bull, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Alderman Beckjord, Mr. Forrester, Mr. BiiU lock; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Northampton, Leicester, and Derby:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A n ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty to make Leases Duchy and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel Comwill of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun do carry the Bill'to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee to whorfr ^artocj, the Bill for altering, widening, and repairing the Roads, M

from

Insolvent

Debtors.

Appleby,&c. JLoad.

I Ge». III. 26° Januarii.

i°43;

from the Direction Stone at Dyed Way, in Bower Hinton, to the Town of Somei'tGn, and from Gawbridge, lying over the River Perrat, to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water in Martock called FordJto a Place called Cart gate, in Martock, in the County of Somerset, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that' the Committee had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report iniiis Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report he taken into Consideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

A Petition of the imprisoned Bankrupts, confined within the Walls of the King's Bench Prison, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors; and representing to the House the unhappy Circumstances which the Petitioners allege themselves, and others in the like Situation, shall be in from a Clause in the said Bill, excepting those unfortunate Bankrupts, who have not obtained their Certificate, from receiving any Benefit from the Act; and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that, as the Legislature has hitherto judged other Insolvents to be proper Objects of Favour, the Premises considered, the Petitioners shall no Ioriger be excluded the common Benefit of Acts of Insolvency;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Sir James Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gem tlemen. Clergy, Grand Jury, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Westmoreland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of theiPeabe, held at -Appleby in and for the said County, on Monday the 6th Day of October 1760, and, by Adjournment, at Kirkby Kendall, on Friday the 10th Day of October in the Year aforesaid; and also of the Mayor, Aldermen* Common Council, and Btirgefles, of the Boroughs of Appleby and Kirkby Kendall, in the said County of Westmoreland; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where, the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Charles Saunders, being examined,said, That he knows all the Roads mentioned in the Petition (except the Road from Orton to Shapp), and has travelled through the same very lately: That the same are in a Very ruinous Condition, and not capable of being repaired by the ordinary Gourse of Law. And,

* Uptbn Esquire informed your Committee, That he is well acquainted with the Road from Orton to Shapp, which is very bad, and cannot be repaired without the Aid of Parliament.

And both the Witnesses agreed, That the repairing the said Roads would be a great Advantage to tlite Trade of the County, and of public Utility.'

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Applel/y, in the County of Westmorelandf through the Township of Orton to Kirkby Kendall; and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near Shapp; and from Highgate, near Tebay, in a Part of the Highway between Appleby and Kirkby Kendall) through the Towti of Kirkby Stephen, to the Town of Market Brough, in the said County: And that Sir James Lowther and Sir John Pennington do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Vol. 28.

itth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King Justice of George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and 9^1" render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year cauon* of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further (Qualification of Justices of the Peace, might be read:

‘ And the same being read accordingly; . '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 18th Year of his lajet Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and r<?pder more effectual an Act, passed'in the Fifth Year of Jus

pres^rit Majesty *s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices. of the Pea-ce, so'faras the said Act obliges Persons, who have already taker* and subscribed the Qualification Oath, required by the said la‘ft-mentioned Acts to be taken and {pbscribed, to take and subscribe the same again, at the General, or, Quarter Session of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, for which they iiitend to act as Justices ojj the Peace, before they can lo aft: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, 'Six John Philipps, and Mr. Cart’ wfight, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. George Onslow presented to the House, accord- Croydon } ing to Order, a Bill for repairing the Parish Church of Church. Crbyddii, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the Firli time. ' ,

JAeJplvcd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for amending and widening the Road leading Falmouth from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Corn- Road. wall, through the Towns of Penryn, Ilelston, and Afa-razioiif and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred feet to the West ward of the said River and Bridge, was read a Second time; p.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr., Peter Burrell, Mr. Townshend, Mr. El let, Mr. \Huftey, Stc Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, S\r John Philipps, Mr.

Kynaston, M r. George Onslow, M r. Proxcfe, Sir George vile,isle.More, Mr. Cr after PSlr. Morgan, Lord Midletoh',

Mr.Pye, Mr. Cartwright, MwFellowes, Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

Berkeley, Lord Egmoni, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, M r. Campbell, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Gore, Mr, liexQctt, Sjr Francis Dashwood, Mr. Bayntun, Mr; Coventry, Mr. Trift,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Smith, Sir, John Gordon, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. IIanbury, S'w Thomas Palmer,

Mr. R«//, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord Villiers, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Webb, Mr. Hony-wood, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Charles Townshend> Mr. Tucker, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Walter, Mr. Cal-thorpe, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Gaftiry, Mr. Chetwynd; and alj the Members who ferye for the Counties of Cornwall,

Devon, Som'&rfet, and Dorset: Attd they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Aningrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sherard’# for rendering effectual an Agreement for making a E*lates% Partition of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Leicester, late the Estates of Janits Sherard, Doctor of Phylic, and Robert Freeman Gentleman, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prodje, Lord Egmont, Mr. Hanger, Sir CharlesKemys Tyiite, Mr. Pye, Mr. Gore, Mr. Berkeley,

Sir EdmundIsham, Mr; Jarrit Smith, Mr. Chester, Mr.

Butler, Mr. Coven by, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Savile, Mr.

Burrell, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Calthorpe,

Mr. More, Mr. Grove, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Webb, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Morion, Mr. Lowtids,

Mr. Trift, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Bayntun, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Forrefter, General Stamcix, Mr. Smith,

Sir William Maynard, Mr. Fane, Lord M idle tun, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Walter, Mr. Palmer, Sir John Pennington,

w.

Tallow imported from Ireland.

Offices nnd Employ-menu.

Keith’s

forfeited

Estates.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Bindley’s,&c. Verdigreale Maw u fad u re.

Martock, &c. Road.

1044 26° — 17 J. 1761.

Mr. Madly colt, Mr. Van ft It art, Mr Fairfax, Mr. Chet-zcyud, Mr. Fazqkcrley, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Rofc Fuller, Mr. BidUr, Mr. ZM/, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. llonyzvood, Mr. Nugent, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wynd-Imin; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, Lincoln, and Northampton: And thevare to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An in eroded Bill for extending an Act, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable on Tallow imported from Ireland, to Hogs Lard and Grease, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill clo pass: And that the Title be, an Act for extending an Act, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable on Tallow imported from Ireland, tp Hogs Lard and Grease.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynafon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Jullioes of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, atkl others, who have omitted to regiiier, or to deliver "in, tlieiV Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes: And that Sir John Philipps and Mr. Kynafon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Bill for enabling his Majesty to grant to George Keith, late Earl Mareschal, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all such principal Money and Interest as now remain due to the Public, for or upon account of the Price or Purchase-money contrafted to be paid for certain Parts of his Estates, after Payment and Satisfaction of all lawful Debts and Claims which affected the same at the Time of his Attainder; and for enabling him and them to sue for, recover, or compel, Payment thereof; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Hefolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Bindley ]\\mov, and John Maud, Merchants, was referred.

said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 27" die ’Januarii",

Anno i° Georgii III. Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

V BI LL for dividing and inclosing certain open and Frinford Jf\ common Fields, in the Parilli of Fringford, other- Inclosure. wife Ferringford, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Palmer,

Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Proufe, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Nor they, Mr. I Fillies, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller,

Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Bullej', S\r Edmund Isham, Mr.

More, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Walter, Mr.

Pye, General Conway, Mr. Smith, Sir Ralph Millbank,

Mr. Trijl, Lord Egmont, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Colcbrooke,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Medlycott, Sir George Sa-vile, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Plumptrc, Mr. Coven tiy, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Roje Fuller, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor,

Mr. Freeman, Sir Waller Blackett, Mr. Shaflo, Mr.

Crofter, Mr. Hume, Mr. Cartzoright, Mr. Tudway, Sir Charles KemysTynte, Mr. My ddeltonJSw James Lowther,

Mr. Hunter, Mv.Gafhry, Mr. Grenville, Sir Robert Long,

Lord Middleton, Sir James Colebrooke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Bucks, Northampton, Wartvick, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing an open Common Morrelby within the Manor and Parish of Morresby, in the County inclosure. of Cumberland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Lozvther, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prozofe, Mr. Cartzoright,

Mr. Shafto, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Palmer, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Fane, General Conway, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Clive, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Egmont, Mr. Rofc Fuller, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Tozvnshcnd,

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Bull, Mr. Gore, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Freeman, Sir George Savile,

Mr. More, Mr. Crejivell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Calthorpe,

Mr. Trijl, Mr. George Onfozo, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Ralph Millbank, Mr. Fellaives, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Tucker, General Holmes, Mr. Hume, Admiral Osborn, Mr. Sy+ monds, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Buller, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Loivndes, Mr. Willy, Mr. Palmer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Wefmoretand, Lancaster, York, Durham, and Northumbeiiand: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order made this Day, for taking into Confutation the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering, widening, and repairing the Roads from the Direction Stone at Dyed Way, in Bower Hinton, to the Town of Somerton, and from Gawbridge, lying over the River P err at, to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water in Martock called Ford, to a Place called Cart-gate, in Martock, in the County of Somerset, was committed, after the House should have proceeded on the Orders of the Day, being read:

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

Aud the Amendments made by the Committee to the

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Gramj for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Ro Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of St. Auflell, and Lojhvithiel, and from thence to the Ea(l End of the Western TaphouftLane, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for xhea naturalizing Nicholas Theaud i To which the Lords Nat, desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir

i Geo. III. 270 — 28° 1045

Offices and Sir John Philipps presented to the House, according Employ- to Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons, who have omit* ments. ted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, and others, who have omitted to register, or to deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Afliburton, Lieutenant General Comvay reported from the Com-&c. Road, mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Traveller's Rest, iii the Parish of Ashburton, to Newton Bushel, and from thence to Diptford Bridge, in the Parish of Bovey Trace}), in the County of Devon, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the several Parishes of Teingrafe, Bovey Tracey, Luftley, North Bovey, and Moreton Hampstead, and the Inhabitants residing in and near the said Pariilies, in the County of Devon; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, and others, principal Inhabitants of the City of Exeter; and also the Petition of the Trustees named in a certain Act of Parliament, palfed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the hollow Way on the Well Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, to a Place called Bidde-ford, in the County of Devon, and of the several Creditors on the Tolls in the said Act mentioned; and also the Petition of the Trustees, subscribing on behalf of themselves and their Co-Trullees, impowered to put in Execution an Act made and passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Chudteigh Bridge, in the Parish of Ilennock, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Ashburton, to Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County; were referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Justices of Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, Peace Quali- according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, passed in ficatiun. -the 18th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, so far as the said Act obliges Persons, who have already taken and subscribed the Qualification Oath, required by the said last mentioned Acts to be taken and subscribed, to take and subscribe the same again, at the General or Quarter Session of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, for which they do intend to act as Justices of the Peace, before they can so ad: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Trade of the Mr. Rose Fuller presented to the House, according Sugar Colo- to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sixth n,cg- Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Vol. 28. ‘

Colonies in America: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Theaud’* for naturalizing Nicholas Theaud, Was read the First Nal* time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Bindley*,&c. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^nuSstare consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Bindley junior, and John Maud, Merchants, was referred.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock;

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of all the public Debts at the Receipt of his PubhcDebt*. Majesty’s Exchequer, (landing out at Christmas last, with the Annual interestor other Charges payable for the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° die Januarii \

Ann$ i° Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

IR Charles Kemys Tynte reported from the Com- Roads, mittee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads leading to the City of Bath, and for amending several other Roads near the said City, as directs the laying out a new Road from the Bridge at Bath to Rush Hill, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to toe true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Proivjc reported from the Committee, to whom Tudway’s the Bill for confirming and establishing an Exchange Exchange, of Lands, agreed to be made between Charles Tudway Esquire, and the Archdeacon of Wells, in the County of Somerfel, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and . afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of African Fort Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be pre- at fented to the House; Annam.b,

12 K Mr.


1046 28° Januarii. 1761,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majestys Ford, to a Place called Cartgaic, in Martock, in the Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, County of Somerset, was read the Third time, having been informed of the Contents of the said Pe- Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title

tition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House. be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintin-reciting, that the Petitioners did, by their Petition hull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford presented on the 2 ift Day of this instant January, pray to Cartgate, in Martock, in the County of Somerset. the House to grant such Sum as to the House should Ordered, That Mr. ProwJ'e do carry the Bill to the seem meet for the necessary Support of the British Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Forts on the Coast of Africa; and representing to the

House, that several of the Forts are in a ruinous Con- Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom Snowfall dition; that the Board of Ordnance have given Notice the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain common Inclosarc-to the Petitioners, that the Fort at Annamabo is near Fields and common Meadows, and a common HiH

completed, and desired to know into whose Charge the Petitioners would have it delivered; and alleging, that the Petitioners are apprehensive, that the Settlements now under their Care, with the said Fort at Annamabo added to them, cannot be properly protected and secured, unless a larger Sum be granted for their Maintenance and Support for the ensuing Year, than what has been hitherto usually appropriated for that Purpose: And therefore praying the House to take this Matter into their Consideration, and to make such Provision therein as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Tnfolvent A Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors, was read a Debtors. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bud-gen, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Walter, Mr. More, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Carpenter^ Mr. Fuller, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Wynne, Mr. San-dys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. George Onjlozv, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, General Cornwallis, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Villiers, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Lord Midleton, Mr. Pole, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bond, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Anson, Lord North, Mr. Neivnham, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Fane, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Honywood, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Pye, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Norton, Sir Francis Dafhxvood, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Trift, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Shelley, Admiral Of-borne, Mr. Bull, Mr. Buller, Mr. For, Mr, Probyn, Mr. Forrefter, Mr. Moore, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Smith, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Shafto; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Petition of the imprisoned Bankrupts, confined within the Walls of the King's Bench Prison, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill should be read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

African Fort Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay at before this House, an Account of the State and Con-nnama o. ^tiem of the Fort at Annamabo, on the Coast of Africa, according to the latest Accounts received from thence.

Militia Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Establish Establishments of the several Regiments, Battalions, and ments. Independent Companies, of the Militia, of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, that are now embodied.

Martock,tc. An ingossed Bill for altering, widening, and repair-

Koad». ing, the Roads from the Direction Stone at Dyed Way, in Bower Hinton, to the Town of Somerton, and from Gawbridge, lying over the River P err ait, to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water in Martock called

24

called Snowfall Hill, lying within the Manor of Snoivs-hill, in the County of Gloucester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingossed Bill to enable the Rector of the Parish Newington and Parish Church of Saint Mary, Neivington Butts, in B"lts the County of Surrey, and his Successors, to grant a f ory’ Lease or Leases of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Mary, Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, and his Successors, to grant a Lease or Leases of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Redory.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onjloiv do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to Officer qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and an(1 Employ to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieute- metu,‘ nants. Officers of the Militia, and others, who have omitted to register, or to deliver in, their Qualifications* within the Time limited by Law; and for giving fur-> ther Time for those Purposes; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ward presented to the House, according to Or- Stone, &c. der, a Bill for amending and widening the Road from Road' the Town of Stone to Wordejley Green Gate, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton, to join the Road leading from Sharefhill to EJfmgton Wood, in the County of Stafford, and from the West End of Bilston Street, in Wolverhampton aforesaid, to the High Street in Dudley, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year Trade oft! of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se- Sugar Cole cond, intituled, An Act for the better securing and en- ,llcs' couraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

Morning

i Geo. III. 2 8- 290 Jamarii. 1647

Morning nert, resolve itself into a Committee of the \2df dit 1'fatfU&tdk' i.

whole House, upon the said Bill. . , ' *' , ’

, . -Appo i’ Georgw Bflgis, 1,7^1.

Leeds and Ordered, That Lord John Cavendish, Lord 'Frederick ' ,. _ y.y,

Sheffield Cavendish, General Cotiivay, Mr. Fletcher, Mr! Brcyid, Puayx as. '

R0a ‘ Mr* Thurjby, S\r Robert Hildyard, General HoRn^Ur., Q IR lYyndkam ^»jdA«7ipresented totlie Dartford,&£.

Luttrell, Mr. Crejieell, Mr. Callliorpe, Mr. Cotebrooke,.- Hdtffe,according loOnder, a Bill fcrrciideriugniore Roads.

Mr. Powell, Sir John Turner, Mr. -lluje Fuller, Mr. effectudjeveral Acts, passed in the Tenth. Year-of 'her Sandys, Mr. Hill, Mr. Peter Burrell, be, added to the ]ate Majesty Oueen Amie, in the Eleventh Year of'his Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render m^re ^te Majesty King George the Eicft, and in the Eleventh effectual an Act, passed in the 3 iff Year of the Reign of Year of! his late Majesty King LheSecond, for

his late Majesty King Georgetjie Second, intituled, An enlarging, (amending, atad maintaining, the Road from

Act for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in Dartf&rdXoNort^leel kndGrave/end, the County of York, is committed. end to Chalk, and from to and1 from

thence to the Stones End near the^PafcMh Church of Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Strood, in the County of Kent: And the same was re-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ceived; and read the First time, consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Order be poftoned.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House, to and Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

"Bindley Y&c. Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Verdigrease ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Manufacture. j-ioufe5 to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Bindley junior, and John Maud, Merchants, was referred.

Supply. The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out ftnee the 10th Day of December last, in pursuance of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services, for the Year 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Estimale, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, be referred to the faic} Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr ^Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Rdblutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other postponed Order of the Day being read;

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-amd Mean* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-jnorrowr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol, 28.

Ordered, That Mr. Wiiki?tfon be added to the Gentle- Gatherly men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a' Bill M°or Roads, for making, amend ing, widening, turning, and repairing, the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherly Moor, near Didderjley Hill, to and through the Town of Caldwall, in the County of York, and from thence to and through the Town oiWiifon, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Staindrop, in the said County; and also from the said Turnpike Road; near SmaUways, toia-nd through the Town of Hutton-lom*-villers, in the said.

County of York, and from thence; to and through the Town of Oviugton, to the Ford across the River Tees, to the Town of Winflon, in the said County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the River Tees at or near Winsion Ford.

Si r Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, accord- Ryton ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosinrg the com- Inclosure. mon Fields, common Pastures, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands in the Parish of Ryton, otherwise Ruyton upon Dunfmore, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bond be added to the Gentlemen, Lulworth who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- incl°sure. tuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Edioard Weld Esquire, John Pope Gentleman, the Reverend William Dale Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of East Lulworth, in the County of Dorset, the Reverend Richard Robhfon Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Combe Keynes, in the said County of Dorset,

JoJepli Garland, William Hat.chard, and John Penny, and of the several other Persons whose Hands are thereunto subscribed.

The Lord Par/rer presented to the House, according Wardington to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and Inclosure. common Fields, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Ground, within Wardington, William Jcctt, otherwise Willfcot, and Coton otherwise Cotes, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to Wappenham Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Inck>forc. Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Wappenham, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of scheHamlet of Afiwell and Faulcut, in the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rqfbbed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Au ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hampden’s ibr naturalizing Constantia Hampden, Wife of Robert Nat. Hampden Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved,

1048 *9°

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Gore, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Car tier ig lit, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Witkinfon, Mr. Fuller, Sir Jo/w Philipps, Mr. Fane, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Burrell, Lord Parker, Mr. Bayntun, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Foley, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Trift, Mr. Bond, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Sir George Savile, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. More, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Plumplre, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Myddelton, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Hume, Mr. Walter, Mr. Bull, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir William Owen, Mr. Ryder, Lord Royfion, Mr. Chet-wynd. General A'Court, Mr. Calthorpe, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Luttrell, Sir John Turner, Mr. Word, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Campbell, M r. White, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the County of Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five , of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stone, &c. A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town of Bir-Roads* mingham, and other Places, in the Counties of Wdrtvick &nd Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending for repairing the Road from the Town of Stone in the County of Stafford, to a certain Gate in the Borough of Stafford called Gaol Gate, and for repairing certain other Roads in the said Petition mentioned; and setting forth, that the Road leading from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, through the Hamlets of Oldbury and Smethwick, to the said Town of Birmingham, is in a very ruinous Condition, and, in several Places, very incommodious and narrow, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

A nd i t is referred to Sir Charles Mor daunt, M r. Ward, Mr. Loiviules, Mr. Proxofe, Lord Parker, Mr. Fuller, Lord Royfion, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Witkinfon, Mr. Powell\ Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cartieright, Mr. Fellozves, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. More, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bond, Sir William Maynard, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Nor-they, Lord North, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Trift., Sir John Wynne, Mr. Staunton, Sir John Turner, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Butler, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Peter Burrell, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Willy, Mr. Palmer, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Charles TownJhe?id, Sir Robert Hildyard; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Worcester, Derby, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ditio. A Petition of several Persons of the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, that the Highway leading from the Road from Sharejhill to Effington Wood, over ChefiynHay, across a Road called Street Way, to Cannock, in the said County of Stafford, is in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Parts, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill forrepaiF-

nuarii. A. 1761.

ing and widening the Road aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing an Tudway’i Exchange of Lands agreed to be made between Charles Exphan$e. Tudway Esquire, and the Archdeacon of Wells, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. L. 32. After " aforesaid/' to inserttf and."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Queilion put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange of Lands, agreed to be made between Charles Tudway Esquire, and the Archdeacon of Wells, in the County of Somerset:

Ordered, That Mr. Proufe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend so much of an Bath Roadi, Act, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads leading to the City of Bath, and for amending several other Roads near the said City, as directs the layingout a new Road from the Bridge at Bath to Rish Hill, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads leading to the City of Bath, and for amending several other Roads, near the said City; as directs the lay ing out a new Road, from the Bridge at Bath to Bush Hill.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Kemys Tynte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. Witkinfon presented to the House, according to Gather!? Order, a Bill for making, amending, widening, turning, MourRoai and repairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road upon GatherlyMoor, near DiddeifieyHill, to and through the Town of Caldwell, in the County of York, and from thence to and through Town of Winsion, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Staindrop, in the said County; and also from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, to and through the Town of Hutton-long-villers, in the said County of York, and from thence, to and through the Town of Ovington, to the Ford across the River Tees to the Town of Winsion, in the said County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the River Tees, at or near Winsion Ford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to Anlh Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common and Inclotur? open Fields of Anfty, in the County of Ijeicefier: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjourn House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. mem.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Commitlee haddirefted him to

report

i GtO. lit.

4.

2 90 JanuariL

1049

Road*.

Report to the Floufe; which he react in l)is Place; and Afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

tiejidved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the Sum of Two hundred and Sixty-eight thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty; to enable his Majesty to pay off And discharge such Exchequer Bills as have been rilade out fmce the 1 oth Day of December x 760, by virtue of dn Act, pasted in the last $eflion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money; towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services, for the Year 1760, and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Sftlion of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar, for defraying the Charges of his Majesty’s Mints, and the Coinage of Gold and Silver Monies, and other incident Charges of the Mints, and thereby to encourage the bringing in of Gold and Silver to be coined, a Revenue, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds per An-iium, be made up, settled, and secured,4for Seven Years, from the First Day of March 1761, and until the End of the First-Session of Parliament then next enfaing.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second' time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Thorn Sir Robert. Hildyard reported from the Committee, to

bald, &c. whom the Bill for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from SacredGate, in the Parilli of Thorn Gumbuld, in Holderneffc, in the County of York, through Thorn Gumbuld, By hill, Hcyingham, Ottringham, WinCstead, and Pattrington, to Pattrington Creek or Haven; and also the Road leading from the Guide Pofiy in ff/we//c'crdaforesaid,through Winestead Lanes, to a Gate, called Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branfon’s Farm, in the Lordship of Frodingham; and for scouring, drafting, and cleansing, the said Creek or Haven, called Pattrington Haven; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and / found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they*had directed him to report to the House; and hsTead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into.Consideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Order of the Day.

Gloucester, Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom &c. Roads, the Bill for continuing t he Term of, and enlargingand altering the Powers granted and continued by, an Act, made in the 16th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Cric/dnj Hill, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards ^delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consider-ation after the House shall have considered the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair,- the Road leading from Saacd Gate, in the Parish of Thorn Gumbuld, in 1 folder nefle,in the County of York, through Thorn Gumbuld, Ryhill, Heyjngham, Oltringhain, Wine-ft end, and Pattrington, to Pattrington Creek or Hqvcn; and also the Road leading from the Guide Post in Wine-stead aforesaid, through Winestead Lanes, to a Gate, called Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton's Farm, in the Lordship'of Frodinghai)i\ and for scouring, drafting, and cleansing, the said Creek or Haven, called' pattrington Haven; was committed. ~ '

Vol. 28.

An ingrafted Bill for (dividing and inclosing certain Snowftiili common Fields and common Meadows, and a common inclosure* Hill, called Snozv/hill Hill, lying within the Manor of Snow/hill, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title fee, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields and common Mbadows, and a common Hill, called Snozv/hill Hill, lying within ihe Manor of Snozif-hilly in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and amending the Road leading White Croft from Whitecrcfs, in the Parish of Leven, in HoldtnieJJe, B.cvcrlty

in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town Koa of Beverley, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkinson. Sir Robert Hildyard, Sir Lionel Pitkington, Mr.

Berkeley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fellowcs, Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Alderman Dickivfon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. More, Sir John Turner, Mr. Plitmplrc,

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Trift, Sir Charles Mordaunl, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Earle, Mr. Prozvfe, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr.Rose Fuller, Mr. Cartzoright, Mr. Hanger, Mr.

Lockyer, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Powell, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Bond, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Martin, Mr.

Lozvndes, Mr. Fane, Mr. LuttrelT, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland,'dnd Lancaster;

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 18th Year of his fuftiew of late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and ren- race Quali-der more effectual an Act, pasted in the Fifth Year of his ficatl0il* present Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, so far as the said Act obliges Persons, who have already taken and subscribed the Qualification Oath, required by the said last mentioned Acts to he taken and subscribed, to take and subscribe the same again at the General or Quarter Session of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, for which they do intend to act as Justices of the Peace, before they can so aft, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Office* and whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who Employ* have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Em- raents* ployments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, De* puty Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, and bthers, who have omitted to register, of to deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order made this Day, for taking into Considera- Thorn tion the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing,amending, and keeping inRepair, the Road c* °* leading from SacredGalc, in the Parish of ThornGumbaid, in Holdernesse, in the County of York through Thorn 12 L Gumbuld,

c.

1050 290 Januaru — 20 Februarii. A. 1761.

Gum bald. Byhill, Hcyingham, Qttringham, Win^fead, and Pat/ring fan, to Pa tiring ton Creek or Haven; and also the Road leading from the Guide Post, in Winejlead aforesaid, through Winejlead Limes, to a Gate, called Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Br anion's Farm, in the Lordship of Frodingham; and for scouring, dressing, and cleaning, the said Creek or Haven, called Pat* tringlon Haven; was committed; after the I louse should have proceeded upon the other Order oF the Day; being" read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read;

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Glourefter, The Order made this Day, for taking into Considera-c Roads. ’tion Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term of, and enlarging and altering the Powers granted and continued by, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlif) If ill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill, was committed, after the House should have couriered the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Sacred Gale, in the Par Hi of Thorn Gumbald, iu Holder nc/je. In the County of York, through Thorn.Gumbald, Ryhill, Heyingham, Ottringham, Winejlead, and Pat(ring(on, to Pattring/on Creek or Haven; and also the Road leading from the Guide Post, in Winejlead aforesaid, through Winejlead Lanes, to a Gate, called Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branlvn s Farm, in the Lordship of Frodingham; and for fcouri ng, d relfing, and cleaning, the said Creek or Haven, called Patlrington Haven $ was committed; being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor continuing the Term of, and enlarging and altering the Powers granted and continued by, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways from the City of Glouajler to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill, was committed, into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And th^n the House adjoiirned till Monday Morning next, Niue of the Clock.

Lwue, 2° die Februarii \

Anno i° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1761.

Pray Eiis.

A M LIS S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and X~\ Mr. David:

Mr. Speaker,

R'aHln The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 4ikfuture, for the dividing and inclosing the open arable Lands, and the open Meadow, Pasture, and walte Grounds, in the Parish of Hear/by, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also,

*Ui,j^jUTr* T'ho Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act.

for naturalizing Benjamin Maijonneuve, without any Amendment.

Ami then the M offenders withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Theaud, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Butter, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Charles Mardaunt, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Tr'tjt, Mr. Walter, Mr. Harris, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Charlton, M r. Kynaston, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Alderman Dick*, infon, Doctor Sinipjon, Mr. Hanger, Lord Parker, Mr. Popham, Sir Francis Poole', M r. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Ward, M r. Fuller, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Jones, YordCarysfort, Mr. Smith, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Earle, Mr Plumptrc, Mr. Lctewt/^jMr^ John Bailer, Sii John Philipps, Mr. Fane, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Gore, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Alderman Beck ford, Mr. Wilkes, 'Sir.Fletcher, Sir Robert Lad broke, Mr. Tudway, Sir George Savile, Mr. Peter Burrell, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Lockyer junior. Sir George Yonge, Mr. Eliot, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Admiral Rodney: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of, and enlarging and altering t he Powers granted a nd continued by, an Act, made in the 16th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be,.An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the 16th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to, the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Thanks oF this JHouse be given to the Reverend Doctor Ashton, for the Sermon by him preached upon Friday Uft, before this House, at Saint Margaret's Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that SiFRobcrt Ladbroke and Mr. Kynaston do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 33d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Nezvport, in the County of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Broomivich and Slone Bridge, in the Pari 111 of Hampton on Aarden, in the County of Warwick, and from Castle Broomwich to Birmingham, in the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending in this House for, discontinuing the Use of a Road leading from a Farm House,. in the Parish of Great Packington, in the Occupation of Richard Hardings to a Stream of Water which divides the Parishes of Great Packington and Lillie Packington, and for preventing the Petitioners from erecting a Gate or Turnpike between Stone Bridge and tho Place where the Road turns off to Colejhill, in the County of Warwick; and that the Petitioners being, prevented from erecting a Turnpike between Stone Bridge and the Place where the Road turns off to Colejhill. will not any-ways obllruft the carrying the said Act into Execution; and that the Petitioners conceive,that the intended new Road is laid out in a Manner most' convenient and advantageous to the Public in general; and representing to the House, that the Petitioners think it reasonable (if the said Road shall be approved of as the* Road from Stone Bridge to Colejhill as well as Castle Broom-zoichf that the Earl #f Aylesjbrd should, at his own Ex

-'W- pepcc

Googh

Theit'.dj

Nat.

Glouceflrr, &c. R.o*d«.

Dr. Alhtoa thanked.

Packings

Road.

i Geo. III.

2° Februarii.

1051

pence, fence out and level the Ground, and lay the same Dunchurch to Mere deni I ill, and from thence to Stone into the Form of a Road, and also erect ail Arch of Bridge, shall be liable or obliged to pay any other or fur-Brick or Stone over a small Stream of Water running the r Sum or Sums of Money than the annual Sum of across the said intended Road, if the same shall be found Ten Pounds, for or towards the repairing or widening necessary; and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, such Part of the said Road, between Mereden ///// add that the said new Road shall be declared to be Part of Stone Bridge^ as lies in the Parishesof Great Padkingion, the Road comprised in the Act under which the Peti- Little Packington, and Mereden, or that the; Petitioners tioners aft, and that they may be discharged from the may have such other Relief in the Premife$ a§ to the Obligation of repairing and widening the old Road from HouseRiall seem meet.: t

the Points or Places where the new Road will leave the And the said Petitions were fev£i4ally ordered to be old Road to the Points or Places where it shall fall into referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to

it again: And therefore praying, That the House will whom the Bill for discontinuing the Use of a Road

give the Petitioners such Relief in the Preraifes as to leading from a Farm House, in the Parish of Great

the House shall seem meet. Packington, in the Occupation of Richard Harding,

ickmgton A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to ' to a Stream of Water which divides the Parishes of put in Execution an Act, made in the 26th Year of his Great Packington and Little Packington; and for

late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Dun- preventing the Trustees appointed to put in Execu-

church to the Bottom of Mereden Hill, and from thence tion an Act, passed in the 33d Year of his late M&*

to Stone Bridge, in the County of Warzvick, was also jesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Slone

presented to the House, and read; likewise taking No- Bridge to Castle Broomwich, from erecting a Gate

tice of the said Bill; anti alleging, That the Road, which. or Turnpike between Stone Bridge and the Ptace

by the said Bill is intended to be ltopped up, is Part of where the Road turns off to Colejhill, in the County

the ancient, great, and direct. Poll Road front London of IVanoicki is committed,

to Che/ler; and that the said Road leading from the

Bottom of Mereden Hill to Stone Bridge was, upon the . Mr. Bond presented to the House, accordingtoOrdei*, Lulworth

Petition of tliePersons who now apply for the said Bill, a Bill for confirming and establishing Articles of Agree- Inclosure. added by the aforesaid Act, of the 26th Year of his late mentfor dividing and inclosing several Commons, cprtl- Majesty, to the former Turnpike Road from Dunchurch mon Heaths, and wade Grounds, in the adjoining* Mato the Bottom of Mereden Hill; and reciting, lhatPpo- nors of Eafi Lulworth and Coiiibe Keynes, in the Conn* vilion is made by the said last mentioned Act, that the ty of Dorset: And the same was received; and read the Trustees thereto shall not be liable to pay any other or First time.

further annual Sum than the Sum of Ten Pounds therein JRe/bfaed, That the Bill be read a Second time,

directed to be paid towards the Repair of the said Road

between Mereden Hill and Stone Bridge; and represent- The House being informed. That Mr. IVilford, from Account of ing to the House, that the flopping up the find Road, the Exchequer, attended at-the Door 5 ?>UkIC

as intended by the said Bill, will, in the Opinion of the He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the c

Petitioners, occasion a great Increase of Passengers upon Housey pursuant to their Order,

the said Road, from Mereden Hill to Stene Bridge, An Account of all the Public Debts, at the Receipt

whereby the Petitioners apprehend they may be greatly of his Majesty’s* Exchequer, f land ing out at the 5th Day prejudiced in their Trust, unless the said Provision, of January'. 1761^ being Old Cht'iftntas Defy, with the settling and limiting the Expence to be borne by the annual Interest of other Charges payable for the fame.

Petitioners, and their Successors, towards! the Repair of And then he withdrew* >. , J,‘ 1

the said Road to the Sum of Ten Pounds, as aforesaid. And the Tide of the said Account was read " ’ 1 be included in the find Bill: And therefore praying, The said Account is as fdi&wMftr; vrz, 1

That Provision may be made in the said Bill, that

neither the Trustees to the present nor any future Act;

or Act* of Parliament, for repairing the saidRoadfrom* 1

a J

VOL.

1*

1052

20 Febriiarii.

A. 1761*

Td the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament afletebied.

An A C C O U NT of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, (landing out at thfe 5th iWof January 1761, being Old Christmas Day, with the anndal interest* or other Charges, payable for the fame.

EXCHEQUER:

Aunuities for long Terms, beirigtbO Remainder of the Original Slim contributed and uufublcribed to the South Sea Company Ditto for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, being the original Suni contributed - - , - - 4 -

Ditto for Two and Three Lives, being the Sitm remaining after what is fallen in by Deaths - - .

Exchequer Bills made out for Interest of old Bills -

Note, The Laud Taxes and Duties on Malt* being hnnual Grants; are not charged in this Account, nor the £. 1,000,000 charged on the Deductions of 6d. per Lib. on Pensions, SCc. nor the jf. 1,oooo,oco charged on the Supply Anno 1761, nor the £. 1,500,000 towards paying off the Navy Debt, fife. A° 1760. EAST INDIA COMPANY.

By Two Acts of Parliament, 9* Willi. %lii Regis, and Two other Acts,

6" SC 9* Anna Regina, at£. 3.per Cent, per Ann.

Annuities at £. 3. per, Cent, per Annum, A* 1744, charged on the Surplus of the additional Duties on low Wines, Spirits, andtlrong W aters BANK OF ENGLAND.

On their original Fund at £. 3. per Cent. per Ann. from the ift August

1743 ..... " "

For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 3* Georgii Primi Regis Purchased of the South Sea Company -

Annuities at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 1714 -

Ditto — at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Coals, since Lady-day 1719 - -

Ditto — at£. 3 per Cent, per Ann. A0 1746, charged on the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors since Lady-day 1746 Ditto — at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund by the Acts 25°, 2S0, 29* 32% SC 33* Georgii idi Regis - Ditto — at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Offices, and Pensions, SCc. by the Adfc 31° Georgii idi Regis -

Ditto — at£. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the additional Subsidy on Poundage, &*c. by the Act 320 Georgii idi Regis - Ditto — at£. 3 per Cent, per Arm. additional Capital of £. 5 per Cent, on the above £. 6,600,000, charged on the said Fund by the said Act - Ditto — at £. 3 /><?r Cent. per. Ann. additional Capital of£. 10 per Cent, in Lottery Tickets, on D°, charged on the said Fund by the said Act Ditto — at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. Vcharged on the Sinking Fund by the Act 250 Georgii idi Regis -

Ditto — at £34 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the said Fund by the Ad 290 Georgii idi Jflegis -

Ditto — at £. 3§ per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, kc. by the Ad 310 Georgii 2di Regis Ditto — at £. 4 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the additional Duty on Malt, SCc. by the Ad 33*

Georgii idi Regis - Ditto — at£«4. per Cent, per Ann. additional Capital of £-3 Ptr Cent, in Lottery Tickets, on £.8,000,000 charged on the said Fund by the said Act -

Memorandum: The Subscribers of£. 100 to the Lottery 1745, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 9s. a Ticket, which amounted to £. 22,500; but is now reduced by Lives fallen in to £. 19,089. 15 { and the Subscribers of £.100 to the Lottery 1746, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of i8.r. a Ticket, which amounted to £.45,000; but is now reduced by Lives fallen in to £.38,638. And also the Subscribers of £.100 for 3 per Cent. Annuities, A9 1757, were allowed an Annuity for One Life, of £. 1. 2 6. which amounted to £. 33,750; but is now reduced by Lives fallen in to£.33,082. 15. which Annuities are an Increase of the National Debt; but cannot be added thereto, as no Money was advanced for the same SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

On their capital Stock and Annuities, 90 Georgii Primi Regis -Annuities at £. 3. per Cent, per Ann. A0 1751, charged on the Sinking Fund -- - , -

1,836,275 17 10J 108,100 -

77,005

2;2Q0

14 IO;

3,200,000 -

1,000,000 -- —

3.200.000 — — 500,000 — —

4,000,000 —

1.250.000 -

1.750.000 —

986,800

- «3.537>'8ai 5

500,000, — —

6,600,000 — —

330,000-----

660,000 ——

8,000,000-----

240,000 — —

21,627,821 5 i

I7*7OI»323 16 4

1,500,000 — —

4,500,000 —

Annual Interest, or other Charges payable , for the fame.

13M53 12 8

7-567-----

9’335 12 —

97*285 t4 4

3°>4°i 15 8

100,000 ——

15,000-----

121,898 3 51

3:7,500-----

52,500 — —

29,604-----

660,838 5 8

540,996 14

53»343 >5

160,031 5

8,240,000 — — 329»6oo —

25»°25>3°9 *3

2,100,000 — —

90,810 10 —

765,326 3 it 64,181 5 —

Memorandum:The Accounts of the Exchequer continning to be made up to the old £ 9^.604,836 8 2^1 3 .6* 7 3 15

Quarter l)\v% is the Lieuibit that this Accountis made up to the 5th of January 1761 a^II^Bl1ll^ '

(Old C/triJlmas Day), and not to Christmut last, as directed by the Order of this honourable House.

Exchequer, the 2nd Day of February 1761.

Edward

Ordered,

Hanbtiry’s

JEftate.

Burton

Piolea

Indolure.

Ryton

Iaclosure.

{Stone, & c. Road.

I Geo. III. ab Febrtfarii. 1055

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

Mr. Jarrit. Smith reported from the Corpmittee, Id whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Cape I II anbury Esquire, and George Hanbury Esquire, for themselves and their respective Jfl’ue Male, to make an Exchange of their sett led Estates, fiu the County of Monmouth; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Thomas Hanbury, who, the Committee was informed, is beyond the Seas, and who cannot be any ways prejudiced by the said Bill, there being several Remainder Men before him; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing certain open and comraou Fields in Burton Pidfea, in HoldcrneJffe, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Prowse, Sir CharlesMordaunt, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Fellowes, Mrk Cartzvright, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Earle, Mr. Butler, Mr. Walter, Mr. Butler, Mr. Charlton, Air, Sargent, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Gore, Air. 4 my and, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Sir John Philipps, Mr. More, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Bond» Lord Parker, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Ward, Mr. Trijt, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Medlucott, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Smith, Sir Matthew Dambe, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pole, Mr. Lowndes, Air. %Hollywood, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Moore, Mr. Fazakerlcy, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Norlhey, Mr. Popham, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Sehvyn, Mr. Rofc Fuller, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Wefimorelaiid, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Failures, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Pari/li of By ton, other wise Buy ton upon Dunfmore, in the County of Warwick, was read aSecond time.

Resolved, T\\&t the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mor da,uni, Mr. Cartier ight. Sir John Cujl, Mr. Felloices, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Popham, Mr ..Gore, Mr. Berkeley/, Sir George Savile, Mr. Smith, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cooke, Mr. BurrelfMv. Waiteri Mr. Trifi, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Selwyn, Sir George Yonge, Mr. More, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Toyp\/hend, Mr*. Dawkins, Mr. Bridgman, S\v William Maynard, Mr. Prowse, Lord Parker, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Ruder, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Culthorpe, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Keck, Mr. Ward,'Mr: Bond, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Fane, Mr. IIuJJ'ey, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Nor they, M r. Jarrit Smith, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Boj'e Fuller, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham; and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of . Warwick, Stafford, Wor cester, Salop, Derby, Northampton, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Stone to Wordejley Green Gate, and from the Alarket Cross in Wolverhampton, to join the Road leading from Sharejhill to Ffjington Wood, in the County of

Vol. 28.

Stafford, and from the West End of Bil/lon Street, in Wolverhampton aforesaid, to the High Street in Dudley $ in the County of Worcester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Ward,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Philipps, Air; Popham;

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Prowse, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Barrow. Lord Parker, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Webb, Mr. More,

Sir John Gordon, M r. Burrell, Mr. Gqfkry, Air Berkeley,

Air. Whitivori.il, Mr. Sandys. Sir Edmund I/ham, Air.

Trifi, Mr. Grove, Mr. Felloices, Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

Kwiafton, Sir George Savile, Mr. Medlycott, Doctor Hay,

Af?. AI d e rm a nDickinfbn, AT r. Gore, AIr.Pe/e, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Rose Fuller, S'wThomas Palmer, Mr Fane,

Air. Lowndes, Mr. Montagu, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Townshend, Lord Macduff Air. Bull, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Ah\en\mi\Beckford, Mr. Chelwynd, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Selwyn,

Mr. Wefifaling, Mr. Buller, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bayntun,

Doctor Simpson, Mr Symons, Sir Wm. Be a uchamp Proctor,

Air. Foley, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Walter

Ali\ Norlhey, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Walsingham, Sir John Cujl, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham, Sir Matthew Larnbe, Mr. Cooke, Sir ChavlesKemys Tynte, Mr. Wynne, and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, Warwick, Salop, Derby, Hereford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for rendering more effectual several Acts passed Dartford* in the 1 oth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the &c. Road, nth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the nth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road from Dartford to Northflect and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to Chalk, anti from Northflect to Chalk, and from thence to the Stones End, near the Parish Church of Strood, in the County of Kent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to SiKfVyndham Knafc/tbull Wyndham, Mr. Fairfax, Air, Whitworth, Mr.

Montagu, Sir George Savile, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Lloyd, Mr*

Burrell, Mr. Cocks, Mr. More, Air.Crefwell, Mr. Prowse,

Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Webb, Mr. Fuller,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Townshend, Ml*. George Onslow,

Air. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Fazakerley, Lord Parker, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Trifi, Sir Williani Maynard, Mr. Bond, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Air.

Smith, Mr. Gcdolphin, All*. Bull, Sir Robert I.adbroke,

Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Bridgman, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Finch, Mr. Grove, Mr.

Berkeley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Moore, Mr. Buller, Mr. Rose Fuller, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor; and all the Members who serve for the Comities of Kent, Suffer, Surrey,

Middlesex, and EJex; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and com- Warding4*# moil Fields, common Meadows, common Grounds, and Iudofure* }vast<e Ground, within Wardi.ngton, Williamfcott' other-lYtife WiUjiott, a wkGaton other wise Coles, in the County of Oxford, was read aSecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Parker,

Sir Edward Turner TS\\* Charles Mor daunt. Air. More,

Sir George Savile, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Cujl, Air.

Fidler. Lord Carysfort, Mr. Burrell, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Webb, Mr. Sarnlys, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Popham, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gore, Air.

Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Chelwynd, Mr. Thursby, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Air Rose Fuller, Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

Norlhey, Lord Middleton, Mr. Prowse, Sir William Mary nard, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Probyn, Sir Wm.

Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Alontagu, Sir John Hinde Cotton,

Air. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Jarrit Smith,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Buller, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Trifi, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Barrow, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Daxokins, Mr. Chelwynd, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull 12 M Wyndham;

1054 Februarii. A. 1761*

Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Warwick, Bucks, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wappenham A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields,

I uclosure. common Pali u res, co mmo n M ead o w s, comm on G rou n d s,

walleGrounds, and commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Wappenluim, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of the Hamlet of Ashccll and Faulcut, in the said Parish, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cartwright, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Lord Parker, Mr Kynaston, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Felbwes, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bond, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Tr 'iJl, Sir George Savile, Mr. Moore, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Sir John Cust, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hanger, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Smith, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Gere, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Wilkin fan, Mr. Burrell, Lord Middleton, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Walter, Mr. AIder-manDickinson, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Webb, Mr. Rose Fuller, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Tucker, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Popham, Sir Thomas Stapleton, Mr. Bull, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Grove; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Oxford, Warwick, Leicester, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sherard’s Sir Thomas Palmer reported from the Committee, to Estates. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rendering effectual an Agreement, for making a Partition of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Leicester, late the Estates of James Sherard, Doctor of Phylic, and Robert Freeman Gentleman, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Hampden’s Mr. Chetwynd reported from the Committee, to whom Nat. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Constaniia llampden. Wife of Robert Hampden Esquire, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A'fordby Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, to whom

inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Asfordby, in the County of Leicester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Reverend M f.Wragg, John Ayre, Mary IVakle.in, and her Sons, who are possessed of Three Yard Lands in the said Fields; and also the Proprietors of Two Cottages; who had all been applied to, but refused to sign the Bill; and that the wholeQuantity of Lands in the said Fields, consists of upwards of Fifty-two Yard Lands, and the whole Number of Cottages in the said Parish amounts to Twenty-one; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once

read throughout) and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Thornton’* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An £ftalc8. Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of William Thornton Esquire, in the County of York, in him in Fee Simple, discharged of the Lfesof his Marriage Settle* ment, and for settling other Lands of greater Value to the same Uses, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment, and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to Mm-etoa whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, common Meadows, common Paftnres, lncolure* common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Pari 111, Township, and Liberties of Moreton Pinkney, in the County of Northampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill: and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Fifty-four Pounds per Annum, in the Old Inclosures, in the said Parish, and who have no Property in the common Field, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment?, be ingrossed.

Sir John Philipps, according to Order, reported from Office! and the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Employ-indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, and others, who have omitted to register, or to deliver in, their Qualifications within the time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; was committed j the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments -were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Wrft ffjddoi Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the com- IllclolU!f* mon and open Fields, and common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, Heath, and walie Ground, in the Manor and Parish of West Haddon, in the County of Northampton;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The House according to Order, resolved itself into a 'Keith’* for Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling fetedE ;at« his Majesty to grant to George Keith, late Earl Mareschal,

his

Trade of

the Sugar Colonies.

Bindley % Ac. Verdi&rea(e Manufacture.

Supply.

Ways and Mean?.

Pailton

Inclosure.

Stone, &c. Road.

i Geo. III. 2b — $' ' Febr 1055

his Executors, Administrators, and Afligrts, all futh principal Money and Interest as now remain due to the Public, for or upon Account of the Price or Purchase Money contra6led to be paid, for certain Parts of his Estates, after Payment and Satisfaction of all lawful Debts and Claims which afifeded the same at the Time of his Attainder, and for enabling him and them to sue for, recover, or compel Payment thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Berkeley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.Berkeley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Bindley junior, and John Maud, Merchants, was referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 30 die Februarii;

Anno i* Georgii III. Regis, 1761. Prayers.

SI R Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields in the Hamlet of Pailton, in the Parish of Monks Kirby, in the County of Warzvick, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. War'd reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, and other Places in the Counties of War-zvick and Stafford, and also the Petition of several Per-Voi. 28.

ibns of the Coiihty of Stafford, whose Karnes are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition,

Mr. John 7\irton, being examined, said That the Road leading from Burnt Tree, near Dudley, through Oldbury, and Smethwick, to the Town of Birmingham, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious; and that the said Road cannot he repaired and widened by the present Method prescribed by Law.

To prove the (Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Francis Stuart, being examined, said, That th

Road leading from Sharefiill to Effington Wood, over*

Chefyn Hay, across a Road called Streetway to Can* nock, in the County of Stafford, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Stone to Wordejley Green Gale, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton, to join the Road leading from Sharefiill to Effington Wood, in the County of Stafford, and from the West End of Bilston Street, in Wolverhampton aforesaid, to the High Street, in Dudley, in the County of Worcester, is committed.

That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending and widening the Road leading from a Place, called Burnt Tree, near Dudley aforesaid, through the Hamlets of Oldbury and Smethwick, to the Town Birmingham, in the County of Warzvick, and also the Road which leads from the Road between Sharefiill and Effington Wood aforesaid, over Chejlyn Hay, to Cannock, in the said County of Stafford.

Mr. Cartivright reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common j^klurt Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, grange Lands, and waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Eydon, in the County of Northampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Afliburf0r>f from Traveller's Rest, in the Parish of Ashburton, to &g. Roath Newton Bushel, and from thence to Diptford Bridge, in the Parish of Bovey Tracey, in the County of Devon, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 10. To leave out " Forges," and insert,

" Forchers, otherwise Forgersinstead thereof:

L. 12 To leave out " Batchfordand insert,

" Batisfordf instead thereof; and to leave out the 2d " Batchfordand insert, " Batisfordinstead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved,

1056

38 Februarii. A. 17 61.

Rafcb’s Nat

Turner’s,&c. Nat.

Barratry’s

Nat.

Leeds and

Sheffield

Road.

Thornton’s

Estate,

Hampden’s

Nat.

Fiftierton Bridge Road.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tra-teller's Rc/t, in the Pari Hi of Ashburton, to Nezvlon Bujlid, and from thence to Forclies, otherwise Forgers Cross, in the Parish of Highzceek, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Lieutenant General Conway do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr, Bonner:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Rafch and John Roger Siebel, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jan Turnery and August Gotlieb Piefchel: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Simon Baratty: I'o which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Lionel Pilkington repored from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout: And several of the said Amendments were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Residue of the said Amendments were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for extending to this Act the Provisions contained in the former Act, relating to Penalties.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of William Thornton Esquire, in the County of York, in him, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordercdy That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Constantia Hampden, Wife of Robert Hampden Esquire, was read the third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Calthorpe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisher ton Bridge ,to the Turn pike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and from 16

Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Hcyte/bury, in t he County of Wilts, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, dwelling in and near the City of Salifiury, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Tame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Conti* deration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Mr. John Walter reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlightening the Streets within the City of Exeter, and Suburbs thereof, was committed, That the Commitlee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the IToufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consider-ation, after the House shall have considered the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bril for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Hcylesbury, in the County of Wilts, was committed.

Mr. Berkeley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling his Majesty to grrint to George Keith, late Earl Mareschal, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all such principal Money and Interest as now remain due to the Public, for or upon Account of the Price or Purchase Money contrafted to be paid for certain Parts of his Estates, after Payment-and Satisfaction of all lawful Debts and Claims which affected the same at the Time of his Attainder, and for enabling him and themtofue for, recover, or compel Payment thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to;, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

'The House was moved, That the Petition of George Keith, late Earl Mareschal, which was presented to the House upon Thursday the 18th Day of December last, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly;

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Exeter

Stteeu.

Keith’*

fot feited Eltatex

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Pcare( upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 18th Year ficaUon of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifih Year of his present Majesty *s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, so far as the said Act obliges Persons, who have already taken and subscribed the Qualification Oath required by the said last mentioned Acts to be taken and subscribed, to take and subscribe the same again, at the General or Quarter Session of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, for which they do intend to act as Justices of the Peace, before they can so aft;

Ordered,

I Geo. III. 30 — -46 Febru 1037

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to impower and require! the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties, Cities and Counties, Towns and Counties, Ridings and Divisions, in England and Wales, to administer the Oaths usually taken by a Justice of the Peace, without any Fee or Reward whatsoever, to all such Persons who shall be named in any new Commission of the Peace that shall issue, and who have already, or shall hereafter, take the said Oaths, by virtue of a Dedimus, under any prior Commission.

Then the House refqlved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Fiflierton The Order made this Day, for taking into Considera-BndgcRoad. tion t|le Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fi/herton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbury, hi the County of Wills, was committed, after the I louse should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

' And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Exeter The Order made this Day, for taking into Consider-

Streets. ation the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlightening the Streets within the City of Exeter, and Suburbs thereof, was committed, after the House should have considered the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fishevton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbury, in the County of Wilts, was committed, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlightening the Streets within the City of Exeter, and Suburbs thereof, was committed, into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. c

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii) 40 die Februarii;

Anno i* Georgii III. Regis, 1761. Prayers.

Theaud’s Ti /TR. Buller reported from the Committee, to whom Nat. iVl the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Theaud, was committed, Vol. 28.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Bayntun reported from the Committee, to whom Langton the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Heng Commons, and waste Grounds, lying in the Parish, and Inc*ofllrc< within the Precincts of the Manor, of Langton Herring., in the County of Dorset, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bil/, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con- ? . cerned had given their Gonfentto the Bill, to the SafcifV faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him.to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon, the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitulqd, An Act Hanbur/i to enable Capel Hanbwy Esquire, and George Danbury Estate* Esquire, for themselves and their respective Issue Male* to make an Exchange of their settled Estates, in the County , of Monmouth; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the several Proprietors of Lands and He- Burton Pidfea reditaments lying in the open Fields, Pastures, and Carrs, Inclosure. called the North Field, the South Field, the Greens, the Jug Carr, and the Deep Carr, in Burton Pidfea, in IIolder ne/je, in the County of York, whose Names are Subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging,

That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Carrs, and Lands, in pursuance of Articles of Agreement entered into for that Purpose; and that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would be attended with great Loss and Inconvenience to the Landholders at Burton Pidfea in general, and to the Petitioners in particular; and that a very considerable Part of the Lands intended to be divided, is Copyhc^ld, in Bondage, subject to high Fines, and Part to a Loras Rent of Twenty Pence an Acre, and other Part of Eight Pence an Acre, and is in general of so bad a Quality, as to be capable of very little if any Improvement, by Inclosure, and absolutely unable to bear the Expence of it; and that no public or general Notice was given to the said Proprietors of the intended Inclosure, nor any Meeting called to consider of the Utility of such a Scheme, nor, if it should be judged expedient, of the proper Means to carry it into Effect: but that the whole Proceeding has been planned and conducted in a private Manner, by One or Two of the Proprietors only, who have taken upon themselves, / without any Authority from the rest, to agree with the Impropriator of the Tythes, for a high and unreasonable Composition or Tythe Rent, and to prepare, and settle the Articles, which have not been executed by the Owners of more thaih One Half of the Lands proposed to be inclosed, many of whom reside at a Distance from Burton Pidfea, and are unacquainted with the Nature and Condition of the said Lands: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing certain 12 N open

v-.

Baratty’s

Nat.

Anfty

Inclosure.

Extracts of Letters from Capt. Bau°h.

Justices of Peace Qualification.

Croydon

Church.

1058 40 Februarii. 1761.

open and common Fields in Burton Pidfea, in Holder-nefe, in the County of York, is committed: And that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Simon Baratty, was read the First time.

Refobved', That the Bill be read a Second time.

1

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields of Anjly, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Billie committed to Sir Thomas Paimer, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr Ward, Mr. Smithy Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. More, Sir John Cust, Mr. FeHours, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Butler, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Foley, Mr. Olmius, Mr. JfarriV Smith, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Jfo/w Philipps, Mr. Buller, Sir George Savile, Mr. Fuller; Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Budgen, Sir Jo/*>2 Gibbons, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Crefxvell, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Probyn,. Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Townshend, *Sir Robert Long, Mr. Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Horiy-zcood, Sir Charies Kemys Tynte, Mr. TV//?, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Jo/m Wynne, Mr. Selzoyn, Mr. Cfajter; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, Derby, Warwick, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker s Chamber.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Order. \

N° i. Extract of a Letter from Captain John Baugh, one of his Majesty’s Engineers in Ordinary, dated Cape Coast Castle, 6 February 1760; and received by the Board of Ordnance 25th September 1760: And also,

N° 2. Extract of a Letter from Captain Baugh, to the Board of Ordnance, dated Cape Coast Castle, 14 March 1760; received the 18th August 1760.

And the Titles of the said Extracts were read.

Ordered, That the said Extracts do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Extracts are preserved ainongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according toOrder, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, so far as the said Act obliges Persons, who have already taken and subscribed the Qualification Oath, required by the said lait-mentioned Acts to be taken and subscribed, to take and subscribe the same again, at the General or Quarter Session of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, for which they do intend to act as Justices of the Peace, before they can so aft, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for repairing the Parish Church of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George

24

Onslow, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Nor they. Lord North, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Ryder, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Budgcn, Mr. Lowndes, Mr Palmer, Sir William Maynard, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bridgman,- Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bull, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir George Savile, Mr. Montague, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Townshend, S\rWm. Beauchamp Prodlor, Mr. Smith, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lane, Mr. Fonereau, Sir John Gibbons, Mr Jarrit Smith, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Nesbitt, Mr. Gafiry, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Buller, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Hollywood, Mr. Butler, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Rose Fuller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Su/fex; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rendering effectual an Agreement for making a Partition of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Leicester, late the Estates of James Sherard Do6tor of Phylic, and Robert Freeman, Gentleman, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorn Gumbald, to Pattrington Creek or Haven; and from the Guide Post in Winejlead to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Brantoiis Farm, in the County of York; and for scouring and cleansing the said Creek or Haven; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorn Gumbald to Pattrington Creek or Haven; and from the Guide Post in Winejlead to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton's Farm, in the County of York, and for scouring and cleansing the said Creek or Haven.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Hildyard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, and others, who have omitted to register, or to deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for givingfurther Time for those Purposes; was read the Third time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, and others, who have omitted to register, or to deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment

thereunto

Goog l<

Sherard

Estates.

Thorn Gumbald. &c. Road.

Office^ and Employments.

Trade of the Sugar Colonies,

I Geo. III. 40 — 50 Februarii. 1059

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bindley*s,&«. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Verdigrease resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Manu a ure. conf1(jer of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of JohnBindley junior, and John Maud, Merchants was referred;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Wayt The House resolved itself into a Committee of the and Means. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had dieted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he wasdire6i;ed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for

raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Bindley*s,&c. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

Verdigrenfe whole House, to consider of the Report which was made aim assure. from tj}e committee, to whom the Petition of John Bindley junior, and John Maud, Merchants, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Oswald took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis,50 die Februarii;

Anno ic Georgii IIIul Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Doghouse The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bar from for making, widening, and repairing, a Road from the Ifliugton North East Side of the Gqfzvell Street Road, next Road. Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and near to the Road called the NewRoad, over the Fields and Grounds to Old Street Road, opposite to the Doghouse Bar, and at and from the Doghouse Bar, to the End of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground, without any Amendment: And also,

Hinton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common or waste Ground, and other commonable Places, in the Parish of Hinton, otherwise Hinton Walrish, in the County of Berks, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 28.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An At$i Theaud’* for naturalizing Nicholas Theaud, was read the Third Kat. time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ap ingrossed Bill for enlightening the Streets within Exeter the City of Exeter, and Suburbs thereof, was read the Streets* Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Actfor enlightening the Streets within the City, of Exeter, and Suburbs thereof.

Ordered, That NLr.John Waller docarry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more effectual Leeds and an Act, passed in the 3 ift Year of the Reign of his late S^la Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for oa repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County <of York, was read the Third time.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 3*ft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing, the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir Lionel Pilkington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keep- Fisherton ing in Repair, the Road leading from Fisher ton Bridge Bridge Road, to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbury, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbury; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of Urshfont to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fisherton Street, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Calthorpe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A11 ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Asfordby and common Fields of Asfordby, in the County of Inclosure. Leicester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Asfordby, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, lliat Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Trade of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Co1®* continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the mCi‘

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in- / tituled. An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty?s Sugar Colonies in America, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read; Ways

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee of the and Mean*.

whole

1060 50 — 6° Februarii. A. 1761,

whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in iiis Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are a9 followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising aSum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum, for defraying the Charges of his Majesty’s Mints and Coinage of Gold and Silver Monies, and other incident Charges of the Mints, the Duties of Ten Shillings per Ton upon all Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, and Beer, imported intoGreat Bidtain, which by an Act of Parliament, made in the 27th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, were continued for Seven Years, from the First day of March 1754, and until the End of the First Session of Parliament then next ensuing, be further continued for Seven Years, from the First Day of March 1761, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament then next epfuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, which were granted by an Act, passed in the 18th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging of Coinage, and are now in Force, relating to the Mints and Coinage of Gold and Silver Monies, be further continued for Seven Years, from the First Day of March 1761, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament then next ensuing.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. William Chetxvynd, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. James Grenville, the Lord North, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. West, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Pailton An ingr°ffed Bill for the dividing and inclosing the

1 nclosure. °Pen and common Fields, in the Hamlet of Pailton, in the Parish of Monks Kirby, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, in the Hamlet of Pailton, in the Parish of Monks Kirby, in the County of Warzvick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

I.anoton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the com-Herring mon Fields, Commons, and waste Grounds, lying in the Inclosure. Parish, and within the Precincts of the Manor of Lang-ton Herring, in County of Dorset, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Commons, and waste Grounds, lying in the Parish, and within the Precincts of the Manor, of Lang-ton Herring, in the County of DorfeL

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Packingtoa Mr. Erowfe reported from the Committee, to whom Roads. the Bill for discontinuing the Use of a Road leading from ' a Farm House, in the Parish of Great Packington, in the

Occupation of Richard Harding, to a Stream of Water which divides the Parishes of Great Packington and Little Packington; and for preventing the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 33d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Stone Bridge to Castle Broomwich, from erecting a Gate or Turnpike between Stone Bridge, and the Place where the Road turns off to Colcshill, in the County of Warwick,

was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of

the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, pasted in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Broomwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton on Arden, in the County of Warxvick, and from Castle Broomwich to Birmingham, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in th6 Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to the Bottom of Mereden Hill, and from therfce to Stone Bridge, in the 'County of Warwick; were severally referred; That the Commitee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, vvjth the Amendments, iij.at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were QnW -»';ead throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing an Appeal from the Acts of Two Justices of the Peace.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to thd performing Statute-work in the Parish of ColeshiU.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 6° die Februarii;

Anno i° Georgii III1'* Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Stephens, BurtonPidfa Mr. John Pitt, Mr. William Gerard Hamilton, be Inclosure. added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing certain open Fields, in BurtonPid-Jea, in Holdernesse, in the County of York, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Moretoi and common Fields, common Meadows, common Paf- Pinkurv tures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, lnc,ofuiC‘ within the Parish, Township, and Liberties of Moreton Pinkney, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That, the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Parish, Township, and Liberties, of Moreton Pinkney, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the com- Eydon mon Fields, common Pastures, common Meadoyvs, com- Inclosure mon Grounds, grange Lands, and waste Grpuqds, of

and

i Geo. III. 6° Februariuto6i

and in the Manor and Parish of Eydon, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, grange Lands, and waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Eydon, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Carhvright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the 18th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, concerning the (Qualification of Justices of the Peace; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

*frade of the An irtgrofled Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sugar Co- Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better fecoring and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty s Sugar Colonies in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

lufticcs of An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act,passed in the 18th

Peace Qjjaii* Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to fication. amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, so far as the said Act obliges Persons, who have already taken and subscribed the Qualification Oath, required by the said Jaft-mentioned Acts to be taken and subscribed, to take and subscribe the same again, at the General or Quarter Session of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, for which they do intend to act as Justices of the Peace, before they can so aft, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed, to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 8. After <c County," to insert " City and County, Town and County:"

L. 29. After " County," to insert c< City and " County, Town and County."

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " The Establishments of the fe- Militia " veral Regiments, Battalions, and Companies, of the Establ,£1Militia of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, mcDt’ c'

K within that Part of Great Britain called England,

" that are now embodied."

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the embodied Militia of Militia the several Counties in South Britain, and of the fen- Estimate. cible Men of Argyleshire, and Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain, from 15 December 1760, to 24th December 1761, both inclusive, being 365 Days; and also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between Estimate of the Pay of Major General Anjlruther’s Regiment of 9e?' Foot, on the British Establishment, and the Sum paid

by Ireland for the said Regiment, from 25th December &c.

1760, to 24th December 1761, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days; and of several Augmentations to his Majesty’s Forces since the Estimates for the Year 1761 were presented to Parliament, from the respective Times within mentioned, to the 24th December 1761.

And the Titles of the said Paper and Estimates were read.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Sieflion; and the said Estimates are as followeth, viz.

Vol. 28.

ia O ESTIMATE

1062

6° Februarii.

A. 17 5i.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the embodied \Jilitia of the several Counties in Sntlh Britain and of the fencible Men of Argyle/hire, and Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders, in North Britain; from 25th December 1760, to 24 th December 1761, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Wilfshire Regiment, from 25th December 1760, to 24th December 1761, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days -

B§rfetshire, for the same time -

Devonshire, for the same time - - . «-/:

M elt Kent, for the same time - - ! - -

Norfolk, for the same time

Somerjctshire, for the same time -

York North Riding, for the same time ..

Surrey, for the same time -

Warmckshire, for the same time -

Berkshire, for the same time -

Ghuatjtershire South Battalion, for the same time - T -

York West Riding, for the same time - «.

Jler/for ((/hire, for the same time - t *. r - -

Suffolk, for the same time - -

vHuntingdonshirey for the same time - - -m - r

IAncolnshire for the same time -

Effei, for the same time - - - , - . r -

Chshire, for the same time - .;

Carmarthen, for the same time -

Flint/hire, for the same time - ' *<' *- *

Pembroke//:ire, for the same time - - . «t

Hamp/hire, for the same time :t -

Rutland, for the same time - - - ‘ . V -

WeJbnorcUimL for the same time. -

York Eali fading, for the same time * 1

Northumberland, for the same time -Brecknock, for the same time - - .

j Durham, for the same time - i -: -

‘^Bedford/hi re, for the same time - -

Monmouth, for the same time -

Cornwall, for the same time - -

Buckingiiamshire, for the same time -Leicestershire, for the same time -

Denbigh/hire, for the same time -

Cumberland, for the same time Lanca/hire, for the same time -

Fencible Men of Argyllshire, for the same time - v

Lord Sutherland's Battalion, for the same time Glamorganshire, from 14th January 1761, to 24th December following, both Days inclusive, being 345 Days -

Already voted for this Service Remains to be provided

Battalions

N’wnbrrs.

I 896

I 765

4 1,844

1 7°4

2 1,108

2 958

2 854

z 896

1 723

1 638

1 . 57*

3 1,428

1 669

2 1,144

1 376

i 1,366

2 M3*

1 - 667

1 222

1 146

1 x97

2 1,056

1 M5

1 297

1 461

1 643

1 196

1 476

1 456

1 292

1 753

1 642

1 655

1 332

1 3*6

1 893

1 1,034

1 1,033

1 4l6

27,469

- -

£ - d.

12>793

11,540

30,684

10,691

5 —

18,399 — 10 14,867 13 4 15,114 — 10 I3«I *5 *3 4

10,864 16

9,754 >2 6

8,760-----

24*601-----

Jo,347 *5 —

18,94911

6,585 4

2®>999 *3 19,807 6

8

2

4

8

9*997 19 2

3,881 3 4

2,716 4 2

3,5io 1 8

16,48a 15 10

2,336 — —

5,085 13 4

7,105 6 9,684 13 4

3,*93 15 —

7,786. 13 4

7*93 10 10

4,434 15 — -

11,138 11 8

10,055 15

9»219 5 10

6,135 — 10

5,763 19 2

12,537 '5

18,243 18 4

18,679 13 4

6,569 7 6

439,027 9 2

14°,358 *9 4

298,668 9

War Office, 6th February 1761.

Barritiglon.

i Geo. Ill

6b Febrtt

Taphmife through 1 itl.enui Road.

Norhnm

Jmloli.nr.

1063

E S TI M A T E of the Charge of the Difference between the Pay of Major General Anjlmther's Regiment of Foot, on the British Establishment, and the Sum paid by Ireland for the said Regiment, from the 25th of December 1760, to the 24th of December 1761, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days; and of several Augmentations to his Majesty’s Forces, fmce the Estimates for the Year 1761 were presented to Parliament; from the respefriveTimes under-mentioned to the 24th of December 1761.

Numbers. £» s. d. -T TOTAL.

Difference between the Pay of Major General Anjlruthers Regi«g ment of Foot, on the British Establishment, and the Sum paid by Ireland, for the said Regiment, from the 25th December 1760, to the 24th December 1761, both Days inclusive, being 1

365 Days ----- Commandant Davers's Independent Company of Foot, from 8 th January 1761, to the 24th of December following, both Days inclusive, being 351 Days - - -Commandant George Browne's, for the same time Commandant Collins's, for the same time - - m 04 114 114 - 1.854 9 — >>854 9 — 1.854 9 — i.i5 — $

Commandant Wilkie's, for the same time -Commandant Pai'khill's, for the same time - - -Commandant Hooke's, for the same time Commandant Thomas Broune's, for the same time -Commandant Knox's Independent Company of Foot, from 19th January 1761, to 24th December following, both Days inclusive, being 340 Days - - -Commandant Lacei/s from 28th January 1761, to 24th December following, both Days inclusive, being 331 Days -Commandant Hunter's, from 29th January 1761, tp 24th December following, both Days inclusive, being 330 Days - Charge of Field and Staff Officers for forming a Battalion of Foot, under the Command of Lieut. Colonel Monson,* from 24th January 1761, to 24 th December following, both Days inclu- 114 114 114 114 114 114 114 1,140 j,854 9 — 1.854 9 — 1.854 9 — '.854 9 ~ 1,796 6 8 1,748 15 8 1,743 10 — *8*269 *5 4 j

irve, being 335 Days - -Charge of Field and Staff Officers for forming a Battallion of Foot, under the Command of Lieut. Colonel Stuart, for the same 750 19 2

time ----- Charge of Field and Staff Officers for forming a Battalion of Foot, under the Command of Lieut. Colonel Gray, for the same 865 8 4

time - -Charge of Field and Staff Officers for forming a Battalion of Foot, under the Cpmmand of Colonel Burton, from the 25th February 1761, to 24th December following, both Days inclusive, being 00 OO

303 Days - " - - 505

Total - - -War Office, 6th February 1761. 1,140 Barrington* 22,361 11 8

Ordered, That the said Paper and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the TIotife.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr. Harris:

M r. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Ealt End of West Taphouse Lane to the Borough of UJkeard and from thence to Coomb Bow House5 and a|so the Road from the said Borough of Li/keard to Craflhole and from thence to Crimble Pqffage and Tar point, and and from Cruf/hole aforesaid to Saint Germans Beacon, in the Counties of Curmvall and Devon; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Walter Block rtt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Grounds, called Norham Infields, and the Common or Waite, called Norham Moor, within the Township of Norham, in the County of Durham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Houses and Lands in the said Parish, of the yearly Value of £.74 12 s. Two of whom, whose Vox.. 28.

Interest is valued at £. 11 1 o s. a Year, were at Sea, and could not be applied to; and also the Proprietors of £. 14 12 s. per Annum (Part of the said£. 74 12s.) said, they had hq Objection to the Bill, but that the Lord of the Manor was to have too great an Allotment: That the yearly Value of all the Houses and Lands in the said Pari ill amounts to £. 521 3 s.; and that all the Parties had been applied to, except the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Durham, who are Proprietors of the great Tythes in the said Pariili (but the said Lessees of the Tythes have signed the Bill), and the Two Persons above mentioned; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was difagrecd to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling his Mnjefiy to grant to Keith'* George Keith, late Earl Mareschal, his Executors, Ad- forfeited ministrators, and Assigns, all such Principal Money, and Estate*. Interest, as now remain due to the Public, for or upon account of the Price or Purchase Money contracted to

be

m

oogl

Hcilingtcn

lndoiure.

Appleby 6c c, Road.

Falmouth -Road.

Supply.

1064 6* Febfuarit. 1761.

be paid forcertain Parts of! its Eftales, after payment and Satisfaction of all lawful Debts and Claims which af-Fe&ed the same at the Time of his Attainder; and for enabling him and them to sue for, recover, or compel. Payment thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant unto George Keith, jate Earl Mareschal, a Sum therein limited, out of the Principal Money, and Interest, now remaining due to the Public, on account of the Purchase Money of certain Parts of the forfeited Estates of the said late Earl.

Ordered, That Mr. Fovrester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming Articlesjof Agreement for inclosing common or waste Ground, within the Manor or Lordship of Hejlington, in the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Reverend Mr. Nelson, whose Property in the said Manor amounts to/. 20 a Year; who, upon Application made to him, said, if his Steward consented he would sign the Articles; but that no Application had been made to the said Steward; and also except Thomas Norcliffe, whose Property in the said Manor amounts to Three Pounds a Year, who refused to sign the Articles; but said, he would not oppose the Application to Parliament for confirming the fame; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made aujVmendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Sir^A/wro Low I her, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Appleby, in the County of West-mor eland, through the Town ship of Orton, to Kirkby Kendal, and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near Shapp, and from Highgale, near Tebay, in a Part of the Highway between Appleby, and Kirkby Kendall, through the Town of Kirby Steven, to the Town of Market Brough, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Peter Burrell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Comically through the Towns of Penryn, Heljion, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Wednesday, the 28th Day o\ January last, for referring the several Accounts and Estimates presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the iS

Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of expoled and deserted young Children, to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House the further Care of the said Charity.

Ordered, That what Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer has now acquainted the House with from his Majesty, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday the 21st Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday the 28th Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, "Anno 1759.

H The Account of the Committee of the Company of " Merchants trading to Africa; distinguishing every u Article of Expence under its proper Title/5 be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That N° 1. Extrad of a Letter from Captain John Baugh, One of his Majesty’s Engineers in Ordinary, dated Cape Coajl Castle,6 February 17 60, and received by the Board of Ordnance 25th September 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That N° 2. Extract of a Letter from Captain Baugh to the Board of Ordnance, dated Cape Coafi Castle, 14 March 1760, received the 18th August 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-reded him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Chariton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conGder further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways® ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Alfant House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order made this Day, for taking into Considera- fr\m tion the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill Roai for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Tow ns of Peniyn, Hdjton, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

VjrC

i Geo. III. 6° — cf Februarii,to6$

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-groffecL

Accounti The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the

Whale Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at Ftfbery. the £)oor

He was called in;*1 and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direction of an Act of Parl iament.

An Account of what Number of Ships in Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Strcighls and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what. Port they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported, from the ioth of October 1759.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upontheTable, to be pern fed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday . Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Limce^ 9® die Februarii;

Anno i° Georgii III*" Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

Barratry’s A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nar* Jd\. for naturalizing Simon Baraity was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkin/bn, Mr. Fellowes, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bidler, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Price, Sir Armine Wodehonfe, Mr. Bolton, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Prowse, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bond, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Alderman Beck ford. Sir Ludotvick Grant, Mr. John Walter, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Med-lycott, Mr. West, Mr. Symons, Mr. Willy, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bull, Mr. Char lion, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bankes, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Sfmfto, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Barrozo, Sir Lynch Salu/bury Cotton, Mif. Rc/i Fuller, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hume, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. For-refer, Mr Loyd, Mr. Campbell: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tu~nrr\ &c An logrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat! for naturalizing Jan Ttimer and Augitjl Gotlieb Piefchcl, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

I.uJworth A Bill for confirming and establishing Articles of

Inclosure. Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Commons, common Heaths, and waste Grounds, in the adjoining Manors of Eajf Luhvorlh and Comb Keynes? in the County of Dorjel, was read a Second time.

Ref dived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bond, Mr. Wilkin/on, Mr. More, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fuller, Sir John 7timer, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. 'B idler. Sir Charles Mor Jaunt, Mr. Bull, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. West, Mr. Hume, Sir John Gibbons, M r. Burrell, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Smith, Mr. Loxcnd&s, Mr. drift, Sir George Savile, Mr. Btiller, Mr. (woke, M r. Bayntun, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Shaflo, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Price, Mr, Charlton, Mr. John Walter, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte; M r. Foley, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Barrow, Sir Henry Monro, Mr. Fait fax. Lord Malpas, Mr. Alderman Beclford, S\rJohn Gordon, Mr. Symons, Sir Armine IVode-Vol. 28.

house, Mr. Willy, Mr. Calthorpe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, Devon,

Cornwall, Southamptonjwnd Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " The Establish- Militia <c ments of the several Regiments, Battalions, and Com- Eflabliftipauies, of the Militia, of the several Counties, Ridings, mente»

" and Places, withity that Part of Great Britain called " England, that are now embodied," be referred to the Committee who are appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of G rent Britaincalled England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1761.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply# Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to bonfider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same wpre read; and are as followeth: viz.

Rej'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Forty-four thousand One hundred Ninety-seven Pounds and Ten Shillings be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 3 ill Day of December 1760, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1761 inclusive; and that the said Sum be issued and paid, for the Use of the said Hospital, without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the Fort at Annamaboe, and the other British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for discotitinuing the Use of a Road Packmgtoa leading from a Farm House in the Parish of Great Pack- Roadj.

ingfon, in the Occupation of Richard Harding, to a Stream of Water which divides the Parishes of Great Packington and Little Packitiglon; and for preventing the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 33d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Stone Bridge to Castle Broomwich from erecting a Gate or Turnpike between Stone Bridge and the Place where the Road turns off to Cokjhill, in the County of Warwick-, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for discontinuin^ the Use of a Road in the Parish of Great Packington, in the County of Wanoick; and for preventing the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty *s Reign, for repairing the Road from Stane Bridge to Cajtle Bromwich, from erecting a Gate or Turnpike between Stone Bridge and the Place where the Road turns off to Colcjhill, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Prozvfe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Accounts

Majesty’s Command, Troo n

Account with the Chancery at War of Hanover, for Bread, Forage, and Firewood, furnished by them to the Hejfian and Prussian Forces, in 1757 and 1758.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account Is as followeth; viz.

12 P Ax

An Abstract of ACCOUNTS exhibited to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury by the Chancery at War of Hanover, for Bread, Forage, and Firewood, furnished by the latter

in the Years 1757 and 1758, to the Hessian Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, acting in the Army of Observation in Germany, and to the Prussian Auxiliaries in the same Army, in O

Consequence of Applications made to the said Chancery, for that Purpose, by Lieutenant Colonel (now Major General) Amherji, and Mr. Boyd (now Lieutenant Colonel) who were ON

successively Coniniiflaries of Provisions attending the Toops, on the Part of his late Majesty; which Accounts have been examined upon the Spot, with the Vouchers thereof, by ON British Commissaries, and are certified by them.

Also, Air ACCOUNT of several Sums of Money, charged in the Accounts laid before Parliament, of Services incurred and not provided for, and in those of the Disposition of the Supplies of Credit for the Years 1757 and 1758, respectively, as paid for F#rage of the Hessian Troops; for which Sums, and others herein after specified, a Deduction is to be made, from the Amount of the said Accounts exhibited by the Hanover Chancery.

D

cq'

N

CD

Cl

CT

Sums claimed by the Chancery at War of Hakove*.

Phen. Mariengft. Rixdollart. 5 S3 B. 3. 3 1 <9 3 r>

1757, for Bread - - 196,665 28 4 D% for Forage - - 755,469 25 7 952>*t5 18 -3 2,7*3>911 27 1 48,966 22 7

1758, for Bread - - 484,996 105 D*, for Forage - - 2,278,915 16 4

*7571 and >for Firewood - - Which Total reduced to Sterling Money, at 3^. 6rf. to the Rixdollar, being the Rata at which the Pay of the Hanovei'T vetoes is calculated, comes to

3»765>oi3 32 3 £ s. d. 658,877 8 8

l

Towards Satisfaction of the said Demand the following Sums have been provided for by Parliament. Charged in Account of Services incurred, and not provided for in 1757, a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Mr. Boyd, on Account of Forage, He. for the Hessian Troops in the Army of Observation in Germany -Charged in Account of the Disposition of the Supply of Credit for 1757, as paid for Bills of Exchange, drawn on Account of Forage and other Things, provided for the Hessian Forces, Sic. -

N. B. This was advanced for Forage bought by Pye and Cruikjhank in Holland, and delivered to the Hanover Chancery at Bremen; and there being a Balance due thereon to the said Pye and Cruikjhank, the same was included in a subsequent Bill drawn by them, and amounts to -

Charged in said Account of Disposition, to answer a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Colonel Amherji, on Account of Forage for the Hessian Troops in the Army of Observation in Germany -Charged in Account of the Disposition of the Supply of Credit, for the Year 1758, as paid to Robert Boyd Esquire, Commissary for the Hessian Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, on Account of Forage for the said Troops -Charged in D* Account, as paid to the said Robert Boyd, on Account of Forage and other Necessaries, for the Service of the said Hessian Troops -

By Part of a Quantity of Grain and Forage bought in Holland, in 1758, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and conveyed to Rees, for the life of the Army of Observation, after they had eroded the Rhine in that Year, being the Part consumed by the Hanoverians and other Troops in the late King’s Electoral Pay -

£ d-60,000 -- '

60,185 M —

437 16 "

60,000 -

60,000 ——

50,000 -- —

28,691 i 6

nO

9

IV. B. Several of the above Sums, when remitted to Germany, having produced more than aRixdollar for 3J. 6d. and the Hanover Chancery having agreed to allow the Kixdollar at the same Rate which they charge it at, the Credit arising by this Difference, together with an Allowance for afmail Overcharge in the Forage Account of 1758, amounts to -

Balance due to the Hanover Chancery

319,31411 6

3.083 3

332.397 14

33g»479 >4 1

658,877

8 8


War Office, 9th February 1761.

Barrington.

M

ON

Raft India

Court*

Maitial.

Supply.

Wyay* and Means.

Burton

Piillea

Inclosure.

By ton Inclosure.

i Geo. III. 9°- — 10° Februarii. 1067

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, A Bill for repairing and widening the Rond from the Appleby,&c.

to be perused by the Members of the Fldufe. Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland, ^oa<lk

through the Township of Orton to Kirkby Kendal, and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to from Orton to the Turnpike Road near S/iopp, and from extend the Provisions relating to the Holding of Courts Highgate, near Tebay,\n a Part of the Highway between Martial, and to the Punishment of Offences committed Appleby and Kirkby Kendal, through the Town of Kirby in the Raft Indies, contained in the Act, made in the Steven, to the_Tovvn of Market Brough, in the said 27th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, <fr An County, was read a Second time.

"Aft for putiishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers Ref hived. That the Bill be committed to Sir James

" and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company Lowlhcr, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Kynaston, Sir <c of Merchants of England trading to the Raft Indies; Francis Poole, Mr. B idler. Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr.

and for the Punishment of Offences committed in the Prewfe, Mr. Gore, Mr. Boone, Mr. Walter, Mr. Rose u Raft Indies, or at the Island of St. Helena " to the Fuller, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Burrell, Sir George Savile, Mr. said Company’s Settlement of Fort Marlborough, and Fuller, Mr. Olmius, Mr. More, General A'Court, Mr* to such other principal Settlements wherein the said Fellozves, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Fane, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Company may be hereafter impowered to hold Courts Alderman Dickivfon, Lord Parker, Mr. Fletcher, Sir of Judicature: And that the Lord Barrington, Mr. John Philipps, M r. Trijl, Mr. Charlton, Mr. John Walter,

Bolton, and M r. Amy and, do prepare, and bring in, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Smith, Mr. Onglcy, bJv.Nc/bitt, Mr. the fame. Yorke, Mr. Tozvnjhcnd, Mr. Willy, Sir Thomas P aimeri

Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Caltfiorpe, Mr. Cartwright, Admiral The other Orders of; the Day being read; Ojborne, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Milton, Mr. Go dolphin;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday and all the Members who serve for the Counties of WejU Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the moreland, Iumcafier, York, Durham, Northumberland, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted and Cumbei'land: And they are to meet this Afternoon to his Majesty. at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday pjj for diverting out of the Crown the Remainder Billon’s, &c.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the jn pee of foveral Lands in Ireland, lately the Estate of £state‘.} whole House, to confer further of Ways and Means Marfin Dl,(m Esquire anH {br veftin? the same m

for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty. Carle/,m Uldldocke, of the City of Esquire, and

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow his Heirs, in Trail, for Mitel,el of the said City

Morning, Nine of the Clock. of DubLfquire, his Heirs and Assigns; was read a

Second time.

----- — ----- — ----- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nejbitt> , 4

jljt . 0 ?. T? l * Mr. Bolton, Mr. Cr after, Mr. More, Lord Milton, Mr.

Martis IO ate rebruarn \ Burrell, Mr. Willy, Mr. Kynaj’ton, S\r Charles Mordaunt,

Anno i® Georgii III11* Reo*is 1761. Mr. Foley, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Brand, Sir Francis Poole,

0 Mr. Smith, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. IJrowfe, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Prayers. Fellozves, Sir John Cust, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Campbell,

/JR DR RE D, That Mr. Bolton, Mr. Frederick Mon- M r. Fane, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Powell,

U tagu, Mr. Edward Montagu, Mr. Manners, Mr. Lord North, Mr. Hujfeij, Lord Filzmaurice, Mr. Peter

Of ley, Mr. Jatjies Brudeneli, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr Trijl, Sir John Gordon*

Robert Brudeneli, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Moore, Mr.

Mr. Wit mot Vaughan, Mr. Boone, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Pole, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Butler K Mr.

Peachey, Sir Richard Glynn, Mr Shelley, M r. Cadogan, Wilkinson, Mr. Bull, Lord Villiers, Mr. Symons, Mr.

Mr. Thurjby, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Thyme, Lord Gore, Mr. "John Walter, Sir George Savile, Mr. Afyd-Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Solicitor General, Lord Gage, delton, Mr. West, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Sir Robert Ilild*

Mr. Bridgman, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. AuguJ'lus Her- yard, Mr. Nugent, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. vey, Sir IJonel Pitkington, Mr. Fisher, Admiral Rodney, Holt., Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Boone, Sir Edmund Mr. Hezvett, Lord Villiers, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Walter Isham, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Parker, Mr. Calvert, Ge-Blackett, Mr. George Brudeneli, Lord John Cavendish, neral A'Court, Mr. I^owndes, Admiral Ojborne, Mr.

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Leveson Gower, be Charles Townshend, Sir Armine Wodchoije, Mr. Grcn-added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirm- vide. Sir John Wynne; And they are to meet this After-ing and establishing certain Articles of Agreement for noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields

in Burton Pidjea, in Holderjufte, in the County of York, A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and

is committed. Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exeter to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common for enlightening the Streets within the City of Exeter, Street*. Fields, common Pastures, waste Grounds, and common- and Suburbs thereof, without any Amendment: And able Lands, in the Parish of Ryton, otherwise Ruyton, also,

upon Dunfmore, in the County of Warwick, was com- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Gloucester, mitted, That the Committee had examined the Allega- for continuing and amending an Act, made in the 16th &c.Road*. tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Iligh-that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to ways from the City of GlouceJ'ter to the Top of Birdlip the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that Hilt, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fe- Criekley Hill, without any Amendment: And also,

veral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Martock.&c.

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in for repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s "Fable: Where the from a Stream of Water called Ford to Cartgate in Amendments were once read throughout; and then Martock, in the County of Somerset, without any a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Amendment: And also,

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lemon’*

House. enabling the aftingTrustees and Executors of William Eftalcs*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Lemon Esquir#, deceased, to make Leases for Lives, or ingrossed. Years,

W. *1.

1

io68 I o° Februarii. ' A. 1761.

Years, determinable on Death*, of the Estates in the County of Cornwall, devised by his Will, or purchased in pursuance thereof, respectively, during the Minority of his Grandsons and Nephews, intitled to the same for the Time being; and for enabling the said Grandsons and Nephews, when of Age, and the said Trustees, during their Infancy, respectively, to make and grant Setts and Leases of Mines, according to the Custom of the Country: To which the Lordsr desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, p00l The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ibclosure. dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Moors, Commons, and walie Grounds, called Pool Common, in the Manors of Lanverchidol and Stret Marcel, otherwise Street Marshall, in the Parishes of Pool and Guils field, in the County of Montgomery: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, tail and The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Counters of veiling Part of the settled Estates of the Right honour-"»*’ able William Earl of Dartmouth, and Frances Katherine atM* Countess of Dartmouth his Wife, in the City of London and County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold; and forlayingout the Money to arifethereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said feUled Estates now stand limited: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

VMioft*s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ^at« naturalizing Anthony Vitlion: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

p00l An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Moors, Commons, and waste Grounds, called Pool Common, in the Manors of Lanverchidol and Stret Marcel, otherwise Street Marshall, in the Parishes of Pool and Guils field, in the County of Montgomery, was read the First time.

Rtfblved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An mgrofled BillforamendingandwidenlngtheRoad leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornxvall, through the Towns of Penryn, Heljton, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

In the Lift: of Commissioners for putting the Act in Execution to insert " Lieutenant Colonel George On-« flow."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Quell ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House And the Bill, was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, He!ft oh, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Welt ward of the said River and Bridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, That Mr. Home, from Orrenwici the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Report of the Commissioners of Gree?iwkh Hospital of what Money has been received from the Der-zvenfwater Estate, between the ifl December 17.59, and 30th of November 1760, and of their Proceedings in the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

roth February 1761.

IN Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his late Majestys Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainder? of James, late Earl of Dcnventwaler, and Charles Radcliffe,

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a Workman-like and substantial Manner; 011 the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Tlan laid before the House of Commons, and to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty, and both ftoufes of Pari ifftnent respectively;

The Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly report as followeth;

There has been received by the Treasurer, between the 1st December 1759 and the 30th of November 1760, out of the Rents and Profits of the Estate,.viz.

On Account of the annual Rents -

On Account of the Lead Mines ——

£. s. d.

7,040 14 3$ 2,000 — —

As to their Proceedings in the Building,

The keeping in Repair the Buildings, Furniture, Courts, Roads, Drains, Pipes, Brewing Vessels, and other Works, for the Service of the Hospital, and the making Preparation for taking in Twenty additional Boys and Nurses, amounts to the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Fifty-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and ThreePeuce -

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, between the ill December 1759 and the 30th November 1760, on Account of Repairs ——

9>°4° M :i

1,2,56 18 3

2,646 15 9

By Order of the Commissioners,

Rd Home.

Lemon’*

fifties.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabliiigUieaftingTruliee*and ExecutorSof William 20

Lemon Esquire, deceased, to make Leases for Lives, or Years determinable onDeaths, of the Eitates, in the Couu* ty of Cornwall, devised by his Will, or purchased in pursuance thereof, respectively* during ti>e Minority of his Grandsons and Nephews intitled to the fame, for tine

- Time

Digltlzed~Uy

i Geo III. 10° — n°

« st

Time being; and for enabling the said Grandfoosand Nephews, when of Age, and the said Trustees, during their Infancy, respectively, to make and grant Setts and Leases of Mines, according to the Customof the Country; was. read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read’aSecond time.

Villion^Nat. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act for naturalizing Anthony Villion, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11 ° die;

Anno ib Georgii IIItH Regis, 1761.

PR

AYERS.

Trade 10 the Sugar Colo-

Duchy of Cornwall Leafing.

Tallow imported from Ireland,

Offices and Employments.

Fisherton Bridge Road

Thorn Gumbald, Jec. Road.

Walter’s

Estate.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords by Mr. Bonner, and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cormvall, or annexed to the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending an Act, intituled, An Act todiscontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable on Tallow imported from Ireland, to Hogs Lard and Grease, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, and others, who have omitted to register, or to deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at the Western End of Heytesbury; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of Urjhfont, to the Mile Stone at the West End of Fisherlon Street, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: and also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending #e Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thom Gumbald, to Pcltrington Creek or Haven, and from the Guide Post in Winestead, to Frod-ingham Gate, in or near Widow BrantorisFarm, in the County of York, and for scouring and cleansing the said Creek or Haven; without any Amendment: An also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Plantation and Estate of John Walter Esquire, and Netolon his Wife, late Newton Walker Spiafter, in the Island of Barbadoes, in Trustees, for raising Money to be applied in purchasing of Stock, and for other Purposes, for the Improvement of the same Plantation and Estate: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read the F^ft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. 2.8.

Februarii. 1069

Mr. Frederick Montague presented to the House, Abkettleby according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing lnciofure* the open and common Fields of Abkettleby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields: And the same was'received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bolton presented to the House, according to East India Order, a Bill to extend the Provisions relating to the Courts holding of Courts Martial, and to the Punishment of Martial Offences committed in the East Indies, contained in the Act, made in the 27th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for punishing Mutiny and " Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of " the United Company of Merchants of England " trading to the East Indies, and for the Punishment of " Offences committed in the East Indies, or at the u Island of Saint Helena ft to the said Company’s Settlement of Fort Marlborough, and to such other principal Settlements wherein the said Company may be hereafter impowered to hold Courts of Judicature:

And the same was received; and read the First time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The hordParker reported from the Committee, to Wardingtofl whom the Bill for dividing, and, iqdofing, the open inclosure. and common Fields, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, within Wardington, Williamfcolt, otherwise Willfcoit, and Coton, otherwise Coles, in the County of Oxford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Fourteen Yard Lands and a half, who had been applied to, but refused to sign the Bill, and said they would rather the Bill should not pass; and that the whole Grounds to be inclosed amount to OnC hundred and Eight Yard Lands; and that the CCm-mittee had gone through the Bill, &qd made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table; where the' Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one 5 and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the Allowances to be made to the Commissioners.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the'

Question being put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the other Expences of obtaining and executing the Act.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Biff, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr John Pitt reported from the Committee, who were pay.

appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the and Clothing Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1761, and tq make Report thereof to the House, That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

12 Q ESTIMATE

loyo ii 0 — 12° Februarii. . 1761.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia, now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1761.

Pay to 30,840 private Men, at 1 s. each 22 Days - -

D4 to 70 Adjutants, at 6 s. a Day each -

I)® to 1,542 Serjeants, at 1 s. a Day each -

D° to 1,200 Drummers, at 6 d. a Day each -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2s. 6 d. a Week each

I)0 to 70 Drum Majors, at 6 d. a Day each - -

D° to 1,542 Corporals, at 6 d. a Day each, 22 Days -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at 50/. a Year each ..

Allowance for Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at -D° to each Battalion for contingent Expences, at the Rate of 5 d. per Month per Man Clothing for 444.Serjeants, now unclothed, each at 3 k 10 s. -

D° for 26S Drummers, now unclothed, each at 2/. -

D° for 8,870 private Men, now unclothed, each at 1 /. 1 os.

£> s. d.

33,924 — 7,665 — 28,141 1.0 1.0,950 — 455 —

638 15 — 848 2 —

3>5°° —

4,000 —

8,352 10

L554 —

53^ —

- x3»3?5 —

I! 3,869 17 —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, tb be perused by the Members of the House.

Vappenham Mr. Cartzoright reported from the Committee, to inclosure. wi)om the Bin for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pafrures, common Meadows, common Grounds, wade Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parifri of IVappenham, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of the Hamlet of AJlxvell and Faulcut, in the said Parish, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Right Honourable Washington Earl Ferrers, whole Property in the said Fields consists of One Yard Land and Half a Quarter of a Yard Land, and Abbot's Meadozo; and who, being applied to, to sign the Bill, said he would consider of the fame; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Hotife; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quellioli severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill^ relating to the Allowances to be made to the Commissioners.

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

relating to the other Expences of obtaining and executing the Act.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bilk

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Morrefcy Ordered, Tl>at Mr. Felbzvcs do make the Report Inclosure, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing an open Common within the Manor and Parish of Morresby, in the County of Cumberland, was committed.

Mr. Fellowes accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had exam hied the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; *7

and that the Parties concerned had given their Confenfc to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supplying netft, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 12° die Februarii;

Anno i° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1761.

Pray/, ks.

MR. Budgen reported from the Committee, to ^ifelvent whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors Debtors, was committed, and to whom the Petition of the ira-prisoned Bankrupts, confined within the Walls of the King's Bench Prison, was referred, That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevcnnight. x

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be fuf-iicient for the Use of the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the com- Ruytor mon Fields,common Pafrures, waste Grounds, ancf com- lndo(ui mouable Lands, in the Parifri of Ry/cw, other wise Ruyton,

upon

i Geo. III. ia0 — 16^Februarii. iojt

u]xm Dun/more, wa the County of Warwick, was read A Bill for making, amending, widening, turning, and Gatiierfey the Third time. repairing, the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road MoorRoad<

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title upon Gatherly Moor, near Diddcrjly Hill, to and

fee, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common through the Town of Caldwell, in the County of York,

Fields, common Pattures, waste Grounds and common- and from thence to and through the Town of Winston, in

abfo Lands, in tlieParifli of By ton, otherwise Rayton upon the County of Durham, to the Town of Stftindiop, in the

JOutr/htore, in the County of Warwick. said County; awl also from the said Turnpike Road neap

Drderrd, That- Sir Charles Mordainit do carry the Bill Smallways, to and through the Town of Hutlon-loixg-to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence. Fillers, in the said County of York, and from thence to

and through the Town of Ovingfon, to the Ford acrois East India A Bill to extend the Provisions relating to the hold- the River Tees to the Town of Winston, in the said Courts ing of Courts Martial, and to the Puniffmient of Offences County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the

Mania!, committed in the East hi dies, contained in the Act made River Tecs at or near Winston Ford* was read a Second

in the 27th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, time.

"A11 Act for punifoing Mutiny and Desertion of Re/olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lane,

Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the united Sir George Savile, Mr. Loiondes, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles

"Company of Merchants of England trading to the " East Indies, and for the Puniflnneut of Offences committed in the Fuji Indies, or at the Island of Saint Helena " to the said Company’s Settlement of Fort Marlborough, and to such other principal Settlements wherein the laid Company may be hereafter ini powered to hold Courts of Judicature, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tue/dmj Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Keith’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act forfeited to enable his Majesty to grant unto George Keith, late Elutes. jVjpi Mareschal, a Sum therein limited, out of the principal Money and Interest now remaining due to the Public on Account of the Purchase-money of certain forfeited Estates of the said late Earl, without any Amendment: And also,

Leeds and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sheffield to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Road. 3 iff Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

Packington The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads. for dileontinuing the Use of a Road'in the Parish of Great Packington, in the County of Warwick; and for preventing the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in tire 33d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Stone Bridge to Castle Bromwich, from erecting a Gate or Turnpike between Slone Bridge and the Place where the Road turns off to Colejhill, in the County of Wamvick; without any Amendment: And also,

Ashburton, The Lords have agreed to the Bid, intituled, An Act Ac. Road.* for repairing and widening the Road from Traveller's Rest, in the Parish of Ashburton, to Newton Bitjhel, and from thence to Forche's otherwise Forger's Cross, in the Parish of Highweek, in the County of Devon, without any Amendment.

And the£ the Messengers withdrew.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjonrn till Monday Morning next.

Earl and An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Dartmouth^ ve^n£ ffttled Estates of the Right

Estates. honourable William Earl of Dartmouth and Frances Catherine Countess of Dartmouth his Wife, in the City of London and County of Middhjex, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now Hand limited, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Y7ol. 28.

Mordaunl, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bud gen, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Pratofe, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More,

Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Smith, Mr. Willy, Mr. Bolton,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Felloives, Mr. Gzcynne, Mr. Sandys, Mr: Fgerton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Baytitun. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Trift, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Burt'ell. Sir John Cust, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Pye, Sir John Turner, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. George Qnjlozv, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Thomas Fane, Mr. Ward, Mr. Hill, Sir Amninc Wodehouse, Mr. Bidler, Sir Hemy Grey, Mr. Fane, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Moore, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Pryfis Campbell, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Charles Town/iend, Mr. Hewett, Sir William Maynard, Mr., Palmer, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Townshend, LoFd North, Mr. Vemion, Mr. Vanjillart; and all the Memberswho serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Norlhumbet^ land, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning pext. Nine of the Clock.

Lunos, 16° die Februarii;

Anno i° Georgii IIIrii Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

OMPLAINT being made to the House, That pri?ilege* in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Mr. Launcelot Sandys has entered the Possessions of Sir Edward Montagu Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, a Member of this House, in the Queen's County, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and driven out the Cattle of his Tenants, and done other Damages to the said Ellate;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pool for dividing, incloting, and allotting the Moors, Com- Inci°for*' mons, and waste Grounds, called Pool Common, in the Manors of Lanverchidol and Stret Marcel, otherwise Street Marshall, in the ParUhes of Pool and Guilsfield, in the County of Montgomery, was read a Second time.

RcJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston,

Sir Charles Mordaunl, Mr. Prozvje, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Felloives, Sir George Savile, Mr. Butler, Sir Arming Wodeliou/e, Mr. Probyn, Mr, West, Mr. More, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Hewett, Sir John Cust, Mr. Bond, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Burrell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Buller, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Trist, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Hayward, Sr John Gibbons, Mr. Smith, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. George OnJlozv,

1072 16® Febru. , A. 1761.

Mr. Symons, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Gwe, Mr. Peter Burrell, if end, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Z>zw>, Mr. General Bofcawcn, Mr. /Vey, Mr. WeJtfaling, Mr. Starkie, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. ifo/ie Fuller, Mr. Crafler, Bacon, Mr, CV/>7wr/£///, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Mr. Burrell, Mr. Xtfwe, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Wilbraham, Howard, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Alderman Mr. Butler, Sir Francis Da/hwood, Mr. JarritSmith, Sir

Beckford, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Tit die ay; and JWw Gibbons, Mr. Nesbitt, Sir Walter Blackett, Mv. Bol-all the Mem liters who serve for the Principality of Wales, ton, Sir /f'w. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. and the Counties of Salop, IIcreford, Chester, and (7/oa- JF/%, Mr. IIu/fey. Sir John Wynne, Mr. Fan/haw, Lord

cester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of Adam Gordon, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Richard Warwick the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Bampfylde, Mr. Clive, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

Cooke, Sir Wyndham Knaichbull Wyndham; and aljthe

Dillon’s, &c. Ordered, That Mr. Conolly, Mr. Burton, be added to Estate. the Committee, to whom the Bill for diverting out of the Crown the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland, lately the Estate of Martin Dillon Esquire, and for veiling the same in Carleton Whitelocke, of the City of Dublin, Esquire, and his Heirs, ill Trull for Henry Milchel, of t he said City of Dublin, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, is committed.

Lemon’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for enabling the aftitig Trustees and Executors of William Lemon Esquire, deceased, to make Leases for Lives or Years, determinable on Deaths, of the Estates in the County of Cormvall, devised by his Will, or purchased in pursuance thereof, respectively, during the Minority of his Grand Cons and Nephews, in titled to the fame, for the Time being; and for enabling the said Grandsons and Nephews, when of Age, and the said Trustees,during their Infancy, respectively, to make and grant Setts and Leases of Mines, according to the Custom of the Country, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Bof-Gazoen, Mr. Cornexvall, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Buller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Prowse, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Probyn, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Burrell, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Prodlor, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hewett, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Fane, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. More, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Montagu, Sir George Savile, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. IIay ward, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. John Pitt, Sir John Cvft, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Rose Fuller, Sir Edward Montagu, Mr. Howard, Mr. Clive, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Holt, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Fane, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Starkie, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Rankes, Mr. Bull, Mr. Manners, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Ncjbitt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vote of Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Thanks to the Reverend Doctor Squire, Dean of Bristol, for the Dr. Squire. Sermon by him preached, upon Friday last, before this House, 2X Saint Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be defiredto print the fame: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. West, Mr. Jarrit Smith, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do acquint him therewith.

Walter’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Etfate. for vesting the Plantation and Estate of John Walter, Esquire, and Nezvlon his Wife, late Newton Walker Spinster, in the Island of Barbadoes, in Trustees, for raising Money to be applied in purebafing of Stock, and for other Purposes, for the Improvement of the same Plantation and Estate; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Van-filtart, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Cust, Mr. More, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fane, Mr. Chetivynd, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bacon, Sir George Savile, Mr. Buller, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fuller, Mr Grojbenor, Mr Foley, Mr. Vyner, NlxToicns-

Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, Oxford, Gloucejicr, Wilts, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and Mr. /Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bath Roads, to explain and amend so much of an Act, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads leading to the City of Bath; and for amending several other Roads near the said City; as directs the laying out anew Road from the Bridge at Bath to Rush Hill; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Asfbrdby for dividing and inclortng the open and common Fields Inclosure. of Asfordby, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Snowfliiil for dividing and inclortng certain common Fields, and Inclosure. common Meadows, and a common Hill, called Snozvjhill Hill, lying within the Manor of Snowjhill, in the County of Gloucester, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act TurnerVvc. for naturalizing Jan Turner and August Gotlieb Piefchel, Nat. was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston,

Sir John Cvft, Mr. Proivfe, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fel-hives, Mr. Vyner, Mr. More, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Smith,

Sir John Morgan, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Chart-ton, Mr. Buller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Burrell, Sir JValter Blackett, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Hewett, Mr.

Olmius, Mv.Probyn, Mx.Campbell, Mr. Sandys. Sir John Cust, M x.Shaft 0, Mr Vaughan, Mr. Montagu, Mx.Grenville, Mr. Bull, Lord North, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Francis Poole, M r. Townshend, Lord Howe, Sir Edward Turner,

Mr. Hunter, Mr. Clive, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fane, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

Lockyer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Trijl, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mx.Foley, Mr. Vyner, Mr. John Pitt,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Butler,

Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Starkie, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Bojcazven, Mr. Jenyns: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclortng the open and com- Abkettlety mon Fields of Abkettleby, in the County of Leicester, and Inclosure. all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Montagu, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Kynaston, Lord North,

Mr. Proztfe, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Charlton, Mr. More, Colonel Hozve, Mr. Buller, Lord Howe, Mr. Trijl, Lord Middelton, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Fane, Mr. West, Mr. Tudway,

Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Townshend, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. George Onjloic,

Mr. Burrell, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Hewett,

Sir George Savile, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Buller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Starkie, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

i G Eo. III. 16® Februar 1073

Probyn, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Shaffo, Sir GorgcYonge, Mr. Fi/her, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Colleton, Lord George Ca-vemlish, Mr. Vyner, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Wilkes, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Earl and An ingrossed Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Counters of for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right ho-Eartmouth’i nourakie William Earl of Dartmouth, and Francs ate*\ Katherine Countess of Dartmouth his Wife, in the City of London, and County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of ot her Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now stand limited; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord North, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Ofrvald, Mr. Thomas Tozvnjhend, Mr. Charles Tozvnjhend, Mr. Prouse, Sir Gordon, Mr. Fellozves, Sir Jo/m C///2, Mr. Probyn, Mr. George Onjlozv, Mr. Sandys. Lord Cavendish,

Mr. Fuller, Sir Pilchard Glynne, Mr. Butler, Colonel Howe, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bacon, Sir Alex-finder Gilmour, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Selivyn, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Smith, Mr. Corncwall, Mr. Trijt, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Jarrit Smith, General A*Court, Mr. Heivett, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Forrefter, Si\r'John Rijhout, Mr. Stanley, Lord Hozcc. Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord Middleton, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Lord Harry Pozdett, Mr. James Grenville, General Cornzcallis, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fane, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Brudtnell, General Bofcazccn, Mr. Rz///, Sir Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Henry Grenville, Doctor Hay, Mr. Gere, Lord Filzmaurice, Mr. Car tier ight, General Conway, Sir William Irby; and all the Members who serv^e for the City of London, and Counties of AVrt/, Stafford, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted (to his Majesty;

And a Motion being made. That the Account with the Chancery at War of Hanover, for Bread, Forage, and Firewood, furnifiled by them to the Hessian and Prussian Forces, in 1,757 and 1758, be referred to the said Committee; .

The House was moved, That the Resolution, which, Upon, the 21 ft Day of February 1757, was reported from the Committee of the,whole House, to wfiopi it was referred to consider.,further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, <€ That a Sum not exceeding 200,000 be " granted to his Majesty, to assist him in forming and " maintaining, during the prefeitf Year, an Army of " Observation, for the just and necessary Defence and " Preservation of his Majesty’s Electoral Dominions, " and those of his Allies, and towards enabling his Majesty to fulfil his Engagements with the King of " P ruff a, for the Security of the Empire, again!! the Irruption of foreign Armies, and for the Support of the <c Common Cause."

Ordered, That the said Account be now referred to the said Committee;

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " An Account of " the Application and disposal of £. 800,000, issued " pursuant to the Power given by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for issuing and applying " any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One " million, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to de-Vqi. 28.

" fray any extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred " or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1757,

" and to take all such Meafitres as might be necessary to " disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his " Enemies; and as the Exigency of Affairs might " require"; which was presented to the House upon the 16th Day of March 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1757, not provided for by Parliament, which was presented to the House upon the 13th Day of April 1758, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " An Account " of the Application and Disposal of Eight hundred " Thousand Pounds, issued pursuant to the Power given " by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for cc issuing and applying any Sum or Sums of Money, not " exceeding Eight hundred thousand Pounds, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred or to be in-<c curred for the Service of the Year 1758, and to takeall " such Measures as might be necessary to disappoint or " defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies;

" and as the Exigency of Affairs might require;" which was presented to the House upon the 19th Day of January 1759, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of the Fencible Men of Argyleshire, and Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain, from 25 December 1760 to 24th December 1761, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the Pay of Major General Anjlrulhers Regiment of Foot, on the British Establishment, and the

Sum paid by Ireland, for the said Regiment, from 25th December 1760 to 24th December 1761, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, and of several Augmentations to his Majesty’s Forces, since the Estimates for the Year 1761 were presented to Parliament, from the respective Times within mentioned, to the 24th December 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses stated the 5th April 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses stated the 10th of October 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.;

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the house will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton &lfo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read; Ways

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- *D<1 M«ni* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

12 R

1

1074 170 Februarii. A. 1761.

Martis, 17® Februarii;

Anno i* Georgii III1" Regis, 1761,

Prater s.

M ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and Mr. Browning.

Mr. Speaker,

Viscount The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ve^n£ the settled Estate of Frederick Viscount

Bolingbroke, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling an Estate in the County of Surrey, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; and for impowering him to fell other Part of the said Kentish Estate, for the Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Refotved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

TurnerMr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jan Turner and August Gotlieb Piefchcl, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Supply Bill; Mr. Charlton, present.ed to the House, according to

Coinage. Order, a Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wardington An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open

Inclosure. arMj common Fields, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, within Wardington, Williamjcott otherwise Willjcott, and Coton otherwise Cotes, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 38. L. 37. After " Lessees," to insert, " the Truf-€< tees for the Church and Clock aforesaid."

And the said Amendment was*. Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; afcd the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and comrpojn Fields, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, within Wardington, Williamfcott otherwise Willfcott, and Coton otherwise Coles, in the Cou ntv of Oxford.

Ordered, That the Lord Parker, do carry the J Bill.to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

DillonV^&c. Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom ElUte. the Bill for divesting out of the Crown the Remainder in Fee of several Lartds in Ireland, lately the Estate of Martin Dillon Esquire, and for veiling the same in Carleton Whitelacke, of the City of Dublin, Esquire, and his Heirs, in Trust, for Henry Mitchel, of the said City of Dublin, Esquire, his Heirs and A Signs, was committed, That the Committee had examined and found that the Handing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in r Ireland, before any private Bill relating to Estates there

.be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Whereddie Amendments were once read *7

throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the com- Wapp?nlia« mon Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, com- Inclosure. mon Grounds, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Wappenham, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of the Hamlet of Ashvell and Faulcut, in the said Parish, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Wappenham, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of the Hamlet of Ashvell wad Faulcut, in the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. George Onjlozv reported from the Committee, to Crovdo* tvhom the Bill for repairing the Parish Church of Croy- hictofir* don, in the County of Surrey, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom.it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to 'report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Thirty-six thousand Four hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, for discharging the extraordinary Expences not provided for by Parliament, of Bread, Forage, and Firewood, furnished by the Chancery at War of Hanover, in the Years 17^7 and 1758, to the Hessian and Prussian Forces acting in the Army in Germany.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Three hundred Sixty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Difference between the Pay of Major General Anjlruther9s Regiment of Foot, on the British Establishment, and the Sum paid by Ireland for the said Regiment, from the 25th Day of December 1760, to the 24th Day of December 1761, both Days inclusive, being 365 D&vs; and of several Augmentations to his Majesty’s Forces since the Eitimates for the Year 1761 were presented to Parliament, from the respectiveTimes of the Commencement of their Establishment to the 24th Day of December 1761 inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two luindrdd Ninety-eight thousand Six hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, in addition to the Sum of One hundred Forty thousand Three hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Nipeteen Shillings and Fbur

Pence,

Lift India

Courts

Partial.

i Geo. III. 17° — i V Feb 1075

Pence, already granted, for defraying the Charge of the embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of the fencible Men of Argyllshire, and of Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1760, to the 24th Day of December 1761, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upoa the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, poltponed.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Provisions relating to the Holding of Courts Martial, and to the Punishment of Offences committed in the Raft Indies, contained in the Act, made in the 27th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for punishing Mu-

tiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England " trading to the Raft Indies, and for the Punitlnnent " of Offences committed in the Raft Indies, or at the <c island of Saint Helena' to the said Company’s Settlement of Fort Marlborough, and to such other principal Settlements wherein the said Company may be hereafter impowered to hold Courts of Judicature.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bolton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bolton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die Februarii;

Anno i° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Justices of to amend an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, concerning the 1 catlon* Qualification of Justices of the Peace; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Morton Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Pinkney Fields, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Inclosure* Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Parish,

Township, and Liberties, of Morton Pinkney, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Isham do carry to the Wtppenham Lords the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. common Fields, common Pastures, common MeadoWs, common Grounds, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of IVappenham, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of the Hamlet of Aftwell and Fauleut, in the said Parish, and desire their Lordships Concurrence thereto.

The House being informed, That Mr. Poftlethwayt, Dispositio* from the Treasury* attended at the Door; of Grants.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1760 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 18th Day of February 1761; and the Parts remaining unsatisfied; with th_e Efficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 28.

A*

Piniti7Rd hv C^OQj

D

cq'

N CD CL cr

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1760 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 18th Day of February 1^61;

and the Parts remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon. '

r

SERVICES.

For the Wages, and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 70,000 Men, including 18,355 Marines, from the ift of January 1760 ——

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea Officers, for the Year 1760.

Towards carrying on the Works of the Hospital for Tick and wounded Seamen, building at Hafler, near Gosport for the Year 1760 Towards carrying on the Works of the Hospital for sick and wounded Seamen, building near Plymouth, for the Year 1760 - -

Towards purchasing Ground, erecting Jetty Heads for careening Wharfs, Capstand Houses, Storehouses, and other Accommodations necessary for refitting his Majesty’s Fleet, at Halifax, for the Year 1760 ——

Towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich -

Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy - -

For the Charge of Transport Service, between the ift January and 30th September 1759, including the Expence of Victuallinghis Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time ——

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1760 -

f For Ordnance, Sea Service . - ....

I For D° - - - Land Service ... -

J For defraying the extraordinary Expence in the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament in 1759 7 1 o defray the Expences of taking down the Magazine for Gunpowder at Greenwich, and erecting a new Magazine for Gunpowder in some more proper Situation, and to purchase Lands for that Purpose -

For Interest of,£.23,800. 11*. 11 d. from 25th August 1759, to 25th April 1760, being such Part of the Purchase Money for Lands at Chatham, Porifmouth, and Plymouth, taken in, for the better securing the Docks, SfC, there, as was not paid into the Hands of the King’s Remembrancer, pursuant to an Act 31 Georgii 2di ——

For defraying the Charge of57,294 Men, for Guards, and Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and ' Jersey, for the Year 1760 -

For defraying the Charge of several Augmentations of his Majesty’s Forces, from their respective Commencements to the 24th of December 1760

For maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, Africa, and the Eujl Indies; and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, Providence, Cape Breton, Guadeloupe, Senegal, and Gorec9 for the

Year 1760 - -- -....

For defraying the Charge of Regiments of Foot on the Irish Establishment, serving in America, for the Year 1760 -

For the Pay of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1760 For the Charge of the Embodied Militia in South Britain, and of the fencible Men of Argyleshire, and Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain, from the 25th of December 1759, to the 25th of April 1760, both Days inclusive - -

For the Charge of the said embodied Militia, from the respective Times they were embodied, and of the said fencible Men and Highlanders, from the Commencement of their Estabnshment to the 24th of Decrmicr 1760 For defraying the Charge of the Clothing for the Embodied Militia, for the Year 1760

For Pensions to the Widows of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines -

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces and other Services, incurred to the 24th November 1759, and not provided for by Parliament ——

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of D°, incurred from the said 24th November 1759, to the 24 December following, and not

provided for..... . ..... ....

For the reduced Officers of His Majesty's bnd Forres and Marines, upon Account - - - . - -

For defraying the Charges of Allowances to the several Officers a»d private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and to the iuperannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1760 - -

I [For the Ourt Pensioners of Cheffca Hospital, upon Account ——

p Tor defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Light Dragoons, and an additional Company to Lieutenant Colonel Vaughan's Corps, for the 1 Year 1760 - . :m - - . - . _ - . -;

c 1. d.

3,458,000 — —

232,629 5 1

10,000 — —

10,000 — —

8,000

10,000 — —

1,000,000 — —

501,078 16 6

200,000 — —

£ s. d.

— —

230*296 4 6

280,563 16 11

15*000 — —

634 »3 7

£ t: d.

1.383.748 — 10

134.139 *7 4

846,168 19

35*744 8 4

54*454 11 9

102,006 4 8

260,104 16 8

30,722 — —

2,041 — —

953*302 15 5i

420,120 1 —

35,651 9 —

2,946-----

25,000-----

12,874 15 10

Sums voted.

s. d.

Sums paid.

£ * d.

Remains to be paid;

o

<1

Os

5,419,708 1 7

708.494 15 —

4,710,666 9 3

708,49415 —

£ «. d.

717,041 10 4

k

ON

18° Februrii.

Vol. 2&

For defraying the Charge of $1,750 Men of the Troops of Hanovti', Wolfenhutle, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Buckeburg, together with that of General and Staff Officers, actually employed against the common Enemy, in Concert with the King of PntJJia, from 25th of

December 1759, to 24th December 1760..... ....

For defraying the Charge of an Augmentation of 1,001 Light Cavalry, the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, from D° to D° For defraying the Charge of a,120 Horse and 9,900 Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of IleJJe Cajftl, in the Pay uf Great Britain, from the said 25th December 1759, to the 24th December 1760, both Days inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the same Time, pursuant to Treaty -

For defraying the Charge of an additional Corps of gsollorfe, and (1,072 Foot, together with the Generat and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the said Landgrave of HeJJe Cttjftl, for the same time ——

To enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the said Landgrave, pursuant to Treaty -

N. B. The Sum of £.20,776 5 s. 5 d. granted for defraying the Charge of an Augmentation of Squadrons of Hejian Hunters and Hussars being included in the following Article of £. 101,096 3 s. 2 d. the same is not charged in this Account.

For defraying the Charge of 2 additional Sauadrons of HulT.irs, and 2 Companies of Chafieurs, together with an Augmentation of the Iiorfe, Dragoons, and Foot, the‘proops of the Landgrave of HeJJe CaJJ'el, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1760 -

To enable his Majesty to make good ,his Engagements with the King of PruJJiu, pursuant to a Convention, concluded November the $th.

1759

For defraying the Charge of 959 Cavalry, and 1,454 Infantry, the Troops of the Duke of Bnm/wick, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty ——

For defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to the said Troops, pursuant to an ulterior Convention, concluded the 5th of March 1760 - For defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to the Army in Germany of 5 Battalions and Companies, with a Corps of Artillery, for 366 Days from the 25th Deceml/er 1759, to the 24th December 1760, both Days inciuHve ——

LFor defraying the Charges of Forage, Bread, Bread Waggons, Train of Artillery, and of Provisions, Wood, Straw, fyc. and other extraordinary Expences, and Contingencies, of his Majesty’s combined Army, under the Command of Prince Ferdinand -

To enable his Majesty to discharge the principal Sum of One million, raised in pursuance of an Act of Parliament,. 32* Georgii 2di, and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted for the Service of the Year 1760, together with Interest for the same Towards the improving, widening, and enlarging; the Passage over and through London Bridge -

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid thereout, to make good the^eficiency of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted Anno 1758, on the 5th July 1759 ——

m To replace to D°the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for Payment of Annuities granted Anno 1759, on

the 5th July 1759 ——

t/3 To replace toD° the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities on single Lives, granted per Act J90 Georgii <idi on 5th January 1759 ——

To replace to D* the like Sum paid theieout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying the several Annuities granted Anno

1757> on the 5th January 1759....

*To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted Anno 1758, on the 2d of April 1760 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1758, on the 25th of March 1760 -

To enable the Governors of the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children to continue to carry into Execution the good Purposes for which they were incorporated - -- -- - - < ——

Towards enabling the Governors of the said Hospital to maintain, educate, and bind Apprentice, such Children as were admitted into the fame, on or hetore the 8th of February 1760 -

Towards enabling the Governors of the said Hospital to maintain and educate such Children, as were admitted into the fame, between the 8th February and the 76th of March 1760 For supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1760 - - - r - -

For defraying the Charges incurred for supporting and maintaining the said Colony of Nova Scotia, in the Year 1758, and not provided for by Parliament ——

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of the Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 2Ath of June 1759, to 24th of June 1760 ——

To enable his Majesty tp give a proper Compensation to the respective Provinces in North America, for their Expences inlevying, clothing, and Pay of the Troops raised by them ——

To the East India Company, towards enabling them to defray the Expence of a military Force in their Settlements For reimbursing the Colony of New York their Expences in furnishing Provisionsand Stores to the Troops raised by them, for his Majesty's Service, for the Campaign Anno 1756-

447, Jo 5$

34*333 "

268,874 16 8

97,850 4 10 do,000-----

101,096 3 2

670.000 — ' — 66,926 3 — 4]

23.843 5 u

52.903 >9 2

500.000 -

6,622,736 11 il

1,012,924 6 8

l5/>°°

124,736 7 ij

84,141 15 8

8,75* 6 10

9 84

262,392 1 4§

100,910 13 ii

5,000 — —

44.' 57 10 —

3»,27 10 —

12,78s 6 10

5,85* 4 9

4.057 10 —

200,000 — —

20,000 —

2*977 7- 8

6,622,73 0 IT it

1,012,92+ 6 8

15,00*

124,738 7 Ii

84,141 15 8

8,752 6 10

7.851 9

262,392 1 4f

100,910 13

5,000 — —

44,157 10 —

3.127 10 —

5,582 1 10

5.851 4 9

4.057 10 —

200,000 — —

2,0000 — —

2;977 7 8

1

.205

o

4

i Geo. III. 18°

For maintaining and supporting Hie British Forts and Settlements «pon tire Coafft of Africa - . - -

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of (he Year 1759 ——

To make good to the Civil List Revenues the like Sum iRued thereout to jane Hardingc Widow, as Administratrix of Nicho}as Ilardingc Esquire, deceased, pursuant to an Address ——

To make good to D° the like Sum, ifi'ued thereout to Jeremiah Dyfon Esquire, towards the Expence of printing Journals, $c. pmTuant to

"n Addr^r" ——

Towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the unembodied Militia, for the Year ending the 25th of March 1761 To enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1760, and to take all tuch Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprises or Defigtts of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of A flairs may require ——

For defraying the extraordinary Charge of his Majesty’s Mint in the Tower of London, in the Year 1759 -

Towards the extraordinary Expence of his Majesty’s said Mint, in the Year 1760, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, 270 Georgii idi Page 330 For paying and discharging the Debts, i\*c. on the Landsand Estate of John Drummond, remaining unfafisliedj and not already provided for For Discount after the Rate off'. 3 per Cent, to the Contributors of £ .8,000,000 upon their several Sums subscribed, from the Day of completing their whole Payment* to the 29th of October 1760 ——

To the Bank of England, in Reward for receiving the said £.8,000,000, and also for Rewards and incident Charges attending the jpreparing and drawing the Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and delivering out Certificates in lieu thereof -

! 0,000 — 75>i7 —

3

&000 — s —

2,000 — — 80,000 — —

1,000,000-----

IL940 13 to

9,000-----

2,500-----

5^755 4 5 17,446 6 8

5,942/217 2 8

10,000 —

3.000 —

2.000 —

1,000,000-----

11,94.0 13 10

9,000-----

2,500-----

5^»75o 4 5 17,446 6 8

75A70

it

15,063,802 5 — 2

Ways and Means towards the said Services-

t- d.

.2,000,000-----

750,000-----

8,000,000-----

1,500,000-----

2,602,706 1,000,000

9 9

15,852,706 9 9 89,510 12 11

15,942,217 2 8

By 4(h. per Lib. bn Land,

By the Malt Duties, continued Anno 1760.

By Annuities transfer/able at the Bank.

By Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Navy Debt and Naval Servicer,charged-on next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

Out of the Sinking Fund.

Charged on next Aids to be granted in Parliament*

Deficiency of Grants-

The Charge upon the surplus Produce of the Sinking Fund, as Part of the Ways and Means granted for the Year 1760 - - _ - \ -

Whereof hath anfen to the 5th of Ju- £. $, 4:

nuary 1761, and app lied for the public Service - - - - 1,339,695 2 8r

Borrowed by Loans and Exchequer Bills, on Credit of the said surplus Produce, and applied likewise for the public Service - 474,107 2 4J

Remains to be raised on Credit of the said Sinking Fund, tow ai ds fat isfying the Services which remain to be paid

£. s. d. 2,602,706 9 9

1,813,802 5 — J

Deficiency of the Grants for the Year 1760

80,000 — —

878,414 *7 7i

788,904 4 8J

£.89,510 12 11

Memorandum: The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, fttilow: r/zf. r j

are sls follow; viz*.

For the late Marine Regiments - -

African Company's Creditors -Georgia Bills,.Residue of £. 15,496 19s. 1 d.\

Milford Haven granted Anno 1758 -

JUJford Haven, Rifidue of £. 10,000 granted Anno 1759 -

Pay and Clothing for the Militia, provided for by the Act 32* Gcargii 2 (It -

Pay and Cic th ing Tor the Militia Anno 1759

£' s. d.

- 16,506 5 2$

900 12 10

57o 17 7 i

- 10,000 ——

6,650-----

- 20,000 -

- 88,667 1° —

£' 143,295 5 7i

This Account* dated in Obedience to his Majesty's Commands, uptM an Address of this honourable House, is humbly prefeuted this lfith 0a y of February ifCi, X>y

James Pcfil.ihwayt*

‘I9^1 ’V \

i Geo. IIIv

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

rExhaIl Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, lucMure. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, Pastures, Meadows* and other Grounds, within the Parish of Exhall, in the County of the City of CW^/;^/,wascommitted, That the Committee Lad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except William Young, who has no Lands, but only a Right of Common upon Part of the(Lands intended to be inclosed; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one*, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Turner’s, An ingrossed Pill from the Lords, intituled, An Act N*u. for naturalizing Jan Turner and AugustGotlieh Piejchel was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

East India Mr. Bolton, according to Order, reported from the Com® Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

arlia extend the Provisions relating to the Holding of Courts

Martial, and to the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies, contained in the Act, made in the 27th Year of his late Majesty s Reign, intituled,tc An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and f* Soldiers, in the Service of the United Company of " Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and " for the Punishment of Offences committed in the East " Indies, or the Istand of Saint Helenato the said Com* pany’s Settlement of Fort Marlborough, and to such other principal Settlements wherein the said Company jnay be hereafter impowered to hold Courts of Judicature; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one b)r one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Croydon An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Parish Church of Church. # Croydon, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Croydon; in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onfaio do carry the Bill to x the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and

of Privilegei. Elections be adjourned.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, ' be now read:

And the said Order was read accordingly;

Vol. of.

I079

And the Resolutions of the Committee, which were Yesterday postponed, being again severally read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The House was moved. That the 25th Section of an Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting in his Majesty the Estates of certain Traitors: and for more effectually discovering the fame; and applying the Produce thereof to the Use of his Majesty; and for ascertaining and satisfying the lawful Debts and Claims thereupon; might be read;

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Sixth Section of an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably; and for makingSatisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof, for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, fC Copy of the " Report of the Commissioners and Trustees for managing the annexed forfeited Estates in Scotland, to the " Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury,

" which, by an Act of the 25th Year of his Majesty’s " Reign, is directed to be laid before both Houses of " Parliament'’ (which was presented to the House upon the 23d Day of February 1758), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled,fC Copy of a Re-te port of the Commissioners and Trustees for managing " the annexed forfeited Estates in Scotland, to the Lords u Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, which, by <c an Act of the 25th Year of his Majestys Reign, isdirested to be laid before both Houses of Parliament*4 (which was presented to the House upon the 13th Day of February 1759), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled; <4 Copy of the <c Report of the Commissioners and Trustees for managing the annexed forfeited Estates in Scotland, to the " Lords Commissioners of his M a jesty's Treasury, which,

" by an Act. of the 25th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, is " directed to be laid before both Houses of Parliament" (which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of May 1760), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Certificate from " the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, with relation to u the forfeited Estate feme time belonging to Simon " late Lord Lovat," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled,c< Certificate from " the Lords of Council and Section in Scotland, to the " Barons of the Court of Exchequer there, of the Claims sustained upon the Estate feme time belonging to " Simon late Lord Lovat? be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Refelution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton Mo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved,

i 8° Februarii.

io8o 18* — 10° Februarii. A. 1161.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-irg next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

- Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-mnd Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of tffe whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

- - — .....- — ..... t - — ....

Jovis, 190 die Februarii;

Anno i* Georgii III111 Regis, 1761. Prayers.

AM ESS AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Tudway’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exchange, for confirming and establishing an Exchange of Lands, agreed to be made between Charles Tu4way&iquire and the Archdeacon of Wells, in the County of Somerset, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Baratty’s Mr. JarritSmith reported from the Committee, to ^at- whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Simon Baratly was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Britishi The House being informed, That Mr. Simmons, Fishery. Accountant to the Society of the Free British Fishery, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of Receipts and Disbursements by the Society of the Free British Fishery, from 31st December 1759 to the 31st December 1760.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Viflidn’sNar. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Villion, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kyjiaflon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Coventry, Mr. ProwJ'c, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Smith, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Fane, Mr. Loxondes, Mr. More, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Trifl, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Powell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lloyd, Mt\ Sandys, Lord Howe, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Robert Ladbroke, M r. Bankes, Mr Campbell, Mr. Moore, Mr. Gore, Mr. Freeman, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bolton, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Hill, Mr. Charlton, Mv. Hamilton, Mr. Chester, Mr. FellowesJSlw Luttrell, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Rose Fuller, Sir Edmund lsham, Mr. Vyner, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Craster. Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Gashry, Sir Roger Newdigate: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

fciUon's, Sec. An ingrossed Bill for divesting out of the Crown the Bftatt. Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland, lately the Estate of Martin Dillon Esquire, and for veiling the same in Carleton Whitelocke, of the City of Dublinl

Esquire, and his Heirs, in Trail, for Henry Mitchel, of the said City of Dublin, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

P. 5. L. 35. To leave out a Nine," and insert <c Eight" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for divesting out of the Crown the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland, lately the Estate of Martin Dillon Esquire, and for veiling the same in Carleton Whitelocke, of the City of Dublin, Esquire, and his Heirs, in Trull, for Henry Milchel, of the said City of Dublin Esquire, his Heirs and AlTigns.

Ordered, That Air. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of Cuiiage. the Coinage of Aloney was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toa Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to extend the Provisions relating to the Holding of Courts Martial, and to the Punishment Coutt* of Offences committed in t he East Indies, contained in the Act, made in the 27 th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for punishing Mutiny and " Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the " United Company of Alerchants of England trading " to thejEafl Indies, and for the Punishment of Olfences committed in the East Indies, or at the Island " of St. Helenato the said Company's Settlement of "

Fort Marlborough, and to such other principal Settlements wherein the said Company may be hereafter impowered to hold Courts of Judicature; was read the Third time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title, be, An Act to extend the Provisions relating to the Holding of Courts Alartial, and to the Punishment of Offence*. committed in the East Indies, contained in the Act,made in the 27th Year of his late Majesty‘s Reign, intituled,

" An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers " and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of <c Alerchants of England trading to the East Indies; and " for the Punishment of Offences committed in the East " Indies, or at the Island of Saint Helena to the said Company’s Settlement of Fort Marlborough, and to such other principal Settlements wherein the said Company may be hereafter impowered to hold Courts of Judica* ture.

Ordered, That Mr. Bolton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Air. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply.. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-eight thousand Five hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty* upon Account, for paying and discharging the Debts and wadfett Sums, with the necessary Expences attending the Payment of the fame,claimed and fuftnined upon the Lands and Estate which became forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of Simon late Lord Lovat, or so much of the said Debts and Sums as shall be remaining unsatisfied, according to the several Decrees in that behalf respectively made by

ii

Stone, See. ltoals.

Exhall

Inclosure.

Falmouth

Road.

i Geo. III. 190 — - 2 o° Februarii.

io8i

the Lords of Se(lion in Scotland, and pursuant to an Act, thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and of the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River George the Second, intituled, An Act for annexing cer- and Bridge, without any Amendment: And also, tain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown, unalien- The Lords have pafi’ed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Morse’s ably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Credi- veiling and settling the real and personal Estate of John Estate* tors thereupon; and to establiili a Method of managing Morse, late Citizen and Goldsmith of London, deceased, the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the Benefit of the several Persons intitled under his for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Will; and for the better answering and effecting the Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future. Intents and Purposes of the same Will: To which the The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, Lords delire the Concurrence of this House. upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the And then the Messengers withdrew.

House.

Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Stone to Wordejlcy Green Gate, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton to join the Road leading from Share/hill to Effington Wood, in the County of Stafford; and from the Weil End of Bilfion Street, in Wolverhampton aforesaid, to the High Street in Dudley, in the County of Worcester; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w ere once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Application of Tolls to be collected between Wolverhampton and Dudley, and other Places:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Tioufe to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Application of the Tolls to be collected between Street Way and Wordejley Green Gate:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upori the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Thbn several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroifed.

And then the House adjourned:till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

t i:

----- — r-"

Veneris, 20* die Februarii;

Anno i° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1761. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Grounds within the Parish of Exhall, in the County of the City of Coventry, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Grounds, within the Parish of Exhall, in the County of the City of Coventry.

Ordered, That Sir Charles MorsLaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and Mr.

Brozvning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Ehll, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Helston, and Marazion, and from Vol. 28.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Simon Bara tty was read the Third time. at*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Morfc’s veiling and setling the real and personal Estate of John Estate.

Morse, late Citizen and Goldsmith of London, deceased, for tlife Benefit of the several Rerfons intitled under his Will; and for the better answering and effecting the Intents and Purposes of the same Will; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Trnf- Whitehaven tees for repairing the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the 'Harbour and County of Cumberland, and the Gentlemen, Merchants, Roads*

Masters and Owners of Ships, and of the Freeholders,

Farmers, and Occupiers of Land lying in and near the said Town of Whitehaven-, and of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for repairing and amending the high Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of While-haven; and also of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Egremont to Duddon Bridge,. San ton Bridge,r and Salt house,' in the County of Cumberland; which was presented to the House upon Wednesday the 17th Day of December last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, flight be.again.read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition, except such Part thereof as relates to the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and finders, as therein mentioned, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And they do examine so much of the Matter of the said Petition as is referred to them; and report the fame, as it shall appear to Jfa

them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James LowfJier, Mr. Kynaston,

Sir John Gordon, Mr. Prowse, Sit Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Hamilton, Mr Coventry, Mr. Nortf icy, Sir George Savile, Mr. Martin, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Elliot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. More, Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. Hewett, Sir. William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Trijl,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Smith, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Bolton,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. BaynUin, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Crajier, Mr.

Shafto, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Fellowes,

Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Fane, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Powell, Sir John Wynne, 1 Mr. Hujfey; Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Willy, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Fuller, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Chetwynd, M r. Medlycott, Sir Matthew Lambc, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Whichcot,

Mr Freeman, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Frederick,

Lord Howe, Mr. Hume, Lord Dig by, Mr. Montagu Mr. Wejifaiing', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lancaster, York,

12 T Durham,

Insolvent

Debtors.

Supply.

Ways %ad Means.

Lemon’s

Mates.

1082 so® — 23 0 F’ 1761,

Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account, ftiewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1760 has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 18th Day of February 1761, and the Parts remaining unfa-tisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Efiimate of the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Cloathing of the Part of the said Militia, now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1761, and to make Report thereof to the House, be referred to the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of Pay and Cloathing for the unembodied Militia, for the Year 1761, as the House shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker eft the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to' receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2 30 dieFebruarii; Anno i° Georgii III111 Regis, 1761. Prayers.

COLONEL Bofcawen reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the acting Trustees and Executors of William Lemon Esquire, deceased, to make Leases for Lives, or Years determinable on Deaths, of *7

the Estates in the County of Cornwall, devised by his Will, or purchased in pursuance thereof, respectively, during the Minority of his, Graudfons and Nephews intitled to the fame, for the Time being; and for enabling the said Grandsons and Nephews, when of Age, and the said Trustees, during their Infancy respectively, to make and grant Setts and Leases of Mines, according to the Custom of the Country; was committed; That the Com-r mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-fa6tion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Vilfimfl the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Nat. naturalizing Antlvony ViUion, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill jh at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing an open Morrefcf Common within the Manor and Parish of Morrejby, in inclo(ura the County of Cumberland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing an open Common within the Manor and Parilli of Morrejby, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Shafto do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Palmer reported from the Committee, to whom Fringfod the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and com- lactate* mon Fields in the Parish of Fringford, otherwise Fer-ringford, in the C6unty of Oxford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except William Allom, who is possessed of Two Yrard Lands in the said Field, and refused to sign the Bill, saying, that he thought the Field better as it is; and that the whole Fieldsconfift of Thirty-three Yard Lands and an Half; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directedhim to report to the House; and-he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questioule-verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, allowing an Appeal to the Justices at their Sessions:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, Earl and to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Counter*of Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right {?jg^ honourable William Earl of Dartmouth, and Frances Katherine, Countess of Dartmouth, his Wife, in the City of London and County of MiMleJex, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out she Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now Hand limited; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House,without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at' the Clerk’s Table.

I Geo. III. 23° Februarii. 1083

Then an Amepdment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

Langton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Herring for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Com-Inclosure. mons, and waste Grounds, lying in the Parilkand within the Precincts of the Manor of Langton Herring, in the County of Dorset, without any Amendment: And also,

Eydon The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the common Fields,common Failures, common Meadows, common Grounds, grange Lands, and walle Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parilli of Eydon, in the county of ; Northampton, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Stone, &c. An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the Koau. Road from the Town of Stone to Wordejlty Green Gate, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton, to join the Road leading from Sharejhill to Effnglon Wood, in the County of Stafford, and from the West End of Bil-Jton Street, in Wolverhampton aforesaid, to the High Street in Dudley, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was prpposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 39. L. 27. To leave out cc said Towns," and insert <c Pariilies" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Slone to Wordejley Green Gate, and from the West End of Biljion Street in Wolverhampton, to the High Street, opposite the Old Biifh, in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham, and from, the Market Cross in Wolverhampton, to Cannock, in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick.

Ordered, That. Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Viscount An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bolingbroke's for veiling Part of the settled Estate of Frederick Vif-Estate. count Bolingbroke, in the County of Kent, in Trullees, to be sold, and for settling an Estate in the County of Surrey, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; and for impowering him to fell other Pqrt of the said Kentish Estate for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Keck, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Harley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller, General Cornwallis, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Jenyhs, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Foley, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Hayward, Lord Rojjfon, Mr. Shaft0, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Butler, Mr. Loxvndes, Mr. Montagu, Lord Digby, Mr. Powell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Town-Jhend, Sir George Savile, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fellowes, Sir William Peeve Williams, Mr. Jennings, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Roje Fullery Lord Milton, Mr. Merrick Burrell, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bond, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Vcitch, Mr. Alderman Dick inf on. Sir Matthew Lam he, Mr. Peter Burrell, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Alack-worth, Sir John Barrington, Mr. More, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Butler, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Oimius, Sir, Alexander Giimour, Mr. Chet-ztynd, Sir Kenrick Clayton, Mr. Grenville, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Edward Montagu, Admiral Ojborne, Mr. Colleton, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir George Dalston, Sir John Gordon, Sir :Francis Dash-wood. Sir Robert Long 5 and all the Members who serv.e Vol. 28.

for the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Suffer, and Hilts: And they are to "meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-nine thousand Five hundred and Ten Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards de-fraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part o[Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Cloathing of the Part of the said Militia, now unembodied> for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1761.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Bond, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosingfeveral Commons, common Heaths, and waste Grounds, in the adjoining Manors of East Lulworth and Combe Keynes, in the County of Dorset, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Seven Cotes of Land within the Manor of East Lul-worlh; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed conlilt of Fifty Cotes of Land; and also except the Proprietors of Thirty-live Acres and a Half of Land in the Manor of Combe Keynes; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 223 Acres of Land; and who, being all applied to, refused to lign the Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

The House was moved, That the last of the Resolutions, which were this Day reported from the Con -mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and agreed to by the House, might be again read:

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding 70,000 be " granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards de-" fraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that

Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Cloathing of the Part of the said " Militia, now unembodied, for One Year, beginning " the 25th Day of March 1761."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. John Pitt, \h\ Jennings, and Mr. Charlton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir James Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the

Supply.

Lulworth

Inclosure.

Supply.

Appleby,&c. WJ.

Coinage.

uppljr.

Ways

ftndMeams.

Lul worth loci# fu re.

Appleby,

&c.

Road.

108 'i 342° Februarii. A. 1761.

the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmore-laud, through the! own ship of Orton, to Kirk by Kendall, and from Or/ow to the Turnpike Road near Shop/), and from Highgate, near Teh ay, in a Part of the Highway between Appleby and Kirkby Kendall, through the Town of fif/rfy/ Steven, to the Town of Market Brough, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee %had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BilJ, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Order made this Day, forrefuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Commons, common Heath, and wade Grounds, in the adjoining Manors of East Lulworth and Combe Keynes, in the County of Dorset, was committed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Charlton took theiChair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

> ' '*

The other Orders'of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself iuto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, Thatthis House will, upon Wednesdaj/ Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to,his Majesty.

The Order madethi$ Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establifti ing Articles of Agreement for dividing and indexing several Commons, common Heaths, and waste Grounds, in the adjoining Manors of East Lulworth and Combe Keynes, in the County of Dorset, was committed, after the House lliould have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

the Committee* to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland, through the Township of Or-ton, to Kirkby Kendall, and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near Shapp, and from Ilighgate near Teh ay, in a Part of the Highway between Appleby and Kirkby Kendall through the Town of Kirby Steven, to the Town of Market Brough, in the said County, was committed, into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-gro(Ted.

The Order, madethisDay and postponed, being read; Lulworth

The House proceeded to resume the adjourned Con- Indofuit. ftderation of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establhhing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing leve-ral Commons, common Heaths, and waste Grounds in the adjoining Manors of East Lulworth and Combe Keynes, in the County of Dorset, was committed.

And a Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, impowering the Commissioners to levy, and allowing an Appeal therefrom.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 40 die Februarii;

Anno a* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Pottinger, Treat)-with from the Office of One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, attended at the Door; HeteCaffel

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Hotife, by his Majesty’s Command,

Copy, of the separate Article belonging to the Convention between his late Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejje Cajfel, concluded and tignedHt London, April 1,

1760,*and Translation.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

The. said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section; and the saidTranflation is as foJlowath'; viz.

The Order made this Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland, through the Township of Orton, to Kirkby Kendall, and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near Shapp, and from Highgate, near Teh ay, in a Part of the Highway between Apple-by and Kirkby Kendall, through the Town of Kirby Steven, to the Town of Market Brough, in the said County, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the Order made this Day for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclos-injr several Commons, common Heaths, and vvhfte Grounds, in the adjoining Manors of East Lulworth and Combe Keynes, in the County of Dorset, was committed, being read j - \

The House.prQceeded to take the said RepQrtnfrom

Translation of the separate Article belonging to the Convention between his late Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Cqffel, concluded and signed at London, April 1 ft 1 7(10.

Separate Article.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain engages, in case that, contrary to all Expectation, the Dominions of the Mod Serene Landgrave of Hesse Cajfel should be again invaded and laid under Contribution, to grant to his Most Serene Highness a reasonable Succour in Money, to be settled if the same should exist, and the present separate Article has been made for this Purpose; which shall have the same Force as if it was inserted word for word in the Convention concluded and signed this Day* and shall be ratified in the same Manner.

InvWitness whereof, we the underwritten Ministers of his Majesty the King-of Great Britain, and of his Most f

Serene

i Geo. III. 24* Februar 1085

Serene H ighness the Landgrave of Hefje Cdjfel, by virtue of our respective full Powers, have signed . the present separate Article, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be put thereto. , Done tit London the First of Aprils in the Year 1760.

(L. S,) Holies Neweajlle,

(L. S.) Holdernesse, (L. S.) J. H. Alt.

(L. S.) Hardivicke,

(L. S.) IF. Pitt.

Ordered, That the said Copy and Translation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Norham A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for di-Incloiure, viding and inclosing certain open and common Grounds called Norham Infields, and the Common or Waste called Norham Moor, within the Township of Norham, in the County of Durham, be now read the Third time;

The House was informed, Thatfome Persons attended at the Door, who could satisfy the House, that the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Durham (who, as it is dated in the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, had not been applied to) have no Objection to the Palling of the said Bill.

And one of the said Persons was called in and examined, and produced Evidence, in order to prove that the said Dean and Chapter have no Objection to the Palling of the said Bill.

And then he withdrew.

Then the other of the said Persons was called in and examined, in order to prove the Hand Writing of some of the Prebendaries of the said Cathedral Church.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 15. To leave out " Four," and insert u Six" mftcad thereof; and to leave out " Three " Hood*," and insert " One Rood" instead thereof: L. 16. After " Rood" to insert " and Four-m teen Perches "

L. 12. To leave out " Four" and insert " Six" instead thereof; and after "Acres," to insert "One " Roodand to leave out " Three Roods," and insert " Fourteen Perches" instead thereof:

L. 25. To leave out " Sixteenth, " and insert " Twelfth" instead thereof:

L. 28. Toleave out " Four," and insert " Six" instead thereof; and after " Acres" to insert " One " Rood;" and to leave out " Three Roods" and insert " Fourteen Perches" instead thereof:

L. 30. To leave out " Sixteenth" and insert " Twelfth" instead thereof:

Pr. 6. L. 3. To leave out " Four" and insert " Six" instead thereof; and after " Acres" to insert " One " Roodand to leave out " Three Roods" and insert " Fourteen Perches" instead thereof:

L. 4. To leave out " Sixteenth" and insert " Twelfth" instead thereof:

L. 28. To leave out " Four" and insert"Six" instead thereof; and after " Acres" to insert " One " Rood;" and to leave out "Three Roods"and insert " Fourteen Perches" instead thereof:

L. 29. To leave out "Sixteenth" and insert " Twelfth" instead thereof:

Pr. 7. L. 23. To leave out " Four" and insert " Six" i nstead thereof:

L. 24. After " Acres" to insert " One Rood and to leave out " Three Roods" and insert: " Fourteen " Perches" instead thereof:

L. 25. To leave out " Sixteenth" and insert *4 Twelfth" instead thereof:

L. 28.To leave out Four" and insert " Six" instead thereof; and after " Acres " to insert " One " Roodand to leave out " Three: "

Vox- 28.

L. ig. To ieave out " Roods " and insert " Fourteen Perches" instead thereof; and to leave out " Sixteenth" and insert a Twelfth" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were* upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the'House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly;

Resolved, That the Rill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Grounds called lorham Infields, and the Common or Waste called Norham Moor, within the Town- rv 4

ship of Norham, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Blackett do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Bonnei':

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for tjodwcH*# felling divers Lands and Hereditaments in the City of London, and in the Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Buckingham, and Somerset, devised by the Will of Sir Williani Dodwell Knight, deceased, and purchased in pursuance thereof, respectively; and for laying oyt the Moijey arising by such Sale in purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments in or near the County of Gloucester, to be settled in lieu thereof to the Uses of the said Will: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House4

And then the Messengers withdrew

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Cointgfe, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the Duties for the Encouragement of the Coinage of Money, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directetf him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the.Lords, intituled, An Act Lemon*« for enabling the aftingTrustees and Executors of Wil- Estate* liam Z,em07i Esquire,deceased, to make Leases for Lives, or Years determinable on Deaths, of the Estates in the County of Cornwall, devised by his Will, or purchased in pursuance thereof, respectively, during the Minority of his Grandsons and Nephews intitled to the fame, for the Time being: and for enabling the said Grandsons and Nephews, when of Age, and the said Trusteesduring their Infancy respectively, to make and grant Sets and Leases of Mines, according to the Custom of the Country; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel Bofcawen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming and estabjishing Lni*0rtb Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Inclosure-Commons, common Heaths, and waste Grounds, in the adjoining Manors of East Lidworth and Combe Keynes, in the County of Dorset, was read the Third tiirie.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title, be, An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Commons,

Common Heaths, and waste Grounds, in the adjoining Manors of East Lulworth and Combe Keynes, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Bond do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Fringfoni open and common Fields, in the Parish of Fringford, Inoltsure, 12 U oflierwifo

ig86

24*- 25®

A- 1

otherwise FcrViiigfofd, in the Cotinty of Oxford, was read the Thircl time,

Rejidvtd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing andincldfing certain open and cOmtaori Fields in the Parish of Frinpjbt'd} otherwise Ferringford, in the County of Oxford.

Offered, That Mr. Palmer,dt> catry the Bill to Che . Lords, anil desire their Concurrence.

Earl and An iogrbflei Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Counted of for vexing Part of the settled Mates of the Right I10-Enourable William Earl, of Parimotkli; 2Li\d Frances Ka-a<*‘ (herinc, Coimtefs of Dartmouth, his Wife, in the City

of London and County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Piirchafe oF other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now fiand limited; was read the Third time.

HejbkecL That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunl Ao carry the Bill to the Lords* and acquaint them* Thai this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Morse^ . An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling and settling the real and personal Estate of John XPfrfe, late Citizen qnd Goicfsmith of London, deceased, for the Benefit of the several persons in titled under his Will; and for the better answering and effecting the Intents and Purposes of the fame. Will; was read a.Secqmf time.

Refilved, Tiidt tfye piH be committed to Air. Cooke, Mr. Saudys, Sir George Savile, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Jplm Pitt, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Bondi Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Lord XL- Bayntnii, Sir Lionel Pjlkinglon, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Philips, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hay-xp/drd7 Mr. CartwrisJU, Mr Tucker, Sir Francis Poole? Mr. iFarvey, Mr. Crejweil, 'Mr. Foley9 Mr. Chetivynd, Mr- Btcbh, Mr. Crajter, Mjr, Burrell, Mr. Coventry, Mr. More, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Smithy Mr. Wilkinson, Mr, PdhherS\X Phobias Palmer, MV. Alderman Dickin-foH, Sir John Pkilippp, Mr. Butler, Sir William irby, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Thornton, Sir Richard Glynne, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Watson, Mr. Affleck, Lord, Aar///; Mr. Hx^mmond, Mr. Evelyn, M,v. Barrow, Mr. York, M \'Pole, Mr. Ulpmis, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr Qjioald, Mr. Trifi, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Stin niton. Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Samuel Martin, Sir William Peere Williams, Mr. Fclloives, Mv. Hewelt y and all the Xlembers who serve for the City of London; and the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Bucks, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Miliii.i Mr. John Pitt, presented to the House, according to Pay and Order; a Bill for applying the Aldtiey granted in :this Clothing. Session of Parliament, towards defraying flie Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that P^rt 6f'Great Britain called England, When tinetribbdied, and bfthe Clothing of the P^rt of tftefhid Militia, now unembodied, for One Year, 'beginning the 2.5th Day of Mardi 1761; And the same was received; and read the First time.

' Resolved, That the Bill bb read h* Second tirtie.

Podwdi’* An ingrossed Bill from the' Lords, hitiftrled, An Act Estates. for felling divers Lands and Hereditaments in the City of London, and in the Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Buckingham, and S<merjet, devrfed by the Will of Sir Wittfqtn Dodwell Knight, decea^d, and purchased in pursuance thereof respectively; and for laying Ortt;the Money artfrtig by finch Sale in purchasing other Land^ and Hereditaments in Of near the County of Ghueefter, to be settled in lieu thereof to the Uses of the said Will; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read aSecdiid tithe.

v - . And then the Houseudjoushed tiffTo-rtiorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Afcrcurii2 5* di;

Anno i* Georgii IIIl,i Reg*s> 1761,

P tC a'V e n $.

IV fi R.Kynafon reported from the Committee, to i\X wlwm the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A6i for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Moors, Commons, and waite Grounds, called Pool Co?nmon, 'in the Alanors of Lanvercliidol and Sirct Marcel, otherwise Street Marshall, in the Parishes of Pool and Guilsfield, in the County of Montgomery, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Partiesoota:erned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and m^de several Ametfdurefrts thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plate; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment^ in at the Clerks Table; Where the Amendments were read; and a-re as folio wet h; viz., Pr. 3. L. 3a. After " divided" insert Clause " A.M

Clause "A."

" Provided always, and it is hereby Enabled and Dedared. That the said Commissioners or the Survivors or Survivor, or any Three or more of them, shall and " may, and they are hereby authorized and required

" tofet out and appoint such Ways and Roads in, upon, . " over, and through, the said Aloor and Common,.fq " to be inclosed as aforesaid, to be used as well for pubr cC lie Highways or Roads, as for the Benefit and Gon-<c yenience ofth? Owners a>nd Occupiers of Lands and " Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining to thp said " Aloor and Common, or any Part thereof, as to, the " said Comnatftihuers or the Survivors pr Survivor of " them* or any Three of them, shall seem requisite and " expedienl., , -;

Pr» 4. L. 39. After ^Allotment’* insert "..andaDer <c foription of such W^ys and Roads so to be set out " and appointed /'

Pr, 5. L. 16. Leave out ua«d " and insert a or f L. 39, 40. Leave out..." and the Pr. 6. L» 8k Attlie End of the Line insert.Clauses Bf G," aftd *' Of

Clause * B.’*

" And whereas the said Bailiffs,.Aldermen, and Bur-<c geffefe, of the said Borough of Pool, for the Time being, may have Occasion to borrow Alqn’ey to pay " and defray their respect ive Shares and Proportions of " the Charges and Expences attending such Divisioqand €( Inclosure, and the ob'tafining and pajiag this Act, and, " for build ing,-repairing, beautifying, or enlacgkig, die public Edifices belonging to the said Borough and " Corporation, Be it therefore further &iafte4 by the. w Authority tiforeftiid, That it lhajil and fmay be lawful " to and for the said Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Burgeifes,

" Of the said‘Borough of Poole, for the Time being,ao cc charge the Lands 4iud Grounds, which shall beaf-c< figOedand allottedto them by.virtue$:nd in pursuance €t of this Act, with any Sum or Sums oif M^nqy not cc eeeding Three Pounds for every Acre of the Lands " and Grounds to be allotted to thefn, in order to fee " applied and disposed of for the Purposes aforetneution^ ed; and for the securing the Repayment of thefftid Sum or Sums of Money, with IrUereft for . the fame, " to grant, mortgage, lease, and demise* the Lunds ?nd Gtounds so to be charged, unto such Person or Pferfons as fhalLadvanqe and lend the famereipedively, for any Termer Number of Years,\fo as.such Grant or Demise be made with a Prqviso or. Condition to " cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be " surrendered, when such Sum or Sums of Afoney " thereby to be secured, with the Interest thereof, and €( tlte Charges oceafioUqd by the preparing and exe-ts cuting such Security, and of borrowing such Sumflhd M Sums of Money respectively,‘fliali befully satisfied^nd paid, such Charges to be asce^tainedi!lfuchSecurifcy.,

22 Clause

Fool

Inclosure.

&ecUIL

25

4<

ft

Xf

ft

I "

Clause <4 C "

» hereby further Enacted and Declared, T^teyery.such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, otfche laid Grounds, Lands, and Preinifes, or any

L* so 10 made in pursuance of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual, in the Law, for the Purposes thereby intended; notwithstanding any: L le or 1 rilft of or concerning such Grounds, Lands, and Irennies, or any Part thereof, then in being or capable of taking Efteft to the contrary "

- Clause D."

And it is hereby farther Enacted and Declared, by ujo Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Porfnras, to whom any such Grant, Mortgage, ijueafo, or DJemife, shall be made as a Security for any Sam' or Sums of Money, by him, her, or them, lent and advanced oh the Credit of, fend for the Purposes mentioned in, this Act, or who shall, for the Time beingj.be in titled to the Money thereby to be secured, shall and may, ffbm time to time, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under his, her, or their, Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, alFign or transfer the said Security ot Securities, or the ^principal Money and interest; thereby secured, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all his, her, and their Right, Title, and interest, in and to the fame, unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, who may again, in like Manner, assign the fame, and so toties \qitotiss } and such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Afffignee or Affiguees, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators, and all other Persons claiming under them or any of them, shall and may use, take, and pursue, all such lawful Methods, in Law or Equity, for recovering and obtaining Possession of the Premises so to be mortgaged, demised, or assigned, in case of the Non-payment of the said principals Money and Interest to pe thereby secured, or any Part thereof as is or are used, taken, and pursued, in all Cases of the like Nature: Provided always’’

Pr. 64 L. 17. After " Persons" insert " that shall or may be willing, at his or their own Charges or Expences, to inclose and divide the fame, or to any other Person or Persons:"

L. 37. After u aforesaid" insert Glaufes E*and.-«F"

Clause " E." u Provided nevertheless, and be it further Ena6ted, That all and every the Lease or Leases, that shall first made and granted by the said Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Pool as aforesaid, and also all such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, and De*-raise, by them to be made, for securing the Repayment Of any Sum or Sums of Money to be by them Arrowed for the Purposes aforesaid by virtueor in pursuance of this present Act, shall be so made by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Com.. mfomers or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or any Three or more of them, testified by their befog made Parties to and executing the same respectively."

Clause " F."

« And be it further Enafied, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Commissioners herein before named, or any new Commissioners to be appointed in their or any of their Stead, shall happen to die or ;refafe to act, then and so often it shall and may be lawful to and for the other Commissioners, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to elect and appoint another Commissioneror Commissioners, not mterefted i« the said Moor, Common, and waste Grounds, intended to be divided-and inclosed as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, in the room and fteadof the Cem-mifSoner and Commissioners so dying or refusing to aft as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons so elected and appointed shall have the like Powers and Authorities, by virtue of this as the Commissioner

Vox- 28.

mm?

£}i.v ."js22 *5^1*'

1088

2 50 Februarii

A. 1161*

A^kcltleby

Inciosure.

Anfty Joe lo fare.

neffey iii the Coanty of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, "and found the same to be true 3 and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of One hundred and Twenty Acres and Three Quarters of Land, and Twelve Bead Gates, and Three Quarters of a Beall Gate; and that the whole Number of Acres of Land in the said Fields intended to be inclosed, consist of 1,863 Acres and 239 Bead Gates; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

And the House being informed. That no Counsel attended;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

]Mr.FredcrickMontagu reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Abkettleby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Housei; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Qartzvright Tepovted from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields of Anfy, in the County of ljeiceficry was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Five Persons; who having been applied to, refused to sign the Bill, and whose Property in the said Tields consists of One Yard Land, and Three Quarters and Half a Quarter of Laud, and also of One Acre and Three Roods-of Land; and that the whole Fields to be inclosed contain Forty-four Yard Lands and Three Quarters, and of Seven Acres and Three Roods of Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in fit the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Whitebaven Harbour and Rank.

Sir Janies Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom Part of the Petition of the Trusteos for repairing the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and the Gentlemen, Merchants, Matters and Owners of Ships, and of the Freeholders, Farmers, and Occupiers of Laud, lying in and near the said Town of JYhitchaveni

and of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act; made in the 13H1 Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of her late Majesty Q11 ecu Anne, for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland: and for repairing and amending the high Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven; and also of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Egremont to Duddon Bridge, Sant on Bridge, and Salt house, in the County of Cumberland; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter o( such Part of the said Petition as was referred to them; and had directed him to repost the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Agent for the Petitioners produced an Act, of the 7th}Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, whereby it appeared, that certain Duties upon Coals and other Goods, and upon Shipping, were granted, for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven; which were further continued by an Act, of the 10th Yrear of her said Majesty’s Reign:

And likewise an Act, of the 13th Y’ear of King George the Second: whereby the said Duties are further continued, from the loth of April 1740, for the Term of 21 Years; which Term expires on the 10th of April 1761: But a Moiety of the said Duties uponTonnageof Ships and Vessels arc to continue for ever, to be applied for the Preservation of the said Harbour of Whitehaven: And Power was given in the said Act to borrow Money upon the Credit of the Duties thereby granted, to be applied for those Purposes.

Then, in order to prove the Improvements made in the said Harbour, in pursuance of the Act of the 13th of his late Majesty,

Peter John Hayward Esquire, produced to your Committee, a Plan of the present Harbour; which contains the Works already done, and those proposed to be further added in Consequepce of the present Application to Parliament; by which, and also by an Account produced by him to your Committee, and signed by the Accountant to the said Harbour, it appeared, that the Sum of £.26,117 6^. o\d. had been expended in improving the said Harbour, and in paying the Interest of the Money borrowed for that Purpose, since the Commencement of the said Act of the 13th of his late Majesty; and by another Account, likewise produced by him, it also appeared, That the Sum of £. 2,970 now remains due upon the Credit of the said Harbour Duties; which Duties, as appeared by another Account likewise produced to your Committee, amounted at an Average, ftnee the Commencement of the late Act, to about £. 1,159 /*r Annum.

Then the Witness proceeded to explain to your Committee the Nature and Conveniency of the Extension of the said Harbour, and of the new Works proposed to be erected in Consequence thereof; and said, That if the said Harbour was extended, and a new* Mole erected on the North-east Side thereof, it would prevent the Roughness of the Sea caused by a North*weft Wind, which renders the said Harbour dangerous and incommodious, and would likewise facilitate the Ingress and| Egress of Ships, which in a North-weft Wind can feldora get out of the Harbour, which they might easily do if the proposed Mole was ere5ted% -J

Which Evidence of ML Hayzvard was severally coi firmed by'M.r.JohnKelfwick and Mr. William Sfojroi Who both declared, They were perfectly acquainted wil the said Harbour of Whitehaven: And they fever; ‘ added, that if the said additional Works were made,

i Geo. III. 25* — %66 Feb to8c

said Harbour would admit Vessels of greater Burthen* of the said Road from Whiuhouse, over Workington Moot, be a further Security to the Navigation of those Seas* to Distington, through the Moor Fields, to Htin day Gate, and of greater Utility to the Public. leading to Workington; which several Roads are in a

Then the said Act of the 7th of Queen Anne being ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the Laws again readmit appeared,that several Duties were granted in being; and that, if the same were repaired, it would

thereby upon several Goods in the said Act particularly enumerated; but that no mention was therein made of the several Species of Goods following; viz. Rice, Log-wood,. Deer Skins, and Battery: And,

Mr. Hayzvard, being examined, informed your Committee, That great Quantities of those Commodities are at this Time annually imported at Whitehaven:

And by the said Act it further appeared, That Ships driven into the said Harbour by Stress of Weather are only subjected to pay One Fourth Part of the Duties thereby laid upon other Shipping: And,

Mr. Haijzvard further informed your Committee, That Ships under those Circumstances very often flay in the Harbour a long Time; and, as they frequently have received Damage* it becomes necessary to station them in the most secure and convenient Places, which they occupy for One Fourth Part of the Expence which is laid upon other Shipping, which neither enjoy such convenient Births, nor receive so much Benefit from the Use of the said Harbour:

That the additional Works will be very expensive, and Will necessarily. require an Increase of the said Harbour Duties on Tonnage of Shipping and Goods:

That there is a small Rivulet, called the Poe, which runs t hrough the Market Place of the Town of White-haven into the said Harbour, which at present is very detrimental thereto; For though all Persons are by the said Acts prohibited from throwing any Filth, Rubbish, or other Things, into the said Harbour* yet they constantly do it into the said Rivulet, and it is waihed dowrn into the said Harbour, to the great Detriment thereof; and that if the Trustees of the said Harbour were im-povverea to cover the said Rivulet, and to open, widen* deepen or pen up, the fame, it might be made very useful in cleaning the said Harbour from Filth and Rubbish, which in its present Situation it contributes to bring into the fame;

That there is likeWife another small Rivulet* called Branjly Beck, which at prefect runs just without the intended Limits of the Harbour; which, if turned into the Harbour, would be useful for the same Purpose: And that it is of the utmost Consequence to keep the said Harbour clear from Rubbish, Ballast, and other Obstructions.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Keswick and Mr. Skyron.

Then your Committee proceeded to examine that Part of the Petition which relates to the repairing the Roads therein mentioned.

And Mr. Hayzvard produced to your Committee, an Account, which he said he had taken from the Accounts of the Trustees, whereby it appeared, that the Sum of jf-575 remains due upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act of the 13th of his late Majesty for repairing the Roads therein mentioned,

Then an Act, pasted in the 23d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading from Eggre-mont to Dudden Bridge, Santon Bridge, and Salthonfe, in the County of Cumberland, was produced to your Committee, and read: And,

Mr. Hayward informed your Committee, That the Trustees appointed by the said last mentioned Act had found it>impracticable to repair that Part of the Road directed to be repaired by the said Act, which lies between Calder Bridge and Eggremont; which is at present very ruinous, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the same is a Road much frequented, being the great London Road; and, if it could be repaired, would be of public Utility:

That he knows the several Roads leading from Whitehaven to Eggremont at Scragill* and from thence by Keekle to Weddikcr-Rigg, and also the Road leading out *- VoL* 284

be a great Benefit to the Country.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Felf wick and Mr. Skyron.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain* amend, and render more effectual, and for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, pasted in the 13th Year of King George the Second, intituled, " Art

Act for making more dfeftual Two Acts of Parlia*

" ment, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of herl " late Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving and enlarge " ing the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of " Cumberland; and for repairing and amending the high " Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of " Whitehaven f and for further enlarging the said Harbour of Whitehaven; and for repealing so much of an Act, pasted in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, u An Act for*

" repairing and widening the Roads leading from Egremont to Dudden Bridge, Santon Bridge, and Salthonfe*

<c in the County of Cumberlandas relates to the Road from Calder Bridge to Egremont; and for putting the said Road under the Power of the Trustees for putting in Execution the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second; and also for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road from Scrag-hill, by Keekle, to Wcddiker-rig, and also the Road from the Road leading from Distington to Harrington, from the Corner of a Close belonging to Ben jamin Cro/fthivayte* through the Moor Fields to Iiunday Gate, in the said County of Cumberland: And that Si r James Lore flier and Sir John Pennington do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will* upon Friday Mom- Suppl/J ing next* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Motti* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty*

And then the House adjourned till To-rilorrO\t Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JoviS) 26° die Februariii

Anno iQ Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1761.

P it a Ye r a,

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Rennet and Mr. Ddval t Mr. Speaker*

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for felling a Messuage and Lands in Waddon, in the County Eflat of Bucks, settled by the late Brown Willis Esquire, on the Marriage of his Son; and for purchasing another Ellate in lieu thereof, to be settled to the same Uses:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also*

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for clarke's, fee; felling divers Lands and Hereditaments in London, Estates* Middlesex, Surrey, Berkshire* and Northamptonshire, devised by the Wills of Bartholomew Clarke and Hitch Younge, Esquires; and for laying out the Money arifm$ by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments* to be settled in lieu thereof to the Uses of the said Wills respectively; To which the Lords desire' the Concurrence of this House*

And then the Messengers withdrew

ia X Ad

— ....

Andy

Inclosure.

Clarke’s, &c. Estates.

Whitehaven Harbour and Roads.

Villion's ' Nat.

Gatherly Moor Roads.

IO9O

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the common and bpen Fields of Anflyjm the County of Leicester, ivas read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common and bpen Fields of Anfiy, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr* Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling divers Lands and Hereditaments in London, Middlesex, Survey, Berkshire., and Northamptonshire, devised by the Wills of Bartholomew Clarke and Hitch Younge, Esquires; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purclmfe of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the Uses of the said Wills rei'peftively; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the* Bill be read a Second time.

Sir James Lozvther presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and for enlarging the Term and Powers of, an Act, passed in the 13th Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for making more effectual " Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and <c Tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for " preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven,

<c in the County of Cumberland; and for repairing and " amending the high Roads leading to the said Harbour " arid Town of Whitehavenand for further enlarging the said Harbour of Whitehaven; and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading " from Egremont to Dudden Bridge, San ton Bridge, and " Salt house, in the County of Cumberland," as relates to the Road from Calder Bridge to Egremont; and for putting the said Road under the Power of the Trustees for putting in Execution the said Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second 5 and also for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road from Scraghill, by Keeklc to Weddiker-rig, and also the Road from the Road leading from Dislington to Harrington, from the Corner of a Close belonging to Benjamin Crofsthzvayte, through the Moor Fields, to Hun-day Gate, in the said County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for natural\z\x\g Anthony Villion, was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this Hodfehath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making, amending, widening, turning, and repairing, the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherly Moor, near Didderjly Hill, to and through the Town of Caldwell, in the County of York, and from thence to and through the Tow# of Winsion, in the Countj^of Durham, to the Town of Staindrop, in the said County; and also from the said Turnpike Road, near Smallways, to and through the Town of Hutton Long Fillers, in the said County of York, and from thence to and through the Town of Ovington to the Ford across the Ptiver Tees, to the Town of Winston, in the said County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the River Tees at or near Winston Ford; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirefted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then

A. 1761.

a Second time, one by one; and Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Duties for En- Coinage couragement of the Coinage of Money, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Duties for Encourageriient of the Coinage of Money.

Ort/mv/, That Mr. William Chetwynd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 270 dieF;

Anno i° Georgii IlItU Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act WitiiA jl\. for felling a Messuage and Lands in Whaddon, in the County of Bucks, settled by the late Brown Willis Esquire, on the Marriage of his Son; and for purchasing another Estate in lieu thereof, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Abkettleby. and common Fields of Abkettleby, in the County of Lei- heiofurej cester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, was read the Third time,

Resolved., That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Abkettleby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Mountagu do carry tire Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for applying the Money granted, in this Session Militia of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay f1* of the Militia, of that Part of Great Britain called Eng- io os* land, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1761* was read a Second time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Vanfiltart reported from the Committee, to whom Walter’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate-vetting the Plantation and Eltate of John Walter Esquire, and Newton his Wife, late'Neudon Walker Spiniter, in the Island of Barbadoes, in Trustees, for railing Money, to be applied in purchasing of Stock; and for other Purposes for the Improvement of the same Plantation and Estate; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to White whom the Bill for repaiiing and amending the Road lead- 10 ing from White Cross, in the Parish of Leven, in Holder-nejje, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the said County, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several . Amendments

2(5° — iffehrmrii.

1

I Geo. lit. 2 7b Februiirii. — P Martii. ioo i

Amendments thereunto £ which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Insolvent An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors

Dc tors. was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pn 37. Li 20. To leave out <c or shall refuse to " shew, on reasonable Request made to him, the Sclie-<c dule left with him by ariy such Debtor or Debtors, " or thail refuse to give a Copy thereof, On being paid " for the fttme at the Rate albresaid."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That A?r. Hume do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dartford,&.;. Sir Windham Knatchbidl reported from the Com-Koads. mittee, to whom the Bill for rendering more effectual several Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the Eleventh Year of his Jate Majesty King George the First, and in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, For enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road from Dartford to Northfieet and Gravesend, and from Gravefind to Chalky and from Norlhfect to Chalk, and from thence to the Stones End, near the Parish Church of Stroll, in the County of Kent, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fotmd the fame: to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards ^delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty*

Ways Resolved, Thathis House will, upon Monday Alorri-stod Mean*, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply grauted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 20 die Martii;

Anno i° Georgii IIP" Regis, ij6t.

PraVers;

AMcertleby ORDERED, That Mr. Sandys do carry to the Lords Incloiurc. the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Abkettlcby, in the County of Lei-refer, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Voi,. 28/

A Med age front <the Lords, by ML Ldxvdrds and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed & Bill, intituled, An Act for WillimWi Veiling the settled Estate of John Williams Esquire, in the County of E/Jex, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Money to discharge Incumbrances; and laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of* Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate: To which the Loids desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read th'fe Firfltime.

Resolved'y That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That tile proper Officers do lay before this iviiiifia House; an Account of the Monies granted for the Pay and Clothitigi and Clothing of the unembodied Militia, from the 31st of December 1758, to the 25th of March 1760, and which remained uniffued at the Exchequer on the 5th of January lassi

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Clarke’s, for fellingdivers Lands and Hereditaments in London, Efatea. Middlesex, Surrey, Berk/hirc and Northamptonfiire, devised by the Wills of Bartholomew Clarke and Hitch Younge Esquires; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purcjiafe of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the Uses of the said Wills respectively; was road a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Long, Mr. Kynafon, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Hume,

Sir Armine Wndehqife, Mr. Proufe, Sir John Cufi, Mn Hewett, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Alderman Dickinfoti

Mr. Coventry, Mr. More, Mr. Cartwright, M}\ Sandys,

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Foley, Sir Wyndham Knatchbidl Wyndham, Air; Fcllozves, Air.

Whitworth, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Brand, Mr.

Chariton, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Gore, Mr. Se/wyn, Air.

Vyner, Air Townfnend, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Jennings, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Medlycalt. Sir Roger Newdigate

Air. Bathuif, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Anjou, Lord VillierSj Air;

Fanjhaxv, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bailer, Sir Thomas Robin/bn, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Grenville,

Air. Oswald; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Berks, Northampton, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Potii for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Moors, Corn- Tacloiorc; mons, and waste Grounds, called Pool Common, in the Manors of Lanverchidol, and Sfret Marcel, other wise Street Marshall, in the Parishes of Pool and Gu its field, in the County of Montgomery, was read/ the Third time.

Rcjblved, That the Bill, With the Amendrrienfs, dti

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Kyhafcn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments: Td which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The House was moved, That Part of an Act, made preservatmrt in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King bf Gan.e in George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Scotland. Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Preservation of the Gfcme in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing Part of an Act, passed in the 24U1 YYtir of the Reign of his late Majesty, for; the better Preservation of lire Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Air. Oswald, Mr. Pryje Campbell, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare,- and bring in,* the

Morse'i

Estate.

Walter’s

filiate.

Heflington

Inclosure.

podwell’t

Estates.

109a

26 Martii* A. 1761.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie, Mr. Grove, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Oxford, and Warwick, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for veftingand felling the real and personal Ellate of John Morse, late Citizen and Goldsmith of London, deceased, for the Benefit of the several Persons intitled under his Will; and for the better answering and effecting the Intents and Purposes of the same Will; is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Plantation and Estate of John Walter Esquire, and Nexvton his Wife, late Newton Walker Spinfler, in the Island of Barbadoes, in Trustees, for railing Money to be applied in purchasing of Stock; and for other Purposes, for the Improvement of the same Plantation and Ellate; was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That the House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Motion being made, that the ingrossed Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing common or Walle Ground, within the Manor or Lordship of Heflington, in the County of York, be now read the Third time;

The House was informed, That a Person attended at the Door, who could satisfy the House, that the Parties who, as appears by the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, did not give their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the' said Committee,have since consented to the said Bill.

And the said Person was called in, and examined; and produced to the House, Copies of the said Bill, signed by the said Parties, signifying their Consent to the said Bill.

And then fie withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing common or wade Ground within the Manor or Lordship of Heflington, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the City of London, and in the Counties of Middlefe:r, Kent, Buckingham, and Somerset, devised by the Will of Sir William Dodwell Knight, deceased, and purchased in pursuance thereof respectively; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments in or near the County of Gloucester, to be settled in lieu thereof to the Uses of the said Will; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrow, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fellowes9 Sir Armine Wodehonfe, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Buller, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chelztynd, Mr. Anson, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Harvey3 Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Cust, M,r. Jennings, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Northey, Lord Dig by y Mr. Probyn, Sir George Savile9 Mr. Harley, Doctor Hay, Mr. Moore, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. More, Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, General Stanwix, Mr. Courtenay, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Sr Thomas Robinson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Middlesex, Kent, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, $nd for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed 14

in the 13th Year of King George the Second, intituled, Whitehaven " An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Par- Har«OUj aft<*

" liament, passed in the 7th and 10th Years of her late

" Majesty Queen Anne, for preferring and enlarging " the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland-y and for repairing and amending the high cc Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of " Whitehaven ft and for further enlarging the said Harbour of Whitehaven; and for repealing lo much of an Act, passed in the 23d \rear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

<c An Act for repairing and widening the Rogds u leading from Egremont to Dudden Bridge, Sunton " Bridge, and Sulthouse, in the County of Cumberland ft as relates to the Road from Colder Bridge to Egremont, and for putting the said Road under the Power of the Trustees for putting in Execution the said Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second; and also for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road from Sc rag hill, by Keekle, to Weddiker-rig, and also the Road from the Road leading from Distingtoii to Harrington, from the Corner of a Close belonging to Benjamin Crofflhwayte; through the Moor Fields, to Hunday Gate, in the said County of Cumberland; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Stamcix, Mr. Kynaston, Sir James Lozvlher, Mr. Chestier, Sir Charles Aiordaunt, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Vernon, Air.

Fellowcs, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gajhry,

Mr. Medlycolt, Sir George Savile, Mr. Honywood, Air.

Clayton, Mr. Buller, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Hervey,

Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fane, Lord Howe, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Oswald,

Air. Mpre, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Brand, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Air.

Nor they. Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Selwyn, Sir John'

Cujt, Mr. Hanger, Lord Digby, Mr. Anson, Doctor Hay, Mr. Fonereau, Lord John Cavendijk, Mr. Coventry. Sir Matthew Lamb, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Campbell*

Mr. Gvofvenor; and all the Members who serve for; the Counties of Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lancaster*

Xork, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet, this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Milm# resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* Pay and upmi the Bill for applying the Money granted, in C!o*hiafr this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia, of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Cloathing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1761:

Resolved, That this House will* To-morfow Alorn-ing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Alorning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Pay being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ways whole House, to conficler further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Air. Speakerleft the Chair.

Air. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. West reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. West also acquainted the House, That he was* directed by the Committee to more, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved,

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

i Geo. III. 20 — 30

Resolved, That. this House will,upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Mcirtis, 30 die Martii;

Anno i* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1761. Prayer s.

AMESSAGE from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America:

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant unto George Keith, late Earl Mareschal, a Sum therein limited out of the Principal Money and Interest now remaining due to the Public, on Account of the Purchase Money ofcertain Parts of the forfeited Estates of the said late Earl:

An Act for extending an Act, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable on Tallow imported from Ireland, to Hogs Lard and Grease.

An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for -other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militra, and others, who have omitted to register, or to deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes:

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, concerning the Qualification of Justices of the Peace; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to extend the Provisions relating to the Holding of Courts Martial, and to the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies, contained in the Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and for the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies, or at the Island of Saint Helena; to the said Company’s Settlement of Fort Marlborough, and to such other principal Settlements wherein the said Company may be hereafter impowered to hold Courts of Judicature:

An Act for enlightening the Streets within the Citycf Exeter, and Suburbs thereof:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Aujlell, and LojlwithieI, and from thence to the East End of the Wefiern TaphouseLane, in the said County:

An Act for making, widening, and repairing, a Road from the North-East Side of the Gof veil Street Road next Vol. 28.

Martii. 1093

Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and near to the Road, called the New Road, over the Fields and Grounds to Old Street Road, opposite to the Doghouse Bar, and at and from the Doghouse Bar to the End of Chifioell Street, by the Artillery Ground:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of Wejl Taphouse Lane, to the Borough of Lijkeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House; and also the Road from the said Borough of Lijkeard to Craft-hole, and from thence to Crimble Paffiige and Tar Point, and from Crafthole aforesaid, to Saint Germans Beacon, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gazobridge to Tinlin-hull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford to Cartgate, in Mar lock, in the County of Somerset.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Cricklcy Hill:

An Act for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorn Gumbald, to Pattrington Creek or Haven, and from the Guide Post in Whiestead to Frod- ingham Gate, in or near Widozv Brant on's Farm, in the County of York; and for scouring and cleansing the said Creek or Haven:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Fisher ton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the TurnpikeRoad at the West End of Ileytesbury, and also the Road from the Turn pike Road, at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of Urfifont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fisher ton Street, in the County of Wills:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Travellers Rest, in the Parish of Ashburton, to Newton Bufiel, and from thence to For die's otherwise Forger's Cross, in the Parish of Highzveek, in the County, of Devon:

An Act for discontinuing the Use of a Road in the Parish of Great Packington, in the County of Wane irk; and for preventing the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Stone Bridge to Castle Bromwich, from erecting a Gate or Turnpike between Stone Bridge and the Place where the Road turns off’to Colejhill, in the County of Warzcick: An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York:

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, am0nd, and render more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads leading to the City of Bath, and for amending-several other Roads near the said City, as directs the laying out a new Road from the Bridge at Bath to Rush Hill:

An Act for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Ilelston, and Ma-razion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred feet to the West ward of the said River and Bridge:

An Act for the dividing and inclosing the open arable Lands, and the open meadow, pallure, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Rearsby, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common or walte Ground, and other common-able Places, in the Parish of Hinton, otherwise Ilinton Walrish, in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Asfordby, in the Count v of Leicester:

12 Y Au

iop4

Martii.

Royal Assent to Bills.

The King's

Speech; Judges CommilHons, &c.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields and common Meadows, and a common Hill called Snozvjhill Hill, lying within the Manor of Snows -kill, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Parish, Township, and Liberties, of Morton Pinkney, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Commons, and wade Grounds, lying in the Parish, and within the Precincts of the Manor ot' Lang ton Herrings in the County of DorJ'et:

An Act for dividing and inclosmgthecommon Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows,common Grounds, grange Lands, and waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Eydon, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for the dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields in the Hamlet of Pailton, in the Parish of Monks Kirby, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right honourable William Earl of Dartmouth, and Frances Katherine y Countess of Dartmouth, his Wife, in the City of London and County of Middlesexr, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now stand limited:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of William Thornton, Esquire, in the County of York, in him, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Uses of his Marriage Settlement *, and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses:

An Act to enable Capel Hanbury Esquire, and George Hanbury Esquire, for themselves and their respective Issue Male, to make an Exchange of their settled Estates ill the County of Monmouth; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for rendering effectual an Agreement for making a Partition of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Leicester, late the Estates of James Sherard, Doctor of Physic, and Robert Freeman Gentleman, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for enabling the acting Trustees and Executors of William Lemon Esquire, deceased, to make Leases for Lives, or Years determinable on Deaths, of the Estates, in the County of Comically devised by his Will, or purchased in pursuance thereof, respectively, during the Minority of his Grandsons and Nephews intitled to the fame, for the Time being; and for enabling the said Grandsons arid Nephews, when of Age, and the said Trustees, during their Infancy, respectively, to make and grant Setts and Leases of Mines, according to the Custom of the Country

An Act for confirming and establishingan Exchange of Lands agreed to be made between Charles Tiidw&y Esquire and the Archdeacon of Wells, in the County of Somerset:

An Act to enable the Restor of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, and his Successors, to grant a Lease or Leases of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory: An Act for naturalizing Frederick Rafch and John Roger Siebel:

An Act for naturalizing Jan Turner and August Gotlieb Piefchel:

An Act for naturalizing Conjlanlia Hampden, Wife of Robert Hampden Esquire:

An Act for naturalizing Benjamin Maifonneuve:

An Act for naturalizing Nicholas The and:

An Act for naturalizing Simon Bar ally:

An Act for naturalizing Anthony Villion.

Mr. Speaker also reported, That his Majesty was afterwards pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament*; of which, Mr. Speaker laid, he had, to prevent Mistakes obtained a

x7

Copy: Which he read to the loweth; viz*

A. 1761.

House; and is as fol-

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Upon granting new Commissions to the Judges, the present State of their Offices fell naturally under Consideration.

In consequence of the Act, passed in the Reign of my late glorious Predecessor King William the Third, for settling the Succession of the Crown in my Family, their Commissions have been made during their good Behaviour; but, notwithstanding that wife Provision, their Offices have determined upon the Demise of the Crown, or at the Expiration of Six Months afterwards, in every Instance of that Nature which has happened.

I look upon the Independency and Uprigbtness of the Judges of the Land as essential to the impartial Administration of Justice, as one of the bed Securities to the Rights and Liberties of my loving Subjects, and as nnofi conducive to the Honour of the Crown; and I come now to recommend this interetling Object to the Consideration of Parliament, in order that such farther Provision may be made, for Securing the Judges in the Enjoyment of their Offices, during their good Behaviour, notwithstanding any such Demise, as shall be most expedient.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I mull desire you in particular, that I may be enabled to grant and establish upon the Judges such Salaries as I shall think proper, so as to be absolutely secured to them during the Continuance of their Commissious.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have nothing to add but my Thanks for the great Unanimity and Application with which you have hitherto carried on the public Business; and to deflre you to proceed with the same good Disposition, and with such Dispatch, that this Session may be soon brought to a happy Conclusion.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- A(j<lrdsot dress be present ed to his Majesty to return his Majesty the Kinj’i the most humble Thanks of this House, for his most Speech, gracious Speech from the Throne:

To express thp grateful Sense which this House has of his Majesty’s Attention to an Object so interesting to his People, as the impartial Administration of Justice, and the Integrity and Independency of the Judges of the Land: And to assure his Majesty, that his faithful Commons fee,with Joy and Veneration,the warmRegard and Concern which animate his Royal Bread, for the Security of the Religion, Laws Liberties, and Properties, of his Subjects; and that this House will immediately proceed upon the important Work recommended by his Majesty, with such tender Care of his People, and will enable his Majesty to establish the Salaries of Judges in so permanent a Manner, that the same may be enjoyed during the Continuance of their Commissions:

To return his Majesty the fmcere Acknowledgments of this House for his gracious Acceptance of the Services of his faithful Commons; and to allure his Majesty, that they will proceed with Unanimity and Dispatch to finish the remaining Business of this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleafur^, when he will be attended by this House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, The K‘h resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Spfcchts to take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious coufl<le| Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

Mr. Westy according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply

Wan tad Ml

I Geo. III. 3° Martii.

1095

Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for raising the Sum of One million granted to his Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and also the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, in Part of the Supply granted to his Majesty, for Naval Services* the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to }>e granted in the next Session of Parliament; and stich Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereon, on or before the 2.5th Day of March 1762^0 be exchanged, and received in Payment, in Inch manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged, and received in Payment.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, noon the Question put thereupon agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. James Grenville, the Lord North, Mr. Ojioald, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Preservation Mr. Oswald presented to the House, according to of Gamein Order, a Bill for the better Preservation of the Game Scotland. jQ tjiat part Gf Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing Part of an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Use of A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Yeo-broadWheels, men, Farmers, and others, residing in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have long laboured under great Inconveniences and Losses, from the Necessity they are under of drawing with no more than Four Horses, and by an Act of King George the First, with 110 more than Three, with narrow Wheels; and that most Part of that Country being either hilly or sandy, the Petitioners find themfclres particularly afteded by these Restrictions, as the cross Roads off the Turnpikes are incapable of being travelled on with broad Wheels; which, in Compliance with the Spirit of the Law, the Petitioners would, if possible, have acquiesced in, and as the Turnpike Roads themselves are so deep and heavy, that in many Places it is scarce practicable with even Four Horses to draw their Corn to Market, or Manure to make their Seasons; and representing to the House, that the Petitioners do not presume to dictate the Manner of Redress; but humbly to lay before the House their Grievances, which‘in their Cafes call atoud for Afiifiance of Parliament, and which the Petitioners implore, in whatever Manner shall seem meet to the House.

Ordered/!hat the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Viscount Mr. Keck reported from the Committee, to whom Bolingbroke's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eftarc. for veiling Part of the settled Estate of Frederick Viscount Bolingbroke, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling an Estate in the County of Surrey, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; and fur impowering him to fell other Part of the said Kentish Estate, for the Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and lhat the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table,

Vol. 28.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Willis's for felling a Messuage and Lands in Whaddon, in the Eftaie. County of Buckst settled by the late Brown Willis Esquire, on the Marriage of his Sou; and for purchasing another Estate in lieu thereof, to be settled to the Came Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cartier ight, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Keck, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Barrow, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. FelloWes,

Sir John Cufl, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Nor-theyj, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fuller, Lord Diglnj, Mr. Hume,

Mr. Grenville, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Chester, Mi*. Kynaston,

Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. More, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Gore, Mr. Burrell, Sir George Savile, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Ward, Mr. Harvey, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hany wood.

General Cornzvallis, Mr. Foley, Sir Wyndham Knatch-bull Wyndham, Mr. Howard, Sir John Gordon, Mr.

Berkeley/Ar. Coventry, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Elliot, Mr.

Plummer, Sir John Turner, Mr. Alderman Dickinson,

Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Probyn, Mr.

Rose Fuller, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Buller; And all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, North-am plan, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for rendering more effectual several Dartford &c. A 61s passed in the ioth Year of her late Majesty Queen Road*. Anne, in the 11th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 1 ith Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road from Hartford to North-fleet and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to Chalk, and from Northfleet to Chalk, and from thence to the Stones End, near the Parish Church of Strood, in the County of Kent, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally propofe4 to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19. L. 19. To leave put " Twenty," and insert " Fifteen," instead thereof:

Pr. 20. L. 32. To leave out " Thirty," and insert of Five," instead thereof:

Pr. 21. L. 3. To leave out " Twenty," and insert " Fifteen," instead thereof.

L. 30. To leave out <c Twenty," and insert " Fifteen," inliead thereof:

L. 32. To leave out " Twenty," and insert <c Fifteen," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the nth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the nth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining the Road from Dartford to Northfleet and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to Chalk, and from Northfleet to Chalk, and from thence to the Stones End, near the Parish Church of Strood, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Sir Windham Knatchbull Wgndham, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing BurtonPidfci certain Articles of Agreement for dividing and in- Inclosure, doling certain open and common Fields in Burton Pid-sea, in UolderneJJe, in the County of York, was read the I bird time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields in Burton PidJ'ea, in Holder nef sc, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The

1096 3° — Martii. A 1761.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Militia pay The House relblved itself into a Committee of the «ndClothing, whole House, upon the Bill for applying the Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt, reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 40 die Martii;

Anno i° Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1761.

Praters.

THE Earl of Thomond reported to the House, Addirfcon That his Majesty, having been waited upon, pur- the King's suant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know his present Majesty’sPleafure, when he would be pleased to beat-tended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of Saint James.

The House being informed that Mr. Wilford, from Militia Pay the Exchequer, attended at the Door; and Clothing.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Monies granted for the Pay and Clothing of the unembodied Militia, from the 31st Day of December 1758, to the ,25th Day of March 1760, and which remained uniffued at the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January last.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses,in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies granted for the Pay and Clothing of the unembodied Militia, from the 3 lft Day of December 1758, to the 25th Day of March 1760, and which remained uniffued at the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January last.

Granted towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, from the 31st Day of December 1758, to the 25th Day of March 1760, and for repaying to his Majesty the Sum of One thousand Three hundred and Thirty two Pounds Ten Shillings advanced by his Majesty for the Service of the Militia, pursuant to an Address of this House, of the 29th £. $. d.

Day of November 1758, to his Majesty - - - 90,000-----

Out of the above Grant there has been replaced to his Majesty’s Civil List the Sum of - - 1,33a 10 —

Remains uniffued at the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January last,the-Sum of - - 88,667 10 —

Exchequer, the 4th Day of March 1761.

Onfera/, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Treaty with . The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by the Landgrave his Majesty s Command,

A Paper, intituled, " Protocol, March 3d 1761,’* Caird- and Tranflation.

And the Titles of the said Paper and Translation were read.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translation is as followeth; viz.

Protocol, March 3d 1761. Translation.

The Hejfian Ministers having, by their Memorial of the 7th February, claimed, in the Name of the Most Serene Landgrave their Master, the Execution of the separate Article concluded and signed the lftof April, in the Year 1760, and having required that the Sum should be fixed to which the reasonable Succour demanded by the Most Serene Landgrave might amount: And whereas it seems expedient to come to a final Agreement thereupon during the Course of the present Session of Parliament, which is drawing to an End, It has been proposed to those Ministers, as the Ultimatum on the Part of England, that his Britannic Majesty, in Execution of the* separate Article above-mentioned, should cause to be paid to the Most Serene Landgrave the Sum of Two hundred Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling; including therein the extraordinary Subsidy of Sixty thousand Pounds Sterling, in the Manner following; viz.

The Sum of One hundred Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling immediately.

The Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling in the Course of the Year 1762.

The remaining Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling in the Course of the Year 1763.

The Hessian Ministers, on their Part, accept the Proposal made oh behalf of his Britannic Majesty.

In Witness whereof, we have signed the present Protocol, and have caused the Seals of Our Arms to be put thereto.

Done at London this Third Day of March 1761.

(L.S.) Holder nefle. (L.S.) J. G. WUtorffy

(L.S.) J. H. Alt.

Ordered, That the said Paper and Translation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to way» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to ^ea

confide

Judges Commissions, &c.

Mititia Pay and Cioihing.

Answer to Address; Judges Commissions, See.

Message from the King; Vote of Credit.

Judges Com-rnifiionj, &. c.

i Geo. III. 46 — 50

consider further of Ways and Means for raising th£ Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament;

Resolved, That this House will, at Half an Hour after Three of the Clock this Afternoon, refol ve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for applying the Money granted in this Sell!on of Parliament towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia, now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1761, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Half an Hour after Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

PojlMeridiem.

MR. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty with their Address: To which his Majesty was pleased.to give this most gracious Answer,

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I thank you for this dutiful and unanimous Address. The Se&fe you express of my sincere Intention to do what is for the Good of my People gives me the highest Satisfaction.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he lmd a MefTagefrom his Majesty to this House, signed by his Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followed); viz,

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, relying on the known Zeal and Affec^ tion of his faithful Commons, and considering that, in this criticalConjun6hire, Emergencies mayarife which may be of the utmost Importance, and be attended with the most perniciousConfequenees, if properMcansftiould not immediately be applied to prevent or defeat them, is desirous that this House will enable him to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1761, and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

G. R.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That his Majesty’s most gracious Message he referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order made this Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, at Half an Hour after Three of the Clock this Afternoon, to take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, being read;

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Vol. 28.

Mar Hi.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they’ had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Complaiilt being made to the House, That in Breach of the Privilege* of this House, Sir Richard Perrot bath entered into Possession of a Cellar in the Occupation of a Tenant of Charles Fitzroy Scudamore Esquire, a Member of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Pri-vilegesand Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. '

And then the House adjourned tillTo-morrbw Morning, Nine of the Clock. f

jovisj 5° dit Mariii;

Anno i° Georgii IIIlU Regis, 1761*

iv

Prayers.

AM ESS AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Bonner: 1

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitiiled, An Act for diverting out of the Crown the Remainder, in Fee, of several Lands in Ireland, late the Estate of Marlin' Dillon Esquire; and for vesting the same in Carlelon Whitelocke of the City of Dublin, Esquire, and his Heirs, in Trust, hr Henry Mitchel of the said City of Dublin, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Wappenha?n, in the County o^Northampton, Oxclusive of the Hamlet of Aftwell and Faulcut, in the said Parish, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act forrepairing the ParishChurch of Croydoiiy in the County o { Surrey y without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Grounds, within the Parish o ( Exhall, in the County of the City of Coventry, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ryton, otherwise Ruyton uponDimfmorey in the County of Warzvick, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Stone to Wordjley Green Gate, and from the West End of Bilston Street, in Wolverhampton to the High Slreety opposite to the Old Bhjhy in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton, to Cannock% in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing an open Common within the Manor and Parish of Mor res by, in the County of Cum* Iceland, without any Amendment: And allb,

12 Z The

Privilege.

Coinage.

Dillon’s, &:c* Estate.

Wappenhwa

ndofure*

Croydon

Church.

Exhall In do In re.

Ryton

Inclosure.

Stone, Sec, Road.

Morrelby

luclolure.

1098

5° Marin. ' A. 1761.

Warrington The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, common Meadows, common Grounds, and watte Ground, within Wardington WUliamfcott, otherwise Willfcot, and Coton otherwise Cotes, in the County of Oxford, without any Amendment: And also,

Earl of Sand- The Lords have patted a' Bill, intituled, An Act to

wich»st &c. enable John Earl of Sandwich, Welbore Ellis Esquire, Qualification. ancj Robert Nugent Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland.; and to enable William Earl of Harrington to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Customer and Collector of the Ports of Dublin, Skerrys, Mala!ride, and Wicklow, in the said Kingdom; and to enable Richard Rigby Esquire to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Keeper and Matter of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery in the said Kingdom, and Clerk, Keeper, or Matter, of the Rolfs, Books, Writs, and Records, of the said Court; and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said respective Offices: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Houff.

And then the Mess ngers Withdrew.

Supply Bill; Mr. Samuel Marti,s presented to the House, accord-

Debt, ing to Order, a Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and dischargitig the Debt of the Navy, arid towards naval Services in the Year 1761: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Preservation A Bill for the better Preservation of the Game in that

of Game in Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing Scotland. part an passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; xyas read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refdvcd, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Judges Com- Mr. West, according to Order, reported from the »« ions, *c. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Consideration his Majesty’s onoft gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for continuing the Commissions of Judges, notwithstanding the Demise of his Majesty, or of any of his Heirs and Successors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That his Majesty be enabled to grant and establitti the Salaries of Judges, in such manner as to be absolutely secured to them during the Continuance of their Commissions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Part of the Salaries of Judges as is now payable out of the yearly Rent or Sum granted for the Support of his Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, be, from and after the Demise of his present Majesty (whom God long preserve) charged upon and payable out of all or any such Duties or Revenues granted for the Uses of his Majesty’s Civil government, as shall subsist after the Demise of his Majesty, or of any of his Heirs and Successors.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to,by the House, Nemine cwtradiccnts.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. West, the Lord North,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. James Grenville,

Mr. Oswald, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Samuel Martin, and Mr. Campbell, of Calder, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Pitt, according to Order, reported from Militia Pay the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill and Clototofl 1 for applying the Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia, now unembodied, for One Year; beginning the 25th Day of March 1761, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- I

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Appleby, Sec from the Borough, of Appleby, in the County of West- Road* moreland, through the Township of Orton,to Kirkby Kendall, and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near Shapp, and from Highgate, near Tebay, in a Part of the Highway between Appleby and Kirkby Kendall, through the Town of Kirby Steven, to the Town of Market Brough, in the said County, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. L. 16. After " Kendall " to infect u or One " Mile of Appleby, nor upon the Road leading from the " Granted Tree, upon Stainmore, through Winton, to u the Town of Kirby Steven'9'

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question pat thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough ot* Appleby, in the County of Westrhoreland, through the Township of Orton, to Kirkby Kendall, and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near Shapp, and from Highgate, near Tebay, in a Part of the Highway between Appleby and Kirkby Kendall, through the Town of Kirby Steven, to the Town of Market Brough, in the said County.

Ordered, That Major General Stmnvix do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act vifommt for vetting Part of the settled Ettate of Frederick Vif- Beiingbroki’ count Bolingbroke, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, E"atf* to be sold; and for settling an Ettate, in the County of Surrey, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; and for impowering him to fell other Part of the said Kehlish Ettate for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Keck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow*

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

i Geo. Ill iu

1099

Vieneris, 6° die Martii;

Anno i° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1761,

PhayerS.

Whifccross A ingrossed Bill for Repairing and amending the to Beverley -ajL Road leading frbm Whitecross, in the Parish of Road. Ltven, in IIolderneff'c, in the East Riding of the Colinty

of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the said County, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 43. L. 36. After " Authority* to insert " aforesaid.*’

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and amending the Road leading from Whitecross, in the Parish of Leven, in Holder-neffe, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Bonner:

Mr. Speaker,

Norfliam The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Grounds called Norha?n Infields, and the Common or Waste called Norham Moor, within the Township of Norham, in the County of Durham, with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Lulworth The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act I*cIofur«. for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Commons, common Heaths, and waste Grounds, in the adjoining Manors of East Lulworth and Combe Keynes, in the County of JDorset, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Williams* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act *tes‘ for veiling the settled Estate of John Williams Esquire, in the County of Essex, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances, and laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Probyn, Mr. Car tier ight, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Ky* nafton. Sir Charles Mordaurit, Mr. Felloives, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bankes, Sir William Beauchamp Prodtor, Mr. Bathurst, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Harvey, Lord Middleton, Mr. Towns hend, Lord Barrington, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Barroiv, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Palmer, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham, Mr. For refer, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Foley, Sir John Barrington, Mr, Keck, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hayward, l^lr. Leve/'on Gower, Mr Frederick, Sir. Francis Poole, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Starkie, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Fazakcrley, Lord Egmont, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Warren, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Roger New dig ate, Mr. Which-cot. Sir Edmund Isham, Sir Francis Dashwood, Admiral Towns end. Sir John Gordon,. Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. George Onslow, Sir Ludovick Grant, Mr. Wilkes, Lord Farnham, Mr. Coventry, Lord Digby, Mr. Olniius; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Lincoln, and Middlesex: And they are to «heet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speak-»er’s Chamber. ' *

Vol. 28.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of Sand* to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Welbore Ellis Esquire, &.c' and Robert Nugent Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, C^al,fication* the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Pa vmaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to enable William Earl of Ilarrington io take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Customer and Collector of the Ports of Dublin, Skerrys. Mala hide, and Wicklow, in the said Kingdom; and to enable Richard Rigby Esquire to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Keeper and Master of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery in the said Kingdom, and Clerk, Keeper, or Master, of the Rolls, Books, Writs, and Records, of the said Court; and to qualify them Pelves for the Enjoyment of the said respective Offices; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

c * j

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way* to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the - whole House, aid Means* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said -Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the-Monies granted for the Pay and Clothing of the unembodied Militia, from the 31st of December 1758, to the 25th of March j 760, and which remained nniffued at the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January last, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mi1. West reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. West also acquainted the House, That he wad directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copy of the separate Article belonging to the Convention between his late Majesty and the Landgrave of He/fd Cassel, concluded and signed at London April 1 1760, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Protocol,

« March 3d 1761," and Tranllation, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committeeof the pfefcrvat|on whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of Game in of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scot- Scotland. land; and for repealing Part of an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty for the

better

iioo 70

better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Pryfe Campbell took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pryfe Campbell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made federal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 70 die Martii;

Anno i° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1761. Prayers.

Gatherley A ingrossed Bill for making, amending, widening. Moor £\ turning, and repairing, the Roads leading from Roadg. the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, near Did-deify Hill, to and through the Town of Caldzcell, in the County of York, and from thence to and through the Town of Winston, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Staiiulrop, in the said County, and also from the said Turnpike Road near Smallzvays, toand through the Town of H idton-long-ViHers, in the said County of York, and from thence to and through the Town of Ovington to the Ford across the River Tees to the Town of Winston, in the said County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the River Tees at or' near Winston Ford; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for exempting the Duke of Bridge-water and his Tenants from Payment of the Tolls.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

.Then the Amendments following were severally pro* posed to be made to the Bill; viz.

- Pr. 2. L. 21. After " Crawford," to insert " Mar-( maduke Constable :"

L. 30. After the Second " Clerk," to insert " John Farrer

Pr. 3. L. 7. After " Lodge," to insert " Henry Laf-u celles:"

L. 18. After " Robinson," to insert Septimus u llobinfon :"

Pr. 20. L. 23. To leave out " Trustees," and insert w Justices" in (lead thereof:

Pr. 32. L. 26. To leave out ct which" and insert €i with" instead thereof:

Pr. 42. L. 1. To leave out " or " and insert" nor " instead thereof:

L. 33. After " Offences" to insert ct shall Pr. 52. L. 6. After " York," to insert " or County " of Durham, as the same flmll be

L. 14. To fill the Blank with " First:"

Pr. 58. L.6. After "Riding,"to insert "whichOath f* Inch Trustees and Justices are hereby impoweredto <c administer."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question lVverally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill wasamemled at the Table accordingly.

Ihjoived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title An Act for amendingaud widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and from the said 'Turnpike Road near Smallzvays, across (lie River Tees, to Winston, in the said County of Durham \ and for building a Bridge over the said River at or near Winston Ford.

22

Martii.

And then the Blank left in the Bill for the Title thereof was filled tij) b}' the Clerk at the Table.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. West, according to Order, reported from the Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- anti Mean*, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Eighty-eight thousand Six hundred Sixty-seven Pounds and Ten Shillings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, being Part of the Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds granted to his late Majesty in the Year 17^9, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, from the 3 ift Day of December 1758, to the 25 th Day of March

1760, and for repaying the Sum of One thousand Three hundred Thirty-two Pounds and Ten Shillings advanced by his said Majesty for the Service of the Militia, be issued and applied towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution., being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. West, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty. the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One million, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to enable his Majestyto defray any extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year

1761, and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappointor defeat any Enterprizes or Detigns of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

Refulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twenty, thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, on Account, towards assisting his Majesty to grant a reason-. able Succour in Money to the Landgrave of Hejfe Cassel, pursuant to Treaty.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Pryfe Campbell, according to Order, reported Preservation from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the of Game in Bill for the better Preservation of the Game in that Scotland. Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing Part of an Act, passed in the 24 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and1 then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ba ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning Nine of Clock.

Nortiam

ludofurck

Whitfckaven Harbour and Roads.

Clarke’s *d Younge’s Eftatct.

i Geo. III.

Marta.

Luti#) 90 dMartii; Anno i* Georgii III1*'Regis, 1761* Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Grounds called Norhani Infields, and the Common or Waste called Norhani Moor, within the Township of Norham, in the County of Durham.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as folloW-eth; viz.

Pr. 27. L. 37. After *c paid/’ irtlert " Provided,

K That the Shares and Allotments to be set off to the said %i Sir Thomas Ilaggerjhti and his Heirs as aforesaid, slid.II u not be charged with, Or corttributary to, the said *c Charges and Etfpences attending the said Division or " Allotment, or any Part or Proportion^thereof, except c< the Charges of employing and entertaining One of the " Comriaiffjoners only* from time to time $ such Charges €i to be ascertained by the other Commissionersor any cc Three or more of them."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed to by the House*

Ordered, That Sir Walter Blackett do carty the bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordiliips.

Sir John Pennington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain* amend, and render more effectual, and for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the 13th Year of King George the Second, intituled* " An Act for making more effectual Two *c Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth " Yredrs of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preferring *c and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the €< County of Cumberland* and for repairing and amend-cC ing the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and u Town of Whitehaven and for further Enlarging the said Harbour of Whitehaven $ and for repealing so much of an Act passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act c< for repairing and widening the Roads leading from c< Egremont to Dudden Bridge* Santoii Bridge, and Salthouse, in the County of Cumberlandas delates to the Road from Calder Bridge to Egremont; and for putting the said Road under the Power of the Trustees for

{jutting in Execution the said Act of the 13th Year of his ate Majesty King George the Second; and also for re* pairing, widening, and amending, the Road from&xtforj. hill, by Keekle, to Weddikeing, and also the Road from the Road leading from Disting ton to Harrington, from the Corner of aClofe belongingfo BenjaminCrqfstlnvayte, through the Moor Fields, to Hunday Gate, in the said County of Cumberland was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk*s Table t Where the Amendments were once fead throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed*

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords* intituled, An Act for felling divers Lands and Hereditaments* in London, Middlesex, Surrey, Berkshire, and Northampton* shire, devised by the Wills of Bat i ho lomezo Clarke and Hitch Yoiinge Esquires; and for laying out the Money Vot. 28*

Urifing by such Sale in the Purchasp of other Lands ahei Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the Lfes of the said Wills respectiVely; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An irigfeffed Bill for the better Preservation of the Wefefvat'bit Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for Repealing Rart of art Act, passed in the 24th Year of COlan the Reign of his late Majesty* for the better Preservatioit of the Game in that. Part of Great Britain called Scotland; W'as read the Third time;

Resolved, That tile Bill drt pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better r reservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing Part of an Act, baited iti the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better Preservation of the Game iri that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. OJivald do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

An ingrossed Bill for applying the Mdney granted, Militia Ptf in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the and Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Clothing; Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the (hid Militia* now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25 th Day of March 1761, was read the Third time.

Refolvdd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for applying the Money granted in this^Session of Parliament towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of t he Militia of that Part of Great Brituin called England, when unembodied* and of the Clothing of the!

Part of the said Militia, how unembodied,forOne Year* beginning the *5th Day of March 1761.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to tile Lords, and defife their Concurrence;

Mr. West prefen ted to the House, according to Ordef, . fudges a Bill for rendering more effectual the Provitions in an Act, made in the 12th and 13th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William* intituled, An *4ft for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Siibjeft* relating tb the Corii^ millions and Salaries of Judges: And the same was received; arid read the First timb.

RcJ'olvedflti&t the Bill be read a Second time.

NlY.Huytvard reported frdrii the Committee, to whom jbocMeil^ the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estatesl felling divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the City of London, and iii the Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Buck-itigham, and Somerset, devised by the Will of Sir Williavi Dodwell Knight, deceased, and purchased in pursuancO thereof respectively; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments iti or near the County of Gloucester, to be settled in lieu thereof to the Uses of the said Will \ tvas Committed* That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Cortfent to the Bill* to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House* without any Amendment: And lid delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table;

A Bill for eiiahiing his Majesty td raise a *ettain Stitii <jUppiy #iil j bf Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt Naty Deft; of the Navy, and towards naval Services in the Year 1761, was read a Secohd time:

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed.

’Resolved^ That the Bill be committed to a fcornmiUCe of the whole Hbufift

i3 A Rfolved)

U02 o° — 7*0 ° M1761.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surpluses, dated 5th April 1 760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses, dated 10th of October 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow-Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 10° die Martii;

Anno x° Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1761.

Praye rs.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Mountagu jTjl and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Pool The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Inclosure. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclodng, and allotting, the Moors, Commons, nhd waste Grounds, called Pool Common, in the Manors of Lan-verchidol and Stret Marcel, Otherwise Sired Mdrshall, in the Parishes of Pool and Guitifidd, in the County of Montgomery: And also,

Tringford The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and melding certain open and common Fields in the Parish offringforf otherwise Ferringford, in the County of Oxford, without any Amendment: And also,.

Anfty The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields of Anjly, in the County oiLeicester, without any Amendment: And also,

Abkettleby The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, of Abkettleby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Earl of logrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Sandwich’s to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Wdborc Ellis Esquire, &c. Qualifi- and Robert Nugent Esquire, to fake, in Great Britain, eation. ^he Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Pay mailer General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to enable William Earl of Harrington to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Cultcmer and Collt&or of the Ports of Dublin, Skerrys, Malahide, and Wicklow, in the said Kingdom; and to enable Richard Rigby Esquire to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Keeper and Mailer of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery in the said Kingdom, and Clerk, Keeper, or Mailer of the Rolls, Books, Writs, and "Records, of the said Court; and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said respective Offices; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. West, Mr. More, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Mor daunt,

Mr. Fonereau, Sir Edmund If ham, M r. Bacon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Eliot, Mr. Kyiiafton, Mr. Grove, Mr. Samuel Martin,

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Peter Burrell, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Rose Fuller, Sir Charles Kemys Tynle, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Robert Brudenell, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Stevens, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Hexcelt, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Medlycott,

Doctor Hay, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Callhorpe, Mr. Wilkes,

Mr. Bull, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Buller, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Brand, Sir George Savile, Mr.

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hume, Mr. Dr ax, Mr.

Phillips, Sir Robert IJildyard, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Earle,

Mr. Campbell, Sir John Gordon, Lord Barrington: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Morse*» ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting and settling the real and personal Estate of John Morse, late Citizen and Goldsmithof London, dcceai'ed, for the Benefit of the several Persons intitled under his Will; and for the better answering and effecting the Intents and Purposes of the same Will; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the S.itisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plate; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. West, according to Order, reported from the Wnn Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Mom* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards deliveredm at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of One million be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One million Seven hundred Sixty-two thousand and Four hundred Pounds, out of such Monies as shall or may arise of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, com poling the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That the Resolution, which, Ditto, upon Saturday last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz. "

M Resolved, That the Sum of Eighty-eight thousand <c Six hundred Sixty-seven Poun s and Ten Shillings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, being Part " of the Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds granted ,t u

"at

Supply Bill; >iavy Debt.

Whitehaven Harbpur and Roads.

i Ged. III. 10° — n°

1103

44 late Majesty in the Year 1759, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, from the 31 ft Day of December 1 758, to the 44 25th Day of March 1760, and for repaying the Sum of One thousand Three hundred Thirty-two Pounds and Ten Shillings, advanced by his said Majesty for " thre Service of the Militia, be issued and.applied towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty in thisSession of Parliament:’

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution, and also purfuapt to the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and agreed to by the House: ^Vnd that Mr. West; Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. James Grenville, the Lord North, Mr. Ojivald, Mr. Attorney General, Mr, Solicitor General, MivSamuel Martin, and Mr. Charlton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfc-lf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling his Majesty to raile a certain Sum of Money towards paying oft* and discharging the -Debt of the Navy, and towards naval Services in the Year 1761;

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for allowing further Time for making and filing Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bifl, and made several Amendments thereunto.; which they had directed him toreport, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

and for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, as relates to the preserving and enlarging of the said Harbour.

Ordered, That Sir John Pennington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright have Leave to make \

a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Clarke’* Act for felling divers Lands and Hereditaments in Lon- and Y01 rigc’i don, M iddlesex, Surrey, Berkshire, and North amp tonshire, E^ates* deviled by the Wills of Bartholomew Clarke and Hitch Younge Esquires; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled iii lieu thereof, to the Uses of the said Wills respectively; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Wef have Leave to make a Motion: 1 ,

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Bill for rendering more effectual the Provi- jUf^w fions in an Act, made in the 12th and 13th Years of the Commission Reign of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, relating to the Commissions and Salaries of Judges, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole I louse.

Resolved, That this House will, upon.Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

OrderedJYhvit^wjohn Pennington haveLeaveto make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly*

And an ingrossed Bill to explain amend, and render more effectual, and for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the 1.3th Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for pre- serving and.enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven,

" in the County of Cumberland \ and for repairing and " amending the High Roadslcadingto the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven and for further enlarging the said Harbour of Whitchaveil; and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

44 An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Egremont to Dudden Bridge, Santcn Bridge. and 44 SaLihouse, in the County of Cumberland," as relates to (the Road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and for putting the said Road under the Rower of the Trustees for putting in Execution the said Act of the Thirteenth Y’ear of his late Majesty King George the Second;, and also for repairing, widening, and amending the Road from Scraghill, by Keekle, to Weddiktrrig, and also the Rqad from the Road leading from Dijiington to Harrington, from the Corner of a Cl ole belonging to Benjamin Crojjihwavtc, through the floor Fields, to Hun day Gate in the said County of Cumberland; was read the Third time. , 1 , 1

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing so much of an Act, passed in the 13th Year of King George the Second, intituled,

Ap Act; for, making piore effectual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Y'ears of her. lateYIajeliv Queen Anne for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland 41 VoL. 28.

Mercurii, 1 x* die Martii;

Anno i° Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

MR. West presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill der, a Bill lor granting to his Majesty a certain linking Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for apply- *und. ing certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1761: And the same was received and read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to Willies whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Eitate. Act for felling a Messuage and Lands in Whaddon, in the County of Bucks, settled by the late Brozvn IVillis Esquire on the Marriage of his Son; and for purchasing another Estate in lieu thereof, to be settled to the same Uses; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their. Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of, the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 12. Leave out Alcock" and insert Alle- cockc

L. 39. Leave out44 Alcock" and insert44 Alle-

44 cocke

Pr. 2. L, 5, Leave out Alcock" and insert " A lie-cocke

The

5

Earl of Sandwich’s, &c. Qyali-ficarion.

Supply Bill; Exchequer L Bills.

Dartford, kc. Road.

Burton Pidfea Inclosure.

Morftj’s

Estate.

ii° — i 2° Martii.

A. 1761.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act for felling divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the City of London, and in the Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Buckingham, and Somerset, devised by the Will of Sir William Dodwell Knight, deceased, and purchased in pursuance thereof respectively; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments in or near the County of Gloucester, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the Uses of the said Will; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, Thai Mr. Hayward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Dodwelft

ElUtes.

1104

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Sandy* reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Earl of Sandwichy Welbore Ellis Esquire, and Robert Nugent Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treafufer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to enable William Earl of Harrington to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Customer and Collector of the Ports of Dublin, Skerry s, Mala hide, and Wicklow, in the said Kingdom; and to enable Richard Rigby Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Keeper and Matter of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery in the said Kingdom, and Clerk, Keeper, or Matter of the Rolls, Books, Writs, and Records, of the said Court; and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said respective Offices; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had di-rested him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. West presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mtttintagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts, passed in the 10th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First:, and in the nth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining,* the Road from Dartford to North fleet and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to Chalk, and from Northfleet to Chalk, and from thence to the Stone's End near the Parish Church of Slrood, in the County of Kent, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclottng certain open and common Fields in Burton Pidfea, in Holder nefe, in the County of York, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee* to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting and settling the real and personal Estate of John Morse, late Citizen and Goldsmith of London, deceased, for the Benefit of the several Persons intitled under his Will; and for the better answering and effecting the Intents and Purposes of the same Will; was re-committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that all the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz,

Pr. 7. L. 36. After " Will," insert *c and the said " Peregrine Bertie, the Hu (band of the said Elizabeth " Bertie, the Mother."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

Mr* West reported from the Committee of the whole Supply Bill; House, to whom the Bill for enabling his Majesty to Navy Debt, raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services in the Year 1761, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and,

Vpon the Question severally put thereupon* w ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

----- e-

Jovis, 12° die Martii;

Anno i° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1761.

An ingFoffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Welbore Ellis Esquire, Sandwich’s, and Robert Nugent Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, *c-the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver caU0fi’ General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to enable William Earl of Harrington to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Customer a/nd Collector of the Ports of Dublin, Skerrys, Malahide, and Wicklow, in the said Kingdom; and to enable Richard Rigby Esquire to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Keeper and Master of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery in the said Kingdom, and Clerk, Keeper, or Master- of the Rolls,

Books, Writs, and Records, of the said Court, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said respective Offices; was* read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment,

14 An

Prayer*.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Mountagh and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Appleby^c, for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough Roid’ of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland, through the Townlliip of Orton to Kirby Kendal, and from Orion to the Turnpike Road near Shapp, and from Ilighgate, near Tebay, in a Part of the Highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendal, through the Town of Kirby Sceven, to the Town of Market Brough, in the said County, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

i Geo. III. i a® — 13° Mdrtii. i i oj>

Willis’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act EfUte. for felling a Messuage and Lands in Whaddon, in the County of Bucks, settled by the late Brown Willis Esquire on the Marriage of his Son; and for purchasing another Estate in lieu thereof to be settled to the same Uses; was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Ifiam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Morse’t An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act EfUic. for vetting and settling the real and personal Estate of ' John Morse. late Citizen and Goldsmith of London, deceased, for the Benefit of the several Persons intitled under his Will 3 and for the better answering and effecting the Intents and Purposes of the same Will 3 was read the Third time.

Refoldedt That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships,

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a

Navy Debt, certain Sum of Money towards paying off anddif-charging the Debt of the Navy, and towards naval Services in the Year 1761* was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards naval Services for the Year One thousandSeven hundred and Sixty-one; and for allowing further Time for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and filing thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Williams’ Ordered, That Mr. Crafter be added to the Commit-

Xftate. tee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Williams Esquire, in the County of Essex, in Trnftees, to be sold for railing Money todischargelncumbrances, and laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate, is committed.

Supply Bill) A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Sinking Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying cer-Fuud. tain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1761, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved^ThdX the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; A Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mention-1 ed, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

JThe Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Con>miffioB*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ic- Vot. 2I.

upon the Bill for rendering more effectual thefWifions in an Act, made in the 12th and 13th Years of the Reign of his fete Majesty King WilliaTti, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, relating to the Commissions and Salaries of Judges \

Ordered, That it be an Instruction tortile said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for paying the Salaries of Judges out of all or any of the Revenues which shall at any Time be applicable to the Uses of the Civil Government,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refurtied the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill* and made several Amend-, ments thereunto 3 which they had directed him to report, /

when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 130 die Martii;

Anno i* Georgii IIItil Regis, 176L Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Mountdgil and Mr. Lane

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Insolveat for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, without any Amend- Debtor* ment: And also, v

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Militia Pay for applying the Money granted in this Session of Par- & Clothing; liament towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia, now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act PrefcrratidH for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part, of Game of Great Britain called Scotland3 and for repealing in Scotland* Part of an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better Preservation of the Game in thkt Part of Great Britain called Scotland 3 with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment* into Consideration: And the said Amendments were read 3 and are as followeth 3 viz.

Pr. 2. L. 2, After "Sheriff" insert <c Depute

L. 18. Leave out " Justice," and insert " Juf»

" tices," instead thereof:

L. 19. After "Sheriff" insert "Depute, a*

" aforesaid:"

L. 22. Leave out " Justice," and insert " Juf»

" tices," instead thereof:

L. 27* After "Sheriff" insert " Depute.*

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ofivald do catty the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships*

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of privilege Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint made to the House, the 4th Day of this instant Matiik, of a

13 B Breach.


no 6

Breach of the Privilege of the House, against Charles Fitzroy Scudamore El^ire* a Member of this House, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Printing The House was moved. That the Entry in the Jour-

Journals. rial of the House, of the 26th Day of May 1756, relating to the Printing of the Journals of this House, from the Beginning of the Ninth Parliament of Great Britain, to the End of the Third Session of this present Parliament, might bo read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the Houfs, of the First Day of June 17.70, relating to the Continuing of the Printing of the Journals of this House, to the End of the Journal of the 4th Session of this present Parliament, might be read:

- And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Printing of the Journals of this House be continued to the End of this present Session of Parliament, in the same Method, and under the same Regulations, as were direbtec] by the Orders of this House, of the 26th Day of May 1756, with relation to Rich Part of the said Journals as was then ordered to be printed.

Ordered, That the said Journals be printed by such Person as shall be Licensed by Mr. Speaker: And that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graeiously pleated to order the further Sum of £. 1,500 to be advanced to Jeremiah Dyfon Esquire, Clerk of this ploufe, towards defraying the Expence of Printing the Journals of this House, from the Beginning of the Ninth Parliament of Great Britain, to the End of this present Session of Parliament; and also towards defraying the Expence of M^kingand Printing Indexes to the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Volumes of the Journals of this House, which have been already printed: And to assure his Majesty* that this House will make good Hie fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by fuqh Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Chaplain. . The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 29th Day of May 1759, of the Address of this House to his late Majesty, that his late Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Charles Burdett, Chaplain to this house, might be read; And the same being read accordingly; tfe/blved, That an humble Address be presented to h\s Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to confer fpme Dignity in the Church upon the Rev. Mr. Charles Burdett, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Judges Mr. West, according to Order, reported from the Commissions, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rendering more efle&ualthe Provisions in an AiT, made, in the 12th and 13th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, relating to the Commissions and Salaries of Judges, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe'verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1761.

The Order of the Day being read* for the House to Sopply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sinking upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum fund' of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1761;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made sevend Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Supply Bill; House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Exchequer House, upon the Bril fur enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Slim of Money for the Uses arid Purposes therein mentioned;

The I louse was moved, That Part of an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to settle an Annuity of £, 15,000 on his Royal Highriefs the Duke of Cumberland, and the Ifeirs of his Body; and also One other Annuity of £. 24,000 on their Royal Highnesses the Princess Amelia, the Princess Caroline, the Princess Mary, and the Princess Lou if a; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or j

ClUUfes to exempt from the Payment of all Taxes and other Charges whatsoever such Annuities and Sums of Money as have been, or shall be, granted by his Mato any of the RoVal Family. rdered. That it be ah Instru&itm to the said Committee, That they have Po\ver to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

1 lien the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. SpC&ker left fhb Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refohred the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the famine.

Ordered, That the Report he received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow \ Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 140 die Martii;

Anno i# Georgii IIIlil Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

MR. Crajler reported from the Committee, to whom william/ the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ertau.

Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Williams Esquire, in the County of Eff'ex, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances; ami laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of Lauds and Hereditaments, to he settled to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lafne to be true; and that the Parties concerned had 'given their Content to the Bill, to

130 — 140 Martii.

Supply BUI; Sii king Fund.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills.

Williams*

Estate.

Supply Bill Sinking Fuud.

Supply Bill j Exchequer Bills,

i Geo. III.

140 — 16°

1107

the Satisfaction of the Comnaktee; ami that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and tie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, lor the Service of the Year 1761, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quedion Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which t he Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quedion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Niue of the Clock.

.Lunce, 16° die Martii;

Anno i° Georgii III. Regis, 1761. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Williams Esquire, in the County of E/far, in Trustees, to be sold, for mifing Money to discharge Incumbrances; and laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to t he Uses limited of the said settled Efrate; was-read the Third'time;

Refilled, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Or after do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1761, was read the Third time.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act; for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for npplyingcer-tain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1761.

Ordered, That Air. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money for the Tfes and Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies Vol. 28.

granted in thisSession of Parliament; and for exempting any Annuities or Sums of Money granted, or to be granted, to the Royal Family, from the Payment of Taxes.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Privilege Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Complaint made to the House, upon the 4th Day of this instant March, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Sir Richard Per-. rot hath entered into Possession of a Cellar, in the Occupation of aTenantof Charles Fitzroy SaMamore Eiq u ire, a Member of this House; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove what is alleged in the said Complaint,

Mr. Nathan Draper, being examined, said, That Sir Thomas Rob inf on, between Lady-day and Midjinnmer lall, took a House in Scotland Yard, of Air. Fitzroy Scudamore; That the Cellar now in dispute was repaired the same time that the House was; and that the Key was delivered to him, and waspn his Possession till after Lord Gower succeeded to the Office of Mafier of the Great Wardrobe: That he kept the Key, as Officer of the Great Wardrobe under SxrTJiomas Robinson, and delivered it to Mr. Lander, Porter of the Wardrobe, in November last: That in his Time no One made life of it but Sir Thomas Robinson, as Tenant to Mr. Fitzroy.

Mr. William Lander, being examined, said, That he took the Lock off the Cellar Door about the End of January lad (when the Cellar was in Lord Gozocr's Possession, as Colonel Fitzroy's Tenant) in order to have it cleaned: That Sir Richard Perrot in the mean time took Possession of the Cellar, which is under Part of the House inhabited by him; put another Lock on; and told the Witness,'That he had taken Possession, and would keep it; for he had bought the Lease of some Ground, in which this Cellar was included; although he was often told, that it belonged to Colonel Fitzroy.

Thotmas Gilbert Esquire, being examined, informed the Committee, That he, as Deputy to Lord Gower, came into the House rented by Lord Gower of Colonel Fitzroy, about a Month ago, and understood, that the Cellar in Dispute belonged to that House: That upon applying to Sir Richard Per rot, on his having taken Possession of the Cellar, Sir Richard told him, he had a Grant of it from the Crown, which he would abide 'by, and keep Possession: And upon being again applied to about a Fortnight after, and being repeatedly asked to give up Possession, or try his Title at Law, he refused; and has kept Possession everfince, although the Witness told him, that probably a Complaint would be made against him, of having committed a Breach of Privilege: And the 'Witness said, he has enquired, and can’t find, that any One has any Right to the said House and Cellar but Colonel Fitzroy: and that the only Opening from the Cellar was into the Yard.

Sir Richard Perrot, the Person complained of, being called, and not appearing, nor any One on his Behalf,

Mr William Whit tam (One of the Messengers attending this House), being examined, said, That he had left a Copy of the Order for his Attendance at his Place of Residence, in Scotland Yard, on Friday lad; but that he did not fee him; but a Woman, who has the Care of his House, undertook to deliver it.

Upon the whole, the Committee came to the folloiv-in Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Richard Perrot, having entered into Possession of a Cellar, in the Occupation of a Tenant of Charles Fitzroy Scudamore Esquire, a Member of this House, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Sir Richard Pci rot be for his said

11 o8 i 6° — 18° Martii. . 1764.

said Breach of Privilege taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Judges Com- An ingrossed Bill for rendering more effectual the Pro-miiiioRs, &c. vssions jn Pn Act, made in the 12th and 13th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown* and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, relating to the Commissions and Salaries of Judges, was read the Third time.

RefolvcdyNcmhic contvadicente> That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rendering more effectual the Provisions in an Act, made in the 12th and 13th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, relating to the Commissions and Salaries of Judges.

Ordered, That Mr. WeJ do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr* Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

Gatherlejr The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A6fc Moor Rotdi. for amending and widening the Roads from the Turn* pike Road upon Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham^ and from the said Turnpike Road near Smallzvays, across the River Tees to Winston, in the said County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the said River at or near Winston Ford-, without any Amendment: And also, Whirecross The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A6i Road VerICV rePairino an(* amending the Road leading from While-

oa ' crossy in the Parish of Leven, in Holdernefe, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the said County, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Printing Mr. Vice Chamberlain reported to the House, That Journals, their Address of Friday 1 aft, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the furtherSum of £. 1,500 to be advanced to Jeremiah Dyfon Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of Printing the Journals of this House, from the Beginning of the Ninth Parliament of Great Britain, to the End of this present Session of Parliament; and also towards defraying the Expence of Making and Printing Indexes to the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Volumes of the Journals of this House, which have been already printed; and to assure his Majesty, that this House will make good the fame; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Chaplain. Mr. Vice Chamberlain reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Charles Burdett, Chaplain to this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to say, That He will confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Charles Burdett, Chaplain to this House, as is desired.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die Martii;

Anno i* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1761. PLAYERS.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

Whitehaven The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, AnA6t and Roads. for con*inuing much of an Act,passed in the Thirteenth

Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anney for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland; and for repairing and amending the high Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven; as relates to the preserving and enlarging of the said Harbour; without ' any Amendment: And also,

The Lords haye-agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Heflfiijrttn for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing com- hidofar* mon or waste Ground within the Manor or Lordiliip of HeJlingtojiy in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments,made by Willis’t this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for felling a Kttoe. Messuage and Lands \nWhaddon, in the County of Bucks, settled by the lateBrozcn Willis Esquire, on the Marriage of his Son; and for purchasing another Estate in lieu thereof, to be settled to the same Uses: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Morftfc this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting and Estate. settling the real and personal Estate of John MorJey late Citizen and Goldsmith of London, deceased, for the Benefit of the several Persons intitled under his Will and for the better aufwering and effecting the Intents and Purposes of the same Will.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Thanks of Vote of this House be given to Mr. Speaker, for his constant and ^S^eiki unwearied Attendance in the Chair, during the course p of above Thirty-three Y'ears, in Five successive Parliaments; for the unftiaken Integrity and fteadv Impar-. tiality of his Conduct there; and for the indefatigable Pains he has, with uncommon Abilities, constantly taken, to promote the real Interest of his King and Country, to maintain the Honour and Dignity of Parliament, and to preserve inviolable the Rights and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain.

Upon which Mr. Speaker said:

I was never under so great a Difficulty in my Life to know what to say in this Place, as I am at present —

Indeed it is almost too much for me — -lean Hand against Misfortunes and Distresses: I have stood against Misfortunes and Distresses; and may do so again r But I am not able to stand this Overflow of Good Will and Honour tome. It overpowers me: and had I all the Strength of Language, I could never express the full Sentiments of my Heart upon this Occasion, of Thanks and Gratitude. If I have been happy enough to perform any Services here,that are acceptable to the House, I am sure 1 now receive the noblest Reward for them; the noblest that any Man can receive for any Merit, far superior, in my Efiimation, to all the other Emoluments of this World. I owe every thing to this House: I not only owe to this House that I am in this Place, but that I have had their constant Support in it; and to their Good Will and Assistance, their Tenderness and Indulgence towards me in my Errors, it; is, that I have been able to perform my Duty here to any Degree of Approbation:

Thanks therefore are not so much due'to me for these Services, as to the House itself, who made them to be Services in me.

When I began my Duty here, I set out with a Resolution, and Promise to the House, to be impartial in every Thing, and to shew Respe6l to every Body. The first I know I have done, it is the only Merit lean assume: If I have failed in the other, it was unwillingly, it was inadvertently; and I a(k their Pardon, moil lincerely, to whomsoever it may have happened — I can truly say, the giving Satisfaction to oil has been my constant Aim, my Study, and my Pride.

And now. Sirs, I am to take my last Leave of You,

It is, I confess, with Regret, because the being within these Walls has ever been the chief Pleasure of my Life:

But’my advanced Age and Infirmities, and some other

Reaons,

Address to the King to confer tome Favour on the Speaker.

Supoly Bill 5

.Sinking

Fundi.

Supply Bill j

Exchequer Bills,

.Supply Bill;

Navy Debt.

Tudoes Comm:lfions, Si L.

Artfwer to Avivirefc.

t Geo. III.

1 8° — 1f Martiii

1109

Reasons, call for Retirement and Obscurity. There I shall spend the Remainder of my Days; and shall only have Power to hope and to pray, and my Hopes and Prayers, my daily Prayer, will be, for the Continuance of the Constitution in general, and that the Freedom, the Dignity, and Authority, of this House may be perpetual.

Jiefolved, Neinine conlradiccnte, That the Thanks of this House be given to Mr. Speaker, for what he has now laid to the House': And that the same be printed in the Votes of this Day.

Ref hived, Nemine contra(Jicenfe, That an humble Ad-dreis be presented to his Majesty, humbly to beseech his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to confer forne iignal Mark of his Royal Favour upon the Right lionoura b\eA rthur Onslow Esq u i re, Speaker of this House, for his great and eminent Services performed to his Country, for the Space of Thirty-three Years and upwards; during which he has, with such distinguished Ability and Integrity, presided in the Chair of this House: And to allure his Majesty, That whatever Expence his Majesty shall think proper to be incurred, upon that Account, this House will make good the same to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

A-Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr. Harris:

Mr Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Lies and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for exempt ing any Annuities or Sums of Money granted, or to be granted, to the Royal Family, from the Payment of Taxes; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lord's have agreed to the Bill, intit uled. An Act for enabiinghis Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, towards paying oft* and ilifcharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one; and for allowing further Time for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and tiling thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Hill, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual, the Provisions in an Act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his late' Majesty king William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, relating to the Commissions and Salaries of Judges, without any Amendment.

And then the Mclfengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jovis, 19 0 die

Anno i* . Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1761.

Wave r s.

MR. Vice Chamberlain reported to the I Ioufe, That their Addfefs of Yelierday,* That his Majesty wm'ild be graciously'pleased to confer some signal Mark of Ids Royal Favour upon the Right honourable Arthur Oiijioio Esq 11 ire, Speaker of this I louse, for his great and eminent Services performed tohisCountry, for tho Space Vol. 28.

of Thirty-three Years and upwards; during which he has, with such distinguished Ability and Integrity, presided in the Chair of this House; and to allure his Majesty, that whatever Expence his Majesty shall think proper to be incurred upon that Account, this House will make good the same to his Majesty; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to give the following most gracious Answer:

That his Majesty has the justest Sense of the long Services and great Merit of Kir. Onslow, present Speaker of the House of Commons; and had already taken the same into his Confederation: And that he will do therein what shall appear to his Majesty to be most proper, agreeably to the Desire of his faithful Commons.

Ordered, That a Meftage be sent to the Lords, to de- Message to fire, That they will, direct,. that the Painted Chamber, Lord* to di-the Lobby, and the Passage to the House of Peers* p^ac^riD* may be cleared from any Crowd. ®

Ordered, That the Lord Royslon do carry the said Meftage.

The Lord Roysto?i reported to the House, That he Answrrto had been at the House of Peers, and delivered the McffaSc* Meftage, for clearing the Painted Chamber, Lobby, and Passage to their House.

A Meftage from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Royal Assent Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Uftier of the Black Rod: to

Mr Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal AiTent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one:

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, towards paying off and discharging tho Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one; and for allowing further Time for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contrafts of Clerks to At- tornies or Solicitors, and filing thereof:

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in thisSeftion of Parliament; and for exempting any Annuities or Sums of Money granted, or to be granted, to the Royal Family, from the Payment of Taxes:

An Act for rendering more effectual the Provisions in an Act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, relating to the Commissionsaml Salaries of Judges:

An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money:

An Act for applying tire Money granted in thisSeftion of Parliament towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, w hen unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied, for Oue Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one:

An Act for Relief of info]vent Debtors:

An Act for the bem rPrcfervation of the Game in that Part oiGreat Britain called Sc otland; and for regaling*

Part of an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for tho better Preservation of ihc Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scollar I.

An Act for repairing the Parish Church of L in the County of Surrey:

An Act for amending and widening the I'oaJ from

C

I U*

I IIO

19* Martii.

A. 176:1. j

Royal Assent ttye Town of Stone to Wordejley Green Gate, and from to Billi. the West End of Biljion Street, in Wolverhampton, to the

High Street, opposite the Old Bu/h, in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton to Gzw-in the Counties of Stafford', Worcester, and Warwick:

An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Qneon Anne, in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging, ameud-frig, and maintaining, the Road from Dartford to North-fleet and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to Chalk, and from Northfleet to Chalk, and from thence to the Stones End, near the Parish Church of Strood, in the County of Kent:

An Act for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham; and from the said Turnpike Road, near Smallways, across the River Tees, to Winston, in the said County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the said River at or near Winflon Ford

An Act for repairing and amending the Road leading from Whitecross, in the Parish of Leven, in Holdcrnefje, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the said County;

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Appleby, in* the County of Wcjtmoreland, through the Township of Orton to Kirby Kendal, and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near Shapp, and from Highgate, near Tebay,in a Part of the Highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendal, through the Town of Kirby Steven, to the Town of Market Brough, in the said County:

An Act for continuing so much of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Two A6is of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preservingand enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cutuber land; and for repairing and amending the high Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, as relates to the preserving and enlarging of the said Harbour:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Grounds, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Wappenham, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of the Hamlet of AJlwell and JFaidcut, in the said Parish:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Grounds, within the Parish of Exhall, in the County of the City of Coventry:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, commonPaftures, walla Grounds, and common-able Lands, in the Parish of By ton, otherwise Buy ton upon jPunfmore, in the County of Warwick.

An Act for dividing and inclosing an open Commons within the Manor and Parish of Morresby, in the County of Cumberland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, within Wardingloti, Williamfcott otherwise Willfcot, and Coton otherwise Cotes, in the County of Oxford.

An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Commons, common Heaths, and waste Grounds, in the adjoining Manors of East Lulivorth and Combe Keynes, in the County of Dorset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Grounds called Norham Infields, and the Common or Waste called Norham Moor, within the Township of Norham> in the County of Durham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields of Anjty, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields of Abketlleby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Field*:

An Act for dividing and inclosmir certain open and common Fields, in the Parish of Fringford otherwise Ferringford, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the Moors, Commons, and waste Grounds, called Pool Com-?non, in the Manors of Lanverchidol and St ret Marcel, otherwise Street Mar/hall, in the Parishes of Pool and Guilsfield, in the County of Montgomery:

An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields in Burton Pidfea in Holderntffc, in the County of York:

An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for in-doling common or waste Ground, within the Manor or Lordship of Hejlinglon, in the County of York:

An Act to enable John Earl of Sandwich, WelboreElUs Esquire, and Robert Nugent Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Pay matter General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to enable William Earl of Harrington to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Customer and Collector of the Ports of Dublin, Skerrys, Malahidc, and Wicklow, in the said Kingdom; and to enable Richard Rigby Esquire to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as. Keeper and Matter of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery, in the said Kingdom, and Clerk, Keeper, or Matter, of the Rolls, Books, Writs, and Records, of the said Court; and to qualify ihemselves for the Enjoyment of the said respective Offices:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Fre* derick Viscount'BolTugbroke, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for fettiingan Estate in the County of Surrey, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; and for impowering him to fell other Part of the said Kentijk Estate, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for felling clivers Lands and Hereditaments in London, Middlesex, Surrey, Berk/hire, and North amp-tonshire, devised by the Wills of Bartholomew Clarke and Hitch Younge, Esquires; and for laying out the Money arising by fuel) Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the Uses of the said Wills respectively:

An Act for vesting the Plantation and Estate of John Walter, Esquire, and Nezvton his Wife, late Newton Walker Spinller, in thelfland of Barbadoes, in Trustees, for raising Money, to be applied in purchasing of Stock, and for other Purposes, for the Improvement of the same Plantation and Estate:

An Act for felling divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the City of London, and in the Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Buckingham, and Somerset, devised by the Will of of Sir William Dodwell Knight, deceased, and purchased in pursuance thereof respectively; and for laying oirt the Money arising by such Sale in purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, in or near the County of Gloucester, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the Uses, of the said Will:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Williams Esquire, in the County of Essex, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances; and laving out the Surplus in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate:

An Act for felling aMefluage and Lands in Whaddan, in the County of Bucks, settled by the late Brawn Willis Esquire, on the Marriage of his Son; and for purchasing' another Estate in lieu thereof, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting and settling the real and personal Estate of John Morse, late Citizen and Goldsmith of London, deceased, for the Benefit of the several Persons intitled under his W ill* and for the better answering

and

i Geo. Iff:

u 11

19* Martii.

find effecting the Intents and Purposes of the same Will:

An Act for diverting out of the Crown, the Remainder, in Fee, of several Lands in Ireland, late the Estate of Martin Dillon Esquire, and for veiling the same in Car let on Whitelocke, of the City of Dublin, Esquire, and his Heirs, in Trull for Henry Mitchell of the said City of Dublin, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns.

The King’t After which his Majesty was pleased to make a most Speech* gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I cannot put an End to this Session without declaring my intire Satisfaction in your Proceedings, during the course of it. The Zeal you have shewn for the Honour of niy Crown, as well as for my true Interest, and that of your Country, which are ever the fame, is the clearest Demonrtration of that Duty and Affection to my Person and Government, of which you so tmanimourty allured me at your first Meeting. Nothing could" so much add to the pleasure which these Confkleraiions afford me, as that I am now able to acquaint ycu with the great Progress made of late by the Combined Army in Germany, under the Command of Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick. I formerly told you, that the Nature of the War in those Parts had kept the Campaign there Hill depending; and it now appears, to the Surprise of my Enemies, that the superior Ability and indefatigable Activity of my General, and the Spirit and Ardour of my Officers and Troops, have greatly profited of this Perseverance, notwithstanding all the Difficulties anting from the Season.

I3y your Artiftance I have taken the belt Care to recruit that Army in an effectual Manner; and have made such a Disposition of my Fleet for the next Summer as may most advantageously defend my Kingdoms, protect the Commerce of my Subjects, maintain and extend our Possessions and Acquisitions, and an-ioy the Enemy.

As in all my Measures I have nothing in View but the Security and Felicity of my Dominions, the Support of my Allies, and the restoring of the public Tranquillity, I trull in the Divine Providence to give a happy Issue to our farther Operations.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I cannot furticiently thank you for your Unanimity and Dispatch, in providing for the Expences of my Civil Government, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown: And I think myself as much obliged to you for the prudent Use which, in framing that Provision, you have made of my Consent to leave my own Hereditary Revenues to such Disposition of Parliament as might bed conduce to the Utility and Satisfaction of the Public, as for what more immediately concerns myself.

In making my Acknowledgments for the large and extensive Supplies which you have granted me this Session, I am at a Loss whether moll to applaud your Chearfulnels in giving or your Wisdom in proportioning them to the extraordinary Occasions of the Public, notwithstanding those uncommon Burthens, which I heartily regret. No Care rtiall be wanting on my Part to fee them duly applied to the National Ends for which you intended them.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Expiration of this Parliament now drawing very near, I will forthwith give the necessary Orders for calling a new One. But I cannot take my Leave of you, without returning my Thanks for the many eminent Proofs you have given of your Fidelity and Affection to my Family and Government, and of your Zeal for this happy and excellent Constitution.

During this Parliament the Flame of War was kindled, by the injurious Encroachments and Ufurpatious of our Enemies; and therefore it became just and necessary on our Part. In the Prosecution of it you have given such Support to my Royal Grand fat lie r and myself, and such Artiftance to our Allies, as have manifested your public-spirited Concern for the Honour of the Nation, and the Maintenance of its undoubted Rights and Polfeftions, and been attended with glorious Successes and great Acquisitions in various Parts of the World, particularly in the intire Reduction of 6V/-nada; a Conquest of the utmost Importance to the Security of our Colonies in North America, and to the Extension of the Commerce and Navigation of my Subjects.

May God Almighty grant Continuance to these Successes! The Use which I propose to make of them is to secure and promote the Welfare of my Kingdoms, and to carry on the War with Vigour, in order to procure to them the Blessings of Peace, on safe and honourable Conditions for me and my Allies, to which I have been always ready to hearken.

Firm in these Resolutions I do, with intire Confidence, rely on the good Dispositions of my faithful Subjects in the Choice of their Representatives; and I make no Doubt but they will thereby demonstrate the Sincerity of those Assurances which have been so cordially and universally given me, in the loyal, affectionate, and unanimous, Addresses of my People.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s parliaromt Command, said, prorogued.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued until Tuesday the Seventh Day of April next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the Seventh Day of April next.

n

INDEX

TO THE

TWENTY-EIGHTH VOLUME.

[Index removed.]

